"Review","school"
"I attended App Academy after graduating college with a degree in Ecology and working in the US Forest Service for three years. Basically, I had no technical experience whatsoever outside of playing video games and experimenting with basic coding in the... Read More language BASIC when I was a kid. After about 7 months total of coursework and the job search, I landed a job as a software engineer at a series C startup and I feel wholly prepared to assume my new role.App Academy has a pretty solid curriculum, and while you could conceivably learn it all on your own it's much more efficient to do it through them. While most of the TA's are recent A/a grads, the cohort leads are usually experienced engineers and can answer your in-depth technical questions. I'm pleased to say there is a decent focus on true CS concepts rather than just how to use the trending tools of the industry, which is really what counts in the job search. Specific languages and tools go out of style rapidly, but if you can internalize the core concepts of CS and learn how to pick up new things on the fly, you will be able to apply to a wide range of jobs and have a chance of passing the interviews. Pair programming is one of the most infuriating experiences imaginable, but I will say that it is the secret sauce that makes this bootcamp work. Left to you own devices you will likely not be motivated or focused enough to work through the whole curriculum on your own, but when paired with another person all day it makes sure that both partners are on task and making good progress. I will say I love pair programming when two people can just freeform work on the project together and throw out the driver/navigator roles, and I encourage you to suggest this to your partners if both of you are on board.I would also say that while the A/a model works really well right now, it is definitely a crapshoot whether or not it will work for you or in the future. Right now tech is a bloated whale of high paying coding jobs that could be conceivably had with just 4-6 months of rigorous training, but I suspect that like the gold rush this will come to an end. Most of these jobs are for startups which are not profitable and are funded by VC cash. While I'm not an economist, I have heard from people who are that the tech industry is likely overvalued and may crash in the same way that finance did in 2008. Just be wary, and have realistic expectations. At the time of this review I would 100% recommend App Academy as a viable option to a tech career, but if you are reading this a year or later down the line I would do my research into the state of the industry and bootcamp placements before registering. If you are older (say, 35+) or lack a degree you may also struggle to find a job as many companies will automatically weed you out for not having a degree or discriminate against you for being an older candidate. Ditto if you are not a citizen or green card holder. While I and many of my friends found jobs within 3-6 months of finishing the program (some even sooner), I also met many people who fit into the above categories who ended up searching for upwards of a year.The one place where App Academy really shines is the job search. This to me is where 90% of the value comes from. Anyone can learn how to code on their own, but I can honestly say without my dedicated and talented coaches I would have been dead in the water. They teach you things that you can't easily learn off the internet, things you wouldn't even think to google, and the job search formula works, at least in this current economy. Indeed, I did App Academy because I didn't think I could find a job in my old field (ecology), but after going through the job search curriculum I realize I total could have if I knew what I know now about job searching. Lastly, I'd like to mention that my first coach was a dud and pretty useless, but after he ""left"" App Academy I was assigned to two new coaches who were total rockstars. My point is your milage may vary, but for the most part I would say the coaching staff is solid.Finally, read the fine print. The ISA money-back guarentee only applies if you finish the program and don't find a job after a year, and even then you will more than likely have to sign a job search extension adding extra months before you are eligible to get your money back. This is due to the fact that your projects and job search materials will likely not be done by the time you graduate and you will need to spend additional time working on these, during which time you are not technically job searching. Make sure that you are able to support yourself being fully unemployed for a period of 17ish months (4 months curriculum + 13 months for the search) before you start the program if you want to be safe. Of course you could just send it anyway, but you are running a risk as if you run out of money and have to go back to work you will still owe A/a $28K. Also, plan on moving to a tech hub city (most likely SF or NY) if you do not already live in one, these are the places where companies will hire bootcampers. I was lucky enough to score a remote job, but that is also mostly due to COVID. You may also be able to do so but again it is a crapshoot.Overall, I would recommend App Academy but only in an artifically inflated and booming tech economy.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: -Great curriculum taught by competent and (mostly) empathetic instructors who want you to succeed. -If you can pass the curriculum as well as are giving a true ""best of yourself"" effort then you will learn to program.-Resources are plentiful during... Read More the course-Don't pay a dime until you get a job.Cons:- During job search technical resources are very much limited and watered down compared to help you received during curriculum.- Although there are few, I did encounter instructors that I felt were chosen for their ability to program rather than their ability to teach and program.- Terrible system of conduct and accountability. There has to be a better way to handle plagiarism. Everyone who programs grabs info from stackoverflow etc.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: - Good class structure and accountability to help keep students on track.- Great teachers, feeling of community with other students, even though everything is online remote.- Good breadth of material, focused on what companies are currently looking... Read More for in an applicant.- Good pacing and balance between learning material and practical project work. Cons:- Certain subjects are still a little rough around the edges and need to be refined. Specifically, how we were taught react during my cohort was rough and kind of backwards, spent a lot of time on old ways of implementing react and very little time on the new (hooks) way. However, they are actively rewriting the whole react curriculum, so should be fixed for new students.Read Less",app-academy
"With any boot camp I am sure there is going to be ups and downs or things you like and don't like, so with all that aside was App Academy wroth the time and money? For different reasons than I thought when I joined yes it was. Everyone will have a different... Read More experience base on how you view things and what your expecting. So here is what I know for sure without App Academy there is no way I would be in the same place today without them. You don't know what you don't know tell your face to face with it. App Academy forces you to move on to new stuff even if you think your not ready and you when you move on you find out that were actually ready. This is the biggest reason why I would say if your thinking about a boot camp go for it!Read Less",app-academy
"I had a great time at App Academy. For me the con is also a pro, when you first sign up they tell you that it is a very rigorous and demanding program but I didn't take too seriously. Just a few weeks later I was putting in anywhere from 80 to 100 hours... Read More of work into completing the course work. Which is necessary due to the amount of material that we learn in just a few weeks.I feel that the boot camp made me a better developer and that I was given all that I signed up for and more.Thank you so much for changing my career path.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is designed to push you to your limit and has you riding the line of being overwhelmed and advanced fast-paced learning. I really enjoyed my time with the TA's and my classmates. The TA's are very competent and helpful. If you're self-motivated... Read More and have a focused and directed mindset to become a software engineer/developer, I highly recommend App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy's full stack web development course is tough, but perfect for anyone who wants to seriously boost their code knowledge. TA's and fellow students were always eager to offer assistance, and the curriculum really teaches a student how to learn.... Read MoreRead Less",app-academy
"Pros:+ The course is designed well and is an incredibly effective way to learn a lot about coding and web development in a short amount of time. I entered App Academy with no coding experience or technical background, and graduated with a ton of practical... Read More skills. + Amazing Teaching Assistants. All the technical staff at AA know their stuff and want you to succeed. Pro/Con: + Whether this is a pro or con depends on what motivates you, but the possibility of dismissal for failing two assessments adds a significant amount of stress. For me, this stress made the program more effective. I would keep studying for tests long after I was 'ready' for them, which lead to a greater mastery of the material.Read Less",app-academy
"I feel like saying that I enjoyed my time here would label me as a masochist, but yes.. I did enjoy my time here. I was looking into getting into coding, but didn't know where to start and what stacks to learn, so I decided to give App Academy's 16 week... Read More Full-Stack web development course a shot since I've heard of all these good reviews, and so far, I'm not disappointed. To get in, first you have to pass their interviews. After you get in, things start a little slow, for the first week, but then speeds up really fast. Especially after the first two weeks, which is the foundations part of the curriculum, after which, the real meat of the course starts to show and the pace picks up even more. It's extremely vigorous, but there is a light at the end of the tunnel. If you manage to pass all their assessments you'll be rewarded with newfound knowledge in programming and the ability to build cool apps. After completing the course you enter your Career quest, in which you will be provided a Career Coach who will coach you on applying for jobs and interviewing. All in all it's been a great experience that leaves you feeling fulfilled, and I'm also impressed and how they turned this in-person course to an online one.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: Teaches you all the things you really need to know. Teacher assistants are really useful and the projects they provide for you to do are helpful. The teaching strategy is to repeat concepts until it's cemented in your memory, which I believe is... Read More rather effective.Cons: They stop giving you meaningful assistance when it comes to your personal projects at the end of the bootcamp. You're pretty much on your own, but of course you have your fellow students as resources but they're also trying to complete their own projects. They claim that the independence on the projects is to emulate your experience outside the bootcamp (without Teacher Assistants).Read Less",app-academy
"In 16 weeks at App Academy, you will be thrown in lots of Computer Science concepts over various programming languages in addition to job searching toolsets. After going through about 3 months of intense learning, you will be tasked with projects to do... Read More that will demonstrate your knowledge. From my experience, those projects were fun and the knowledge has helped me to figure out additional technologies to incorporate into my projects! Even though this journey through this bootcamp has been challenging, it is worth it in the end. Aside from the amazing material you get, you also will get to meet amazing cohort-mates from various backgrounds. Overall be prepared and be serious, which I can't emphasize enough, to put in lots of work to understanding and practicing those computer science concepts.Pros:- The instructional material were up-to-date, fun, and challenging.- Really helpful instructors to help you understand Computer Science concepts.- Plentiful of help for your job searchCons:- Some Computer Science concepts taught (either in lecture or in instructional material) are hard to understand or not self-explanatory.- Some lectures felt rushed and weren't paced well to flesh out concepts clearly.- The transition from programming projects to job searching was awkward. Felt uncomfortable just suddenly switching from technical to nontechnical work. Tips I could give:- Try to learn some new programming languages/concepts ahead of time (even better if before the bootcamp). I highly suggest learning Python.- Have a set schedule as you do not want to overwork yourself, especially when you're going to be studying new concepts daily.- Be prepared to be expected to learn new concepts instantly.Read Less",app-academy
"I made the push to join App Academy after feeling lost and overwhelmed with all the free programs online. The ""online"" course is very current with the technologies they teach, and curriculum is always taking feedback from students and staff to find ways... Read More to improve. Since the start COVID-19 there's been a huge influx of new students, so I can't speak on the way things will progress... what I can say is that my instructional staff was clearly very passionate about the material and did everything they could to see students succeed. Be prepared to really commit the full 40+ hours a week for classes and self-study. I do wish more time was spent on learning data structures and algorithms, but what you do learn is very job-oriented. There is also a dedicated team of staff that will coach you through your job search!Read Less",app-academy
pros:- Great structured material- Engaging learning experience- Tests are easy- App Academy is really invested in you to succeedcons:- Requires 70+ hour weeks- Tests are tedious and do not reflect well on you understanding of the material- Very little... Read More focus on Data Structures and Algorithms- JavaScript portion of the curriculum is virtually nonexistent - UnderstaffedRead Less,app-academy
"As a student, I felt that I only scratched the surface of each topic, then did my best (with my pair-programming partner) to apply the knowledge on daily projects. During the initial week-long full stack projects, I didn't have a clear idea on how to... Read More start. However, my Principle Instructor (Ian) and the TA's (Javier, Dean) were always there and extremely helpful in guiding me in the right direction and helping to debug. By the time the capstone project came around, I felt equipped to develop a full stack project -- to the extent that I taught myself a whole new framework in just a few days to use in my project. a/A simplifies complex topics across the full stack into simple, but not always digestible pieces. You will spend only a few days on topics that are taught over a semester in college. At times, you are likely to be overwhelmed by the pace. On the flip-side, you are also likely to be too immersed to even think about it. It may feel like you are being rushed to cram new material each day, but you would be surprised to realize how much you are actually learning under the hood. In addition to the basic knowledge, you are learning how to learn new technologies quickly and effectively. This resourcefulness is probably the most valuable return on your investment of time, money and effort. My thoughts upon completion of the program: I thought I was running a marathon, but it turns out I was being taught how to tie my shoes really well for five months. The marathon has only just started.Read Less",app-academy
pros:they bet on you with income sharingthere are instructors to help (within reason)good breath of materialcareer supportthey force you to learngreat for people who want to learn and feel confident they can do itcons:It might feel expensive after you... Read More finishat times you might feel overwhelmed if you don't have any tech background. but still doable. be ready to sacrifice something.sometimes the curriculum feels rushed or disjointedRead Less,app-academy
"App Academy is no joke. It is a very demanding program that requires dedication and effort. I spent 10-12 hours a day engaging myself with the projects, and homework. You are encouraged to limit your obligations outside of the program -- none of my classmates... Read More worked as students. You will get kicked out after failing 2 assessments (unless you pass the retake for the second failed assessment). You must work strategically and efficiently under pressure. Pros - the instructional team is great and the online resources are available to students even after graduating. Cons - Some curriculum is outdated but the instructional team is working through updating the material.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended the App Academy SF June 2020 in-person cohort (which ended up being entirely online because 2020). It was a great experience, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking to leap into the deep end of software engineering. It was an incredibly... Read More intensive course, and you constantly feel overwhelmed and like you’re not learning just as much material as you are, but make it to the end and you will feel actually qualified enough to call yourself a software engineer. Pros: - Extremely hands on- Learn to use many different frameworks, Ruby, JavaScript, the MERN stack, and more- friendly staff and TAs- lots of practice working with partners, which is hugely helpful for making sure you can articulate your coding thought process - a lot of help during the career searchCons:- feel like you’re just not getting it...often - the curriculum is sometimes laid out poorly and hard to parse. - 16 weeks is a huge time commitment (but what do you expect when trying to switch careers entirely?)Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:- Exactly what you expect: 100% commitment and 100% focus will help you succeed in an immersive bootcamp like this one.- Best industry practices; instructors teach you recent and up-to-date technology and practices that would be used in the industry... Read More while making sure you fundamentally understand the concepts you're learning. Have to learn to walk before you can run.- Fast but fun paced environment to teach those who are committed to learn. Curriculum is well-designed and TAs are well-versed in the tech taught (most are recent graduates).Cons:- Time consuming. You will 100% be investing 9-11 hours/day prior to the beginning of your projects where you might be putting in even more time.- Tough. This is NOT a bootcamp for those who aren't going to take this serious. - Albeit the TAs will say ""it's a marathon, not a race"", it is more like a fast-paced marathon. You will get through material in no time and you'll need to pick things up quickly to keep up.Read Less",app-academy
"The program was definitely a lot tougher than I expected going in but I did learn a lot throughout my time during the bootcamp. The TAs are amazing and super helpful when needed. The one part I felt like could be improved was having more practice before... Read More attempting projects on our own towards the end but I understood it because of the time constraint to cram a lot of knowledge in a short period of time. Overall, a great experience and I look forward to using my skills in the industry.Read Less",app-academy
"Over the course of three months, a lot of material gets squeezed into such a small time frame and it initially seemed like such a daunting journey to embark on. But with all the great support I got from the staff members and also the amount of work I... Read More had put in, I strongly believe that it's an experience worth my time and money. The material was both challenging and fun, especially with how much material is taught. And beyond the bootcamp, you get to meet a lot of amazing people! The last few weeks of the bootcamp pushed me to my limits but it was fun seeing how much I've learned, which is one of the most rewarding results from going through this bootcamp.Pros: Challenging and fun material, lots of opportunities to practice concepts, and you get plenty of help early on.Cons: Sometimes the lecture feel too broad, and a lot of the CS concepts get glossed over (data structures &amp; algorithms) and is more of a self-study type of dealTip: Manage your time if you plan to tackle this bootcamp! Getting enough sleep will go a long way and it helped me succeed and complete the course at full valueRead Less",app-academy
"This course demands A LOT of your time and devotion. I came in to this program with no coding experience at all and know I still have more to learn even after but I have come leaps and bounds in my coding skill. If you're not ready to commit 12 - 14hrs... Read More 7 days a week to coding then this program isn't for you. The TA's are amazing (from my cohort at least), they were knowledgable and past grads so they knew what it was like to be in our shoes. The curriculum readings need to revised and updated in a few parts, thankfully TA's are there to clarify. Before the cohort starts they have you learn the basics of Ruby since the beginning of the program is focused on Ruby. I highly suggest also taking time to learn some JavaScript as well. Because you get a lot of time with Ruby and then when JS time happens you'll feel like you just got thrown into the deep end. At the time of writing this review I am just finishing week 15 out of 16, getting ready to get into the career quest part (technically already started), which is also intense. Pretty much from start of the program until you get a job you will be working you butt off. So make sure you know how to take care of yourself, exercise, get some good rest and try to maintain one hobby that is a stress reliever. Your fellow cohorts will be some of your greatest resources and best friends, you will bond over struggling together and it's a great time to make networks (you never know what companies you or any of them will get into). So if you are more than interested in coding, are able to not work for 4months straight or more, dedicated enough to spend 12-14hr days to learning then this is the program for you. It's not the best because it's easy, keep that in mind. As stressful as this experience has been, I am extremely happy that I did it and that I made it to the end. I have family in the tech industry and showing them what I can do after these 4 months they are very impressed and reassure me that I can land a role as a jr dev. Hoping and continuing to study hard so that that is the case.Read Less",app-academy
I enrolled in a in person cohort but due to pandemic it was switched to zoom. The bootcamp was intense but everyday you are learning something new and practicing that in the pair-programming. TAs were great and really helpful. Many of them had gone thru... Read More the course themself so they knew the sort of problems and understanding that is required to be successful. Everyday seemed really long but at the end of the week friday seemed to come by really quickly as you are coding every hour. I feel like I am very confident in my ability to code and I have also discovered tons of resources which I will look into to further my coding skills.Read Less,app-academy
"Pros- their curriculum supports anyone who does not have a technical coding background which is where I was. As long as you put in the time and effort, you can succeed.Cons- throughout the last few weeks of the cohort, the projects seemed to be rushed... Read More and were combined with the job searching curriculum which I think is not the best idea.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy did a great job giving us all the skills we need to become a good software engineer. The program is fast paced and students will only get out what they put into it. The high frequency of tests helped ensure that concepts were nailed down quickly... Read More but could also change some student's priorities to test taking rather than learning the actual concepts. The TAs were very supportive and helpful and there was a tight nit culture despite our cohort being switched to online only due to COVID. Overall would recommend.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy is definitely no joke. It is 16 weeks of constant work with no letting up. 60 hours a week of work is the bare minimum, and honestly I don't even know if that is enough. I am pretty sure that I worked well beyond that most weeks. The assessments... Read More are very tough but often fair. The pace is insane but definitely doable. You just need to keep on top of everything. I often found myself worried that I did not fully understand a certain topic covered in class only to find out that I knew more than I realized when the time came to utilize those concepts. You will be surprised when you realize the topic that gave you trouble a few weeks ago is now second nature.Overall it was a very positive and life changing experience that I would highly recommend!Read Less",app-academy
"I am very glad I attended App Academy. I had been dabbling in different web development technologies for years. For example, I knew how to build web-scrapers with Python and Selenium. But I never had any formalized knowledge of the best practices to build... Read More a full-stack application. By the end of the 16 week curriculum, I was able to clone the core functionality of Quizlet.com as my final project. It was one of 3 large projects that we did.In all we covered broad CS topics like data structures, algorithms, authentication patterns, tree traversal, among many others. And we learned specific technologies like Ruby on Rails, SQL, HTML/CSS, Javascript, React/Redux, Node &amp; the MERN stack. We practiced using git &amp; github extensively. We learned Test Driven Development thru technologies like Rspec &amp; Capybara. Most importantly, we learned to learn. For example, when it came to the MERN stack &amp; MERN projects, the instructors stopped holding our hands and made us practice picking up a new technology ourselves. My cohort was supposed to be an in-person cohort, but it turned out to be online only due to Covid. At first I was upset that I wouldn't be able to interact with my instructors and classmates on a daily basis, but it turned out to be a blessing in disguise - with the amount of work we had to do every day, I couldn't imagine having to spend another hour or two each day commuting.I would give a 5-star review, but I do think it can be improved in a few ways.1) A large part of the curriculum focuses on Ruby and Ruby on Rails. I believe that this is part of the design, in a sense, because Ruby is an easy introduction into the world of programming. We had people that came from completely different backgrounds and had little prior programming experience. However, it's looking like Python &amp; Django are becoming more popular now and I wish we had some exposure to these frameworks as well. It appears that future aA cohorts will, in-fact, be going this route instead of RoR.2) While aA has a wealth of knowledge on App Academy Open - the main tool for content for our curriculum (it's where all of our projects, homework, and readings were housed), that portal is not very organized. If I wanted to go back and reference something we learned 4-5 weeks back - it was hard to find. I wish they made all the projects &amp; topics we covered searchable.To say that App Academy was intense is not an understatement. About 1/3 of our initial cohort didn't make it to the end. But it was very rewarding to have completed it.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy was a great experience for me. I started with very little coding knowledge prior coming from a completely different career. During the actual curriculum everything feels rushed and the constant assessments create a ton of pressure but the... Read More once I got to building my own projects it was an amazing feeling.Read Less,app-academy
"I went into App Academy without any prior coding experience. Coming out, I feel sufficiently prepared to answer tech answers intelligently, and absorb new technologies with some kin of framework. For those thinking about applying, remember that you get... Read More exactly what you put in. App Academy is not necessarily impossible to pass, but it is entirely up to you how successful you want to be coming out. You can ""pass"" the course with 60 hours a week, but in order to get the most out of it, 90+ is definitely preferable.Read Less",app-academy
"I have loved my experience at App Academy. The curriculum has been rigorous but thorough. Not only did we learn the fundamentals, but we learned how to think like a programmer. We learned how to solve problems and how to ask the right questions. The curriculum... Read More extended beyond just coding and languages, and included many lessons on white-boarding, pair programming, soft-skills and job search principles. The instructors are knowledgeable and approachable, and there is always help to be found if you look for it. I have enjoyed my time at a/A and cannot recommend this program enough to all those who are trying to find the right fit.Read Less",app-academy
"I came to App Academy with some previous knowledge in programming and computer science. I just finished the 24-week online program, it wasn't easy but I enjoyed the structure of the course and I got to know amazing people that were collaborative and supportive.... Read More I completed my training as a software engineer and now I'm receiving training to find my first job. I learned web development using different technologies and computer languages like React, Express, Node.js, sequelize ORM, Javascript, Python, Flask, among others, aligning with high demand from tech companies increasing the chances of landing a great job. App Academy provided everything I was looking for and I am a proud alumni!Read Less",app-academy
"When I started the pre-course work for AppAcademyI hadn't touched a line of code, but now I'm a software developer.Yes, the course is HARD. It will be the hardest thing you've ever done, but the system works. If you as an individual, put in the work and... Read More really dedicate yourself for 24 weeks, you will graduate and get a job in the field. With AppAcademy, I felt like my cost breakdown was something like:20% Curriculum30% Support from Teachers50% Providing a System that kept myself accountable for my learningThat 50% 'system' meant adhering to an assessment system, a strike system for attendances and notes, and the pressures to keeping up with my cohort.If your question is, ""Is AppAcademy is worth it?"", you're asking the wrong question. The question should be, ""Am I prepared to give what it takes to trust the system and dedicate my LIFE to learning a new career in 24-weeks?""Read Less",app-academy
"I started in February 2020 and just graduated the Online Full Stack Software Engineer course. I am currently in the ver start of my job hunt and was completely prepared to do outstanding by the course. The material is great and the instructors are super... Read More knowledgable and just all around awesome. I have made lifelong friends with several of my classmates as well. If you want to change your life and become a software engineer, App Academy is the only choice in my bookRead Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a rigorous bootcamp for sure. You dive into a lot of content and before you know it 6 months have passed. I was part of their online track and it was by far one of the most difficult thing I have done. You go from console logging ""hello... Read More world"" to being able to build full stack applications in react/redux and python. I do have to hand it to them for not just teaching me code but how to learn any language or framework. You are put in these environments that really forge your developer skills if you can handle the pressure. Some of the assignments include building a clone (ie netflix or instagram) within a week after learning the technologies a week or two prior. The instructors are AMAZING and if it wasnt for their guidance I would not have been able to finish. Just as a note I never had coding experience before and was able to graduate and am now employed. Only con is that the curriculum is being improved and we will occasionally get some errors in the readings. The TAs and Instructors do clarify during lecture but for a top bootcamp I would like to see those ironed out in the future. Overall it was worth it and it changed my life!Read Less",app-academy
"Coming here from another country, learning English and Programming languages at once is definitely a tough journey for me. It took me a very long time to figure out which program/bootcamp is suitable for me. I was trying to learn how to code with a bunch... Read More of schools however App Academy gave me the best self learning experience. I love the curriculum, high quality videos, the way teachers convey the lecture and support students and how selective App Academy is. Especailly, I WAS TAUGHT TECHNICAL SKILLS (PROGRAMMING) IN PLAIN ENGLISH. Amazing tutors/teams and great curriculumn from App Academy helped me to make my dream come true. Within 6 intensed months learning with App Academy, I turned into a new leaf: from a person who knows nothing became a software engineer. I had been learning and sharpening a lots of both technical skills (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PyThon, Node.js, SQL...) and non-techinal skills such as how to write an attractive resume, cover letter, negotiate when I get a job offer, and so forth.I highly recommend you going with App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"I came into the curriculum with a basic foundation of coding, however I had no experience in software development and in a mere 6 months I can say that I am much more confident in my ability to produce an application. App Academy not only teaches you... Read More relevant curriculum but (and this is the most important aspect to me) they set you up with the ability to continue self-learning after graduationPros- The support from the TA's and Instructors are nice to have, especially when you aren't grasping a concept.- 4 projects, consisting of 2 group project and 2 solo projects gives you a lot of experience working with different ideas, people, and technologies.- Presence of a career coach makes the job search process feel much more structured.- The focus on mini-projects while your learning really re-enforces the concepts learned for the day- Learn Python for the online full-stack cohorts instead of RubyCons- Since I was in a Cohort with a new curriculum some of the material seemed like it was rushed or just not presented in a clear and concise way.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is the 'fast track' to landing a career in tech. They focus on web design. The curriculum I went through was for Javascript and Python, and using React and Flask frameworks, but they teach you how to get there all the way from the basics of... Read More printing out hello world. Benefits:* The latter half of the program teaches the frameworks mentioned above alongside building projects with those frameworks to populate a portfolio on your resume. I was delighted to find that they tackle every aspect of the job search process, since I had effectively no portfolio before a/A.* Schedule includes weeks to focus entirely on projects and gain skills working on a team, as well as 'half-and-half' weeks to do solo projects and resume crafting, and of course many more weeks spent on new concepts.* Schedule is very flexible, and instruction team is fair. Assessments may be curved or re-evaluated based on the cohort. * Every member of app academy (that I interacted with) takes responsibility if something is wrong or needs clarification, fixing, or more time. I don't remember anyone being unapproachable. Criticisms:* When students get deferred to another cohort, they simply disappear. I understand it may be embarrassing to defer (although it shouldn't be - life happens, you need more time, it didn't click), but just silently removing them might not be the best solution. I felt the cohort steadily shrinking as people left, and became increasingly stressed that it would happen to me, since we were the first cohort of the year and the students ahead of us had different curriculum and couldn't join us. Most other cohorts will not be in this situation, though, as they will have new students join.* The 24 week pace isn't as consistent as I'd like. The first 4 weeks are essentially just making sure you passed the free online intro to programming course that they offer, or getting you up to speed if you didn't. It very quickly ramps up, and some weeks have very difficult assessments while other weeks see a class average of 100%. I understand some material is very hard to assess, though - such as learning a new framework or database, where it is more trivia than anything else. Final jurisdiction:I had graduated from uni without much of a portfolio, and without the ability to pass coding interviews despite my degree. In my opinion, the curriculum should be a little more polished and probably focus more on algorithms and react (the most important, most recurring subjects). As for me, I don't regret my time spent here at all, and I got a lot out of it. - DrewRead Less",app-academy
"It was a great experience with app Academy. Everybody is so helpful and friendly. I enjoyed everyday with a/a, and I learned many things from everybody, it was an amazing experience and I m so proud to be part of it.I really appreciate that they offer... Read More support for the job search as well.Read Less",app-academy
"There are definitely many pros and cons to the program. It can be very emotional at times, but there are strong resources and a community to rely on. It is definitely fast-paced and work-load intensive, however it is manageable with strong mentality and... Read More using the resources given to you. My tip to anyone thinking about coming in or already in, communicate with your other cohort members and TAs if you ever need help or are feeling low. Everybody is in with the same goal and TAs were in your position before this, so do not feel like you will be hindering anybody. Without being able to ask for help or communicate well with my group, I do not think I would have been able to get through it or enjoy it as much as I did. Now for the cons, the pace and expectations can feel or be a bit unforgiving and relenting considering what is at stake. I know it is those same stakes that help everyone take the program very seriously, but it would be nice to know that there is a fall back plan for anyone who may have a valid reasoning for missing a week and not have to feel like they have to dropout . It is getting better and if you communicate well enough you can get back, but the workload is a bit worrisome in that case. Long story short, be communicative and ask for help whenever you need it, use the resources around you!Read Less",app-academy
"As someone who was debating between attending App Academy or another bootcamp, I ultimately do not regret my decision to enroll with App Academy. There were several unknown factors at the time of my decision making (such as not knowing if in-person learning... Read More would become available at any point during the cohort), and I think I made the best decision I could with the knowledge I had at that point in time. With that said, there are several factors that I'd like to stress for others who may be making similar considerations:PROS:- This program will, at the end of the day, accomplish its goal of teaching you how to code. Or at the very least, will help equip you to continue learning more on your own after the bootcamp is over - It's recognized as one of the top bootcamps, which is significant since bootcamps can have a stigma associated with them in the actual workplace- The TAs seem to genuinely want everyone to succeed, and the fact that they are all former students makes them more empathetic to the pressure on current studentsCONS:- Curriculum or general operating procedures don't seem as polished as they could be. Several of the recorded video lectures towards the middle of the curriculum seem more dated, which didn't instill the highest sense of confidence in the product that App Academy provides- Intense focus on passing assessments. As other reviews mention, the foundation of the curriculum is based on weekly (and towards the end, bi-weekly) assessments. Failing any of the fundamentals assessments (weeks 1 and 2) results in being deferred to another cohort, and failing any 2 of the 6 remaining assessments results in dismissal. While this certainly keeps students on their toes, it also results in prioritizing just passing the assessment over understanding the concepts, especially if you don't have any prior CS knowledge- Pair-programming for hours every day, especially over Zoom, is taxing. Pair programming is clearly a huge part of the App Academy experience, but as one of the first cohorts that was taught the in-person curriculum entirely over Zoom, it would have been preferable to see App Academy try to be more creative in addressing specific needs of an online experience All in all, if you're looking for a way to accelerate your journey into becoming a software engineer, feel that you have a good support system, and are ready to work really hard, a bootcamp might be the right choice for you.Read Less",app-academy
"Honestly, I was convinced at the beginning that App Academy wasn’t for me. I’m a weirdo-artsy Latina with a ton of family commitments and chronic illness/disabilities that I knew would make the “valorization of working 90 hours a week” bootcamp model... Read More a huge challenge for me. I contemplated dropping out from the very first week, because without a technical background and with a glitching computer I wouldn’t afford to upgrade, I felt like the “hot mess” of the class. Coding definitely doesn’t come naturally to me— every exam was a struggle because of my anxiety issues. Given all of this, I never expected that I would graduate this program feeling so proud and glad I stuck with it, and feeling so passionate about coding now! My TAs were incredibly supportive and there for me even as I had way more questions than it felt the average student had, and they spent hours of their time outside of formal class time to help me with material, give me pep talks, and just in general didn’t view me as an expendable number in a cutthroat environment the way I worried doing an intensive bootcamp would be like. One of my good friends died in the middle of my doing this bootcamp, and I never could have kept going to graduation if instructors and fellow students hadn’t been there for me on both a human and a programming level so consistently. I reveal all this info about myself because there are tons of reviews that talk about the curriculum, specifics of the frameworks they use, etc. I wanted my review to speak to someone who might be reading this and see themselves in my description of myself— not sure they can fit in in the coding/techie world, or handle a high intensity bootcamp. I won’t sugarcoat what a challenge a/A was, but I am SO, SO grateful I stuck with it, and definitely recommend App Academy, its instructors, and its community vibe that was so welcoming to this anxious new programmer! App academy’s material is really well structured too, so I feel like I’m in a good position to keep learning and improving my skills along multiple axes with all the material being a student gives you access to forever. Excited to keep learning forever :)Read Less",app-academy
This program is VERY challenging but it would we all worth it in the end. With great guidance and support app academy will teach you the tools and skills for your success in a software development. Highly recommend to push life aside for this course days... Read More can range from 12 - 14 hrs a day to keep up with the course.Read Less,app-academy
"I will start with the obvious: App Academy is a very rigorous bootcamp and a huge commitment both physically and mentally. But with that comes a valuable education that really carries the name.The Pros: App Academy has a thoroughly developed curriculum,... Read More so you can rest assured knowing that you are receiving an education that would reflect highly in the job market. It's also structured in a way that is easy to follow, starting with basic coding projects like finding prime numbers in an array and ending with building full stack web apps. When I finished the program I truly walked away feeling like a full pledged software engineer. It may seem hard at times (it will definitely seem hard at times) but you have to trust the process.The Cons: We spent the first half of the cohort learning how to code, which in essence was finding a prime number and doing the fibonacci sequence in a hundred different ways. And then the second half ways Rails/JavaScript/React/Redux/MERN. It would have definitely been nicer if the curriculum was divided up in a better way because the concepts in the latter half are definitely more valuable but much less stressed and taught. Also, going into this I thought App Academy helps you find a job. But in truth, you're, pretty much on your own there too through hundreds and hundreds of applications. They don't have an actual job placement thing as some reviews have suggested.All in all, App Academy does deserve recognition for being a top tier bootcamp, but your success is really in your own hands.Read Less",app-academy
"I'm switching over careers from a completely non-technical field to software development, and I couldn't have picked a better bootcamp to help me through this transition. Although I just graduated, I can say that in just the past 4 months I have learned... Read More a myriad of languages, technologies, and frameworks that I never would've imagined I could. App Academy's curriculum is prepared in a way that regardless of your technical background, you learn so so much in such little time and learn enough to compete with other aspiring software developers with university degrees in computer science. The only thing I wish App Academy did differently is to advertise themselves clearly as web development since thats basically what the curriculum is centered around. I can make a full-stack web application now, but not much more than that. Either way, I am super grateful to be able to have attended App Academy and would highly recommend this bootcamp over others to anyone who asks!Read Less",app-academy
"Yes, there are articles coming up all the time criticizing App Academy's pricing plans and now freely available curriculum, but you will not find another group of dedicated instructors when you choose to take the plunge. They also help you all the way... Read More with admission advisors the very same day you submit the first admission form.Yes, a lot of the concepts can be learned by yourself with hours pouring over Wikipedia, Stack Overflow, and elsewhere, but the greatest value to the intensive and immersive 16-week journey is not only the opportunity to have a glance at tech industry culture through the curriculum path and curated lectures, but the challenge at your fingertips everyday in pairing with another cohort mate to solve nontrivial projects and problem sets to actively mold into and further change the culture yourself.App Academy is truly the one-stop-shop from beginning Ruby lessons to the job coaching that guides you the whole way after the 16-week course until you get your offer letters. Yes, you very well could go the route of learning JavaScript by yourself or maybe C by yourself, but everyone in App Academy upholds their standard everyday and provide living breathing proof that their techniques work, through their connections with tech companies all across the country and the regular alumni panels that return to talk to share their success with current students and encourage them on their way.If you've stuck with me and read this far, start the application process and have a go at the webcam coding challenge. If you blow them away with no raise in heart rate then yes maybe this bootcamp is not for you. However, if you fall in love with Alvin's lessons and through intense study and dedication pass this first hurdle (an accomplishment you are reminded of even up to the final week of class), you will not be disappointed with the adventure set before you.Thank you again to every single instructor and coach that guided my cohort and never quit on any one of us.Read Less",app-academy
"I cannot express enough how much I enjoyed this program. The instructors and staff are all supportive, intelligent people that are able to cram a large amount of information into a relatively small amount of time while still making the lessons enjoyable... Read More and understandable. Unfortunately due to the Covid-19 outbreak, my cohort was forced to take the classes online, but even this wasn't unmanageable thanks to the efforts of App Academy. One thing to mention is that if the job fairs App Academy normally works with are extremely important to you, I would wait until quarantine measures are no longer in place.That being said, the teachers and staff can only do so much. If you intend to apply to App Academy, be prepared to put your life on hold for several months. The coursework is rigorous and often overwhelming. If you fall behind too much you may not have the time to catch up with everyone else again, even with the help and resources provided. Do not ever grow complacent about the work. Overall if you think you can handle the bootcamp experience and are passionate about learning, I highly recommend App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy's curriculum is well designed and really reinforces fundamentals so every new lesson is built on what you have learned. By no means is it easy and you will definitely have to put in the work, but you are offered lots of help and resources... Read More from the TA's, fellow cohort-mates, and through additional readings. A majority of most days is filled with pair programming, which I really came to enjoy and realize its usefulness. However, there are only a handful of days where you get to tackle projects on your own, which I did not like, but that is merely my preference. After the curriculum, I feel that App Academy provided me the tools and fundamentals needed to further my programming skills and create full-stack web applications. Being a bootcamp that is only a few months long, I feel they do a great job in transitioning anyone, who is willing to put in the work, into a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, I had a great and rewarding experience at App Academy. They do not exaggerate the amount of work required to complete the course (often between 70 and 90 hrs a week), and the new material just does not stop coming. That said, a/A and particularly... Read More the instructors clearly want all the students to succeed, and the readings, homework, projects and lectures are all geared to make sure you hit the necessary benchmarks during the course. The general structure of regular assessments with severe consequences (can lead to being kicked out of the course) adds a significant amount of stress for students. While I understand the reasoning for this from App Academy's perspective, and believe that it is an overall positive, it can lead to a sense at points that instructors are ""teaching to the test"". While the pace of the bootcamp is very rapid, the structure of the course materials and projects means that you'll end up working over the same concepts multiple times after their initial introduction, the end result of which is that App Academy will teach you a huge amount of skills in a relatively short period of time. My cohort at App Academy was originally intended to be in person, but ended up being entirely remote due to COVID-19. I don't believe this had a large impact on the skills I've learned in the course, and the instructional team did a great job of adapting to a life on Zoom for the duration of the course. That said, you definitely lose a lot of the social aspects of an intensive bootcamp with the remote setup. Finally, I'm just entering the job search currently, so can't speak much to the support App Academy will provide during this period.  The job search material covered has been helpful and informative, but this final portion of the curriculum has felt more disorganized and has not inspired the confidence in this transition to job hunting that I had hoped for given the way the majority of the bootcamp was run. Overall, if you are looking to jump start a career as a software engineer, I would absolutely recommend App Academy -- just make sure that your expectations for workload and result are set correctly.Read Less",app-academy
"Be prepared to spend up to 90+ hours because App Academy is a very rigorous course because if you don't, you will struggle a lot.You expected to read/learn material ahead of the next day, so that you are able to do the projects. They also have assessments... Read More that you are expected to study, which if you fail twice, you will be asked to leave the course. However, they do provide a lot of material to prepare, so as long as you study the material, you should be able to pass all the assessment. Once all of the assessments all done, you get to make your own websites using what you have learn over the course. The course does a good job teaching you how to apply these skills on your own project, so the course does pay off once you reach to this part of the course.Although App Academy is a pretty great course, I feel like some parts of course should be expanded upon as I felt like they were just barely a footnote.Overall, as you long as you are willing to commit your time to start a career on software engineering, I would recommend you join App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"I was hesitating in the beginning if I should join or not because of the COVID situation. I wanted to join an in-person course and I knew it was not going to happen for a while. I was not sure if the school was fully prepared to change the course to fully... Read More online. Well, they made an amazing job with that! This was my first online school experience and I have to admit that everything was well managed. The only frustrating thing is that we paid the same amount even though we did not use any equipment from the school and the online courses are usually less expensive.When they say you gonna be studying 80-100 hours a week they are right! After a day full of lectures and pair programming you will need to work on your homework, which takes between 1 and 4 hours to complete. Don’t except anybody to do the hard work instead of you.The instructors are amazing and are always ready to help! Many times they answered our questions late night or during the weekend as well which is really cool.The strike system is extremely annoying! You need to press buttons on an online surface indicating that you are working. If you get enough strikes, you are out! Many times I missed the 5-10 minutes “button pressing window” because I was working on a project and I forgot. For me this is complete nonsense.Overall it was a great experience! I did not have any previous coding experience when I applied to the course. Now, I am about to graduate and I am satisfied with the progress I have made thanks to aA! I don’t think it is extremely hard to get accepted and to graduate but it is almost impossible to get all the knowledge they are trying to provide. You are going to get a lot of material in a short amount of time and it is going to feel like drinking from the fire hose. It only depends on you how much you get from it!Read Less",app-academy
"Overall this program is it rigorous and does teaches you to code. If that is your goal and you have a solid internal support network, I'd recommend. The program lacks representation of womxn, POC, and other minority groups. Also in my cohort, these marginalized... Read More groups left the program at a higher rate. Please note - this does wear on your mental health as it is a very high pressure environment. There are 6 assessments, failing 2 will get you kicked out. There is a strike system for attendance and daily reports. Too many strikes and you're kicked out. Day to day you'll mostly be pair programming and working on projects with a partner. There is homework every night which can take anywhere from 30 minutes to 4-5 hours. After a long day of work, you have more work. You can pay all tuition upfront, all when you have a job, or a split. If you do not pay all upfront (most people do not) there is another strike system to prove you're looking for jobs appropriately. Similar to above, too many strikes and you'll owe them the unpaid amount. Honestly, this is good. It aligns incentives, holds you accountable, and gives you support.Read Less",app-academy
"Once cover hit I was very unsure about a lot of things, I was unsure if this program would even continue but I can truly say I'm very happy it did. My time at App Academy couldn't have come at a better time. I have one week left in the bootcamp and can... Read More proudly say that I'm a software developer. This bootcamp is difficult, you will struggle, you willl be stressed, you will be exhausted physically and mentally... but you will be a much better developer because of it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is going to be tough, as it is a very fast paced full time program. On top of the fast pace, there will be about 6 assessments spread out during the first 12 weeks of the program. Failing two will get you kicked out. If you're worried by any... Read More of these things, don't be. Despite the pacing of the curriculum, and the graded assessments, App Academy and their instructors make sure to teach you everything you need to ensure your success. I would highly recommend App Academy to anyone who is dedicated to the grind.Read Less",app-academy
"They repeatedly mentioned that the curriculum is like drinking from a firehouse-- they were not wrong, it was grueling and they cram what feels like years worth of material in mere weeks. Do not take it lightly and be prepared to devote everything you... Read More have for the long haul. The field of software development is an entire universe you could travel through your whole life and still not have touched everything. a/A's curriculum does a great job of navigating you through that universe and giving you a core understanding which can/must be built on. Bottom line: four months ago I didn't know what web development was, today I can actually build a website from scratch using in demand technologies.Also curriculum aside be aware that they are very demanding when it comes to feedback on your end. Expect to fill out reports for how things went/are going every. single. damn. day. This sucked and was probably my least favorite part of the course. Also for what it is worth the company compass is pointed progressive/politically correct with a silent but strong undertow of legal conservatism.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an incredibly rigorous, full-time software engineering bootcamp which will challenge you to get projects done you never would have dreamed of before. Each day begins with a structured lesson and then everyone diverges into pair programming.... Read More The program really emphasizes pair programming, where every 15 minutes you and your randomly assigned partner switch between a driver and a navigator role. I found this technique to not always be conducive to my learning when I was working with someone of a different ability. This was often a strength, though, as it forces you to explain difficult concepts to someone who might not have understood the material as well as you.	The amount that you learn in the 16 weeks is pretty staggering. When you enter the program you are expected to solve some pretty basic algorithms, but upon leaving, you are completely ready to develop your own full-stack web application. The program was initially slated to begin in person and we were one of the first cohorts to go through completely online. The course took place over Zoom, and I think that the staff did a very good job of replicating what it would be like to be in person. The Zoom room was open 24/7, giving a space to meet with your peers after hours.	Overall I had a really good experience with the program, but there are definitely a few things that are covered briefly or barely touched upon that I will need to independently learn after my time here. I'm about to begin my job search, and although I’m scared to apply my new skills in the real world, I believe that App Academy gave me a good foundation for what it will take.Read Less",app-academy
"My time at App Academy was overall very pleasant. My instructors were amazing. They were really chill, knowledgeable, and their support is one of the things I will always speak highly of. I was hoping to do that Bootcamp in person, but the experience... Read More of doing it fully remote was also amazing. Overall, if I went back in time, I'd still do it all over again. I had such an amazing experience and would recommend App Academy based off of that. It's hard of course but worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"I fell for this bs. My fault. But they lay a very attractive trap. Would like to watch pre-recorded videos and then have some non-pro just repeat it the next day at you? Would like to learn on your own, be given the false idea that you have TA's available... Read More at the for an average of a minute-per-day, and then pay us $28,000.00 for it? Be very WARY of the 'do not pay until hired'; they will harass you day in, day out, if you are not 'making good progress' towards getting that impossible rookie job, and then give you claims for money you have not earned under the guise of 'well, you didn't make enough effort!'...Be smart. Save your hard-earned money and learn on your own. If you are truly motivated you can find great free help online!Stay away from these thieves!Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:- App Academy really can turn any person that gives the effort, into a software engineer- Broad amount of topics including: TDD, scalability, algorithms, OOP, coding style, REST, security, single-page apps, and web development best practices- Incredible... Read More instructor support throughout the course. Each cohort has an instructional team that can answer questions every day 1 on 1- Lifetime access to curriculum- Huge network of App Academy Alumni post graduation- Definitive structure to organize your path to becoming a software engineerCons:- App Academy teaches a lot of material within the 6 months, so it takes all of your time (I spent ~ 80 hrs a week) and it was definitely stressful at times- My cohort was the first cohort to complete the new Javascript/Python curriculum. At times it was disorganized, but I do know our feedback has helped them correct some of these issuesOverall I would definitely recommend App Academy. If you're willing to put in the work it is going to be one of the best decisions of your life.Read Less",app-academy
"*Your one-stop for the all the facts as of 2020*The pros of App Academy are:- Only students that can withstand the initial rigor will be accepted (a/A claims about 4-5% acceptance rate).- There are many many success stories after graduation (a/A claims... Read More about 90-95% job placement rate).- They actually provide real career coaching and job seeking guidance and it's part of the curriculum as opposed to being something optional.- Their ISA or Income Share Agreement is a 100% winner, which means you don't pay upfront until after you get a Software Engineering job making at least over $50,000 and even then you pay them back in reasonable payment installments over the next 3 years.- They have an online full-time program available so it's remote and flexible besides their in-person programs in SF and NY.- Their culture and environment is inclusive and diverse and they allow for daily feedback, reports, and criticisms.- You get to learn JavaScript, React, Node.js, Express, SQL, Python and Flask for the online curriculum.- You get to make some good connections with some good instructors and some good career coaches.- Their daily and entire structure, discipline and testing is both intense, demanding which is beneficial to keep you focused and on-track and yet surprisingly flexible for the online program. You have freedom to breathe and structure yourself as well.- It is arguably the # 1 coding bootcamp -- according to stats by a/A) -- and for the reasons I mentioned above.The cons of App Academy are:- If you opt for the ISA then you do have to pay them back $31,000 total at the most, which is definitely overpriced (but with a SWE or Software Engineer's salary it is easy to pay off I guess).- As of 2020 for the online program, the curriculum needs serious revising and oversight. In the readings, there are numerous typos, grammatical errors, misleading statements that confuse the amateur, and also inaccurate coding instructions in projects that derail students and waste a lot of precious time. There are usually better outside sources that teach the same topic better. It is not exactly the same curriculum as their successful in-person curriculum model at SF and NY. Throughout the 6 months of the online full-time course, they were slow to revise, update, change, correct video, reading, exercises material and resources.- Not all of their instructors and career coaches are competent for the job (at least for the online program I attended). Some lack in expertise of subject-matter. Those that are proficient in subject matter are either deficient in teaching skills or completely do not know how to teach effectively (this is coming from a former teacher at all levels and a world-class curriculum developer). Their hiring team is questionable since they are behind hiring their TAs, instructors and coaches for the reasons just stated.- They do not offer an official piece of paper (if that matters to anyone) such as a diploma, certificate as-of-to-date. I'm also not sure about academic credits, you should ask them. They might incorporate this in the future.- You will not at all be ready when you graduate (if you are coming from a non-CS and non-tech background). You have to put in the smart and hard work and discipline yourself after graduation for a few more months to reach a level of adequacy as a Web Developer/Coder (let alone a Software Engineer). Going through the program will not do that for you (again if you are coming from a non-CS and non-tech background). I feel like this definitely could be remedied with better curriculum development (emphasis on depth of knowledge rather than breadth like replacing the time and effort to learn some extraneous techs with more emphasis on constructing more projects and polishing them up and learning one tech stack really well since the rest can be self-taught) and to get a better hiring team to get real teachers in there, but alas! My valuable counsel has been ignored as far as I'm concerned.- You will have to pay them back even if you don't land a coding/web development/software engineering job with the conditions above.- The language in their legal contract before you are accepted is extremely skewed in their favor and oppressive, so if enough students voice their concerns and demand slight changes this will be better in terms of fairness.Read Less",app-academy
"I had an awesome time at App Academy learning everything from square one. I honestly struggled with the concepts of programming. I went through a number of online platforms to learn JavaScript such as Code Academy, Udemy, Udacity and no one taught JavaScript... Read More as well as App Academy did. There were some rough spots with Redux, but the instructors did their best to fill in the gaps that App Academy's curriculum lacked. And I can honestly say now that I love Redux. Overall, I loved the experience. I really enjoyed working with my cohorts and the instructors that were given to us.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum at App Academy is well designed, offering repeated exposure to the same concept in different ways. So if you don't understand it the first time, you'll get it the second. It also challenges the student to think deeply about the subject... Read More material, imparting a deep level of understanding of not just coding but computer science concepts.With that being said, I think their online materials/readings needs definite improvement, as some of the material is outdated and written poorly. Their job search curriculum seems to be very good (I will update this review upon finding a job). Just be sure to read ALL the fine print closely because there are some nuances to their pricing model and certain rules must be followed.Also, they only offered a $100 ""gift"" when they switched the entire in-person cohort to remote instruction due to coronavirus. They should have offered more, as some people paid upfront for an in-person experience.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, I'm happy with my decision to go to app academy. The instructors are knowledgeable and the coursework and projects were aimed at understanding and developing coding skills. It was a challenging program, but doable. cons: their curriculum needs... Read More to be updated, and their corporate response to COVID 19 left a lot to be desired.Read Less",app-academy
"I’ll start by saying how much the instructors clearly care about the process. Every instructor has been through a/A themselves and it clearly shows in their passion and ability to teach the material. The instructors were hands down the best part about... Read More App Academy.The curriculum could use some updating to more in-demand technologies (I know they’re working on incorporating Python), but for the most part it was good, and you retain access to it indefinitely. It does drop off in quality towards the end of the instructional period and in the JavaScript portion specifically, but probably only drops as far as a ⅗ star score in some places in my opinion.The job search curriculum is pretty good. If you’ve been through anything like it before, it’s an above average placement program. If it's your first exposure to legit job-coaching, it would be very valuable.Read Less",app-academy
"Eat, Sleep, Code, rinse and repeat. They call this a bootcamp for a reason. It is super fast paced with a lot of material and very little time. Expect to spend 100+ hours per week learning and studying, where hobbies are set aside, weekends no longer... Read More exist and friends may think you fell off the face of the earth. There will be sweat and there will be tears. With that being said, this is very possible if you put in the required time and effort and after 16 weeks, you will come out with a new hobby (if it wasn't so already), a new network of friends and comrades, and brand new career. Pros: Knowledgeable and supportive staff.Cons: Some materials could use an occasional follow up or update.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a very balanced program as not only does it emphasize on improving your technical proficiency, but also makes sure you are prepared to work with fellow programmers in a collaborative professional environment. The projects and exams are... Read More generally good measures of your proficiency and while you may feel like you are drowning at times, don't worry, the TAs, your cohort mates, and your assigned circle leaders are there as guard rails to remind you to take care of your health, both physical and mental. Unfortunately, my cohort was remote for the majority of the bootcamp due to COVID-19, however the staff at App Academy moved quickly and efficiently to onboard us for remote learning. I would definitely recommend this bootcamp to anyone who wants to start a career in software development.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a very balanced program as not only does it emphasize on improving your technical proficiency, but also makes sure you are prepared to work with fellow programmers in a collaborative professional environment. The projects and exams are... Read More generally good measures of your proficiency and while you may feel like you are drowning at times, don't worry, the TAs, your cohort mates, and your assigned circle leaders are there as guard rails to remind you to take care of your health, both physical and mental. Unfortunately, my cohort was remote for the majority of the bootcamp due to COVID-19, however the staff at App Academy moved quickly and efficiently to onboard us for remote learning. I would definitely recommend this bootcamp to anyone who wants to start a career in software development.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy is a super intense program. You learn a lot not just about programming, but also all of the things that go into becoming a software engineer. In this respect, it gives students invaluable information that you would not typically get from a... Read More Computer Science degree. All of the instructors are really nice and supportive, and they are careful to pick students who are very motivated a bright, so the atmosphere is great. The only area for improvement would be the curriculum. The material that is there is good, but it could use some updating.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy has been an amazing experience. App Academy’s effective selection process filled my cohort with passionate people that take coding seriously. This made learning a blast, as everyone I got teamed up with were really friendly and great... Read More to work with.Read Less",app-academy
overall a/A was great. i learned a ton and met really great people. it is incredibly fast paced so it is not an ideal fit for everyone. the staff is really knowledgable and seem to really care about your success in the tech industry. the last 3 weeks... Read More could use a little bit of adjustment when it comes to how hands off they are at that point. In the end i would absolutely do the course all over again!Read Less,app-academy
"Before signing up for App Academy, I did a good amount of research among all different coding bootcamps and everyone seemed to agree App Academy was one of the best. They were not wrong. If you're considering applying for this program, you will need to... Read More give up most of your time and prioritize this program before anything else. You will spend at least 80 hours per week studying and working on projects. It is all worth it at the end but can also very overwhelming if you don't know what you're getting into. You don't need any prior experience to enter App Academy but def previous knowledge will help you onboard faster. My advice is to spend as much time as possible before the bootcamp starts reinforcing some of the key concepts. You will not have a lot of free time once the bootcamp begins!The first few weeks are really intensive and you will have to digest a lot of new information. I believe the key is to always keep an eye in the big picture. You don't need to fully understand every single algorithm and detail. This will come later.I also strongly recommend you don't fall behind the program. Do your homework and assignments every day (catching up is extremely hard). Now that the bootcamp is almost over I am looking forward to my next step in the process: finding a job! App Academy provides numerous resources to help you achieve this.Read Less",app-academy
"After many months of trying to find work after a cross-country move to SF, I decided to take a gamble and try my hand at a coding bootcamp. I choose App Academy after seeing that it had a very high job placement rate after graduation, and it covered the... Read More most material out of all the bootcamps I had my eye on. Going through the course was challenging - far more than my previous experience at college. However, all the hard work was more than worth it; I feel so much more prepared to enter the workforce now along with being much more prepared for the application process. If you are looking for a great coding bootcamp, I would highly recommend App Academy!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy definitely is not for the lazy or unmotivated individual. The rigorous 1000-hour course demands attention, focus, and dedication. However, if you put in the work and time, this bootcamp is completely doable and gives you all the materials... Read More you need to succeed. The pace is slower during the first ten or so weeks, but really ramps up afterwards. The latter half of the bootcamp really requires you to buckle up and self-teach a lot more, as the curriculum is not as polished as the first half.Read Less",app-academy
"Joining App Academy was one of the best decision I have made in my life! When I first heard about App Academy, it was hard to believe that the curriculum would require 80-100 hours per week of studying, which is definitely TRUE! During those 16 weeks... Read More of your life, you got be able to talk and breath programming. My experience at a/A was just amazing, it taught me more than I could of ever learned on my own. Lastly, it is doable, if you have the want to become a Software Engineer, highly recommended.Read Less",app-academy
"Coming from a STEM but non-CS background and having prior self-taught experience in web development, I was sincerely surprised by how much there is still to learn throughout the cohort. We learnt “talking code” through the pair programming sessions, mastered... Read More every aspect of the production side of programming (building projects, testing) and also the theoretical side (algorithms, data structures). All of which are structured and provided with support to us during the curriculum.I could whole-heartily recommend anyone out there that wants to step their foot in the software industry to give App Academy a shot. But make sure that before enrolling in this awesome and incredibly supportive family of instructors, TAs, job coaches, and your best resource - classmates, that this is a bootcamp rather than a regular degree you’re signing up for. Given the rigorous amount of classwork and the incredibly short timeframe. You would have to bring sufficient efforts and motivation, and also prove that you are worth offering this wonderful chance of learning. And even by graduation, what awaits is not just a thin piece of paper validating whatever we have done, but what we are equipped with: tools, mindset, and everything we need to plunge through this never ending learning journey of being a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"Coming in from a non-technical background I didn’t know what to expect but I was shocked at how much I was able to learn over the course of just a few months. The curriculum was well balanced and the culture was friendly and uplifting. The resources were... Read More abundant and while the learning material could get overwhelming sometimes, we were encouraged to reach out to our circle leaders for help and general support. The instructors themselves were helpful and devoted to our success which was a big part of my enjoyment of this course. As my cohort started around the time states were shutting down, we only had two weeks of in-person learning, but their response to the shut-down was prompt and well thought-out so I did not feel robbed of the learning experience at all. Overall, the course is a great way to learn, but the pace and intensity may not be for everyone.Read Less",app-academy
"My time at App Academy was overall very pleasant. My cohort started just as coronavirus started to spread and we were only able to be in person for two weeks before we were forced into remote learning for the remainder of my time. While it was not the... Read More experience I had signed up for, I was still able to learn effectively and the staff really did their best to still keep the in person spirit alive. However, there were still a lot of uncertainty and change throughout my time that made it hard to get comfortable and fully focus on learning.The course itself is very fair and App Academy sets you up to succeed as long as you put in the effort. Both the assessments and solo projects are fair and you’re provided with all of the resources to excel. You should, however, expect all of your time to go to either learning the material, or if you have extra time, to learn other topics on your own as there are some gaps in learning that bootcamps in general can’t really cover due to their short duration. That being said, the curriculum can definitely stand on its own and its crazy how fast you go from knowing nothing to building large scale websites in almost no time. The curriculum is very thorough for most of the course, although some of the lessons in the last part could use an update. Overall, I feel like I got the most out of App Academy and I feel ready to succeed, and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to start a career in software development.Read Less",app-academy
"Honestly, it's not as hard as everyone makes it sound. Yes, you do have to put in work, but you will do great if you aren't lazy. They literally give you EVERYTHING that you need to succeed in the bootcamp. This has been the most beneficial experience... Read More I have ever had. You learn at an outstanding rate, and the TAs really care about your success. After you are done with the bootcamp, you definitely feel job ready and feel like you can learn anything. The assessments aren't hard. They give you a practice assessment that is almost identical to the actual assessment, so don't let that turn you away. The big class sizes are NEVER an issue. I actually ended up liking the class size a lot because it gives you the opportunity to pair program with many different personalities. The worst thing about the bootcamp is CSS because it almost feel neglected, but honestly if you watch like 3-5 YouTube videos on it you will be good. Overall, there is absolutely no reason why you shouldn't come here if it is an option. Try your very best to get in because it's worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"Going to App Academy was a great experience, however it has it's ups and downs.The staff is composed with amazing TAs, they are very approachable and friendly, and you can relate to them, because most of them experienced going through the curriculum.... Read More Some projects were great to work on, others had some unclear instructions, however, you could always ask questions and the staff would gladly help you.The only complaint I would have is with the final project we had to submit, they could provide us with more information on setup, materials to reference, etc.Overall: prepare yourself for exhausting 4 months, but keep in mind it is rewarding. The amount of information you learn is insane, and really makes you feel proud of what you've done.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy is no joke when it comes in terms of workload and material that that it expects its students to learn. That being said App Academy does its best to provide you with the tools for success if you're looking to make the switch to software engineering.... Read More The culture at App Academy is definitely a great one and there was good camaraderie among my cohort mates and the instructors. Coming from a non-technical background I felt that this program would be impossible but if you're willing to dedicate yourself than you will come out with learning how to do something that you didn't think was possible.Read Less,app-academy
"This program is no joke. If you want to learn everything you need to get started as a software developer with help from a number of staff who have been in your shoes before and classmates who are constantly there to support you this is it. This is a fantastic... Read More opportunity but it is not one you can take lightly. You have to plan to work HARD spending 12+ hours a day, including weekends, just trying to keep up with the curriculum (its called a bootcamp for a reason). Of course the experience and amount of effort needed may vary depending on how much you've learned ahead of time but simply knowing a language or two will not get you far and i'm speaking from experience as someone who studied Ruby HTML/CSS and Javascript ahead thinking it would help me through the program. It did... For maybe 2 weeks and a few days scattered throughout the 16 week long program.Its a tough program for sure but if you devote all of your time and energy to it from start to finish you come out feeling fantastic with a strong support system of friends and staff who are all helping you to start your new career path as a software developer. So be ready.Read Less",app-academy
"Coming from a non-technical background and going through the fullstack ""in-person"" curriculum, I can say that I know so much more than I did at the beginning of the course. The speed at which I learned and level of understanding I achieved would definitely... Read More not have been possible without the help of the instructors and the assessments. Instructors were quick to answer questions during the course (less so during the project phase, but that's part of the curriculum design) and their explanations were always fantastic. My biggest complaint is on the curriculum design because some parts of it were a little confusing or outdated. To my knowledge, they are working on a course redesign and I have faith that future classes will have the best materials. In the times when the projects/instructions were unclear or confusing, you really had to pick up the slack, work twice as hard, and learn to be self-reliant. As to the hours and course load, I thought that the second half of the course was significantly faster than the first half. Some concepts in the first half of the course took a week or more to learn, but most concepts in the second half were given maybe 2-3 days at most. That threw me off, and initially I disliked it tremendously and was prepared to voice my concern. However, having gone through those sped-up portions, I can say that in hindsight, I saw why the pace was as it was. What you learn in the last 2 weeks of the course is comparable to first 6-7 weeks combined. It's quick, but you come out of it feeling like ""wow I didn't know I could do that"". Overall, I would recommend the program for those looking for a career change, but only if you are self motivated and willing to put in the effort to go far outside the scope of the class curriculum.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was probably the best decision I ever made. I really wanted to learn how to code, and was unsure of what was the right move for me. There are a ton of coding boot camps out there, especially ones where recruiters will consistently try to rope... Read More you in. No, not App Academy; their acceptance rate is really low and to get in is a privilege.While studying for App Academy (their jump start program - which was free); I learned a lot about programming. Within two weeks, I knew how to code in Ruby and solve algorithm problems! I was really excited to find out about all that I would learn (if and) when I got in. Fast forward through the smooth-sailing admissions process, I entered App Academy on my first day and met a lot of great people who later became some of my closest friends! I did not realize how hard, and intense the program would be. There were times where I wondered if I could keep up and make it through the program (there definitely were people who got dropped - and I think it's because they didn't take it as seriously, not because they were lacking the smarts) but the teachers and my fellow peers were extremely supportive. You never realize how much you could learn, and App Academy fosters the right culture and environment for that.I would say that the only drawback was that sometimes the curriculum seemed a bit outdated, and the instructions weren't as clear. But even with those kinks, we learned how to work around this which challenged us as developers (to find solutions when we were unsure of what to do). Anyway, I would say moving towards the end, you will find yourself feeling like a brand new person. The alumni community is great - people who have graduated from here will talk to you on LinkedIn. There is a sense of pride and community amongst the AA grads :)Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy teaches you how to understand codes in the minimal time possible. This means that they don't offer the theory that you learn if you study Computer Science in college.But, tell you what, everyone who made it out of App Academy bootcamp is now... Read More a Software Engineer.Due to the pandemic situation, my cohort only experienced the on-campus experience for ONLY 2 weeks and completed the rest of the program remotely online.Read Less",app-academy
"I really love my experience at App Academy because I learned so much about building full-stack applications. You'll come out of App Academy building 3 projects (2 Full Stack Projects and 1 Javascript Project). The TAs leading it are amazing, and they'll... Read More stick with you for as long as possible to help out.Read Less",app-academy
"On the first week of class a TA said it was going to be like drinking out of a fire hose... that TA was correct. I learned an incredible amount in a short period of time and met some really amazing people. Their staff is very good - from lectures to job... Read More support. The curriculum does need to be updated and we need up being remote most of the cohort due to coronavirus so well have to see how that affects job prospects. I was not super impressed with the totality of their handling of the pandemic restrictions but I did think their immediate response was good. Positives - great staff, great lectures.Negatives - some of the materials were dated or unclear. Going remote made me feel like I lost a lot of the experience. AA gave us a $100 to compensate which wasn't even 1% of what I paid to be there.I would give the program an 8/10Read Less",app-academy
"AA has taught me in-depth mostly everything i need to know about how to develop a full-stack single page web application, and the material is structured in a way that really made sense to meOn top of that, the instructors are all very willing to help,... Read More and they do a good job of screening other friendly cohort mates. Everyone I've worked here at AA is so nice.I graduate from AA at the end of May currently still on the job market, but given what AA has taught me, I am confident I'll be able to find a job in the tech.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy was very stressful, but definitely a wonderful opportunity to learn. I did the online program, and at times it seems like an afterthought.Pros: You learn a lot, can end up meeting lots of cool new people from diverse backgrounds... Read MoreCons: Stress can get to you, there isn't a great support system for studentsRead Less",app-academy
"I'll start by pointing out that without App Academy's tuition deferment program, it would not have been possible for me to take this course. That is the first huge win for App Academy over other programs. The second big win is their online program. I... Read More don't live in San Francisco or New York. I don't live in a town where there are any coding bootcamps, as a matter of fact. So if it weren't for the online, again, I would have not been able to take the course. It has been incredibly stressful and it only got more stressful as the months rolled on. But if you try as hard as you can, you can get through it. You just can't give up. The course itself teaches you a lot of really marketable skills and I think they do a really good job of teaching those skills. Is it perfect? No. At this point it is hard to look at my own criticism and know whether it is valuable or just the product of my 6 month long high stress level. I guess if I don't get hired, it will probably validate those criticisms, but as I go on linkedin and see all of the a/A grads getting hired, it seems like if you follow the steps and commit yourself, that you will be rewarded. I think it is a very valuable course and I highly recommend it.Read Less",app-academy
"I joined App Academy with very high expectations of what the curriculum, staff, and program would be. I was disappointed at every turn. Time and time again, a/A staff proved to be highly disconnected with each other, and there was a deep sense of disorganization.... Read More (One eg: for about a month my instructor (someone who'd graduated from a/A 1 year prior, with no other software dev experience) actively wrote the day by day curriculum that we were actually taking.) Having attended the online curriculum, I can only speak to that: there were few to no attempts made by staff in order to foster a sense of community among the cohort, even as they spoke of such measures being undertaken (in an official capacity) in the in-person cohorts.These faults (among others) might be admissible if the curriculum was very strong. The fact of the matter is that the written material for the Ruby course (still as of this writing freely available through a/A Online) is an amazingly written curriculum. The JavaScript portions (over half of the material), however, were a far cry from this standard. It was evident the material had not been updated, in some cases, for years. One of the things I truly disliked about going through a/A was that there were several times where I asked my instructor for help with a problem given in the curriculum, and they were unwilling (in one case) or unable (in another two cases) to help me. Now, I can't really fault someone who is out of school for a year, and who doesn't have any real life experience whatsoever to not know the intricacies of what I was asking (which at least in one case went above and beyond the curriculum), but I found it egregious that there was no system of escalation in place. Was there really no technical instructor in a/A's roster that could take some minutes to walk through an implementation of Knuth's Algorithm X?These are only a couple of the gripes that I had with the system. They had feedback tools available, which I used in order to tell them about all of these incidents in turn, as they happened. I never once saw resolution, and no one ever reached back out to me about my issues. It seems to me that this shows a/A is simply very disorganized at a very high level, in need of some serious reshuffling of priorities.As I write, my cohort is graduating in 2 days and we are starting the job search portion of the program. I have hopes for this portion still, because I figure that getting me a job is really a/A's core business, far and away from teaching me to code. However, all remains to be seen.Read Less",app-academy
"All the reviews I read online about App Academy said it was going to be intense, and they were not wrong! I was a complete newbie to the developing world when I started the App Academy journey. It meant that I had to stay on top of the reading materials... Read More and homework every single day (including weekends). It is a rigorous program and there is no time for you to stop and take a breather. You just have to keep going. But at the end I realize there is a method to this madness. Concepts did become clearer as I moved on. The teachers in my cohort were very supportive throughout the whole program. There was no question too small or too big. They were always ready to answer any questions or discuss any issues I brought up. The pair-programming part of the curriculum is also a crucial part of the students' success. Once you're done with this program, you know how to explain your code and communicate with your peers really well. I highly recommend App Academy to anyone who is interested in software developing and is ready to dedicate themselves to learning in an intensive environment.Read Less",app-academy
"I received my BS and MS degrees in the sciences, so I was someone who have never touched or even really seen a line of code. I was working in the science industry, really doing well, and hadn't really thought about career change. The world of software... Read More development wasn't something I had ever thought about it. While I enjoyed my job, I was getting bored. Somehow I started to review some YouTube videos/ read articles related to software development. It was then I started to code. I found coding enjoyable, but challenging. I researched many bootcamps. I finally decided to apply to App Academy and got admitted. I had read many reviews of App Academy , so I was aware that it was going to be intense. While I was prepared, I was still surprised by the amount of material and work we covered every single day. I studied nearly 12 hours every day (some days even more!). While it was extremely tiring, I was really enjoying learning and understanding new concepts. It was even more rewarding when I was able to apply the things I had learned into my full stack projects. My instructors were really helpful and explained the concepts very well. The work was intense, but it was all worth it! This is definitely one of my most challenging, but rewarding experiences. I found the online class to be very beneficial to me. The instructors were available whenever I needed their help and the curriculum was organized really well.Read Less",app-academy
"The entire time at App Academy I felt like I was behind on all the material but that was because I was comparing my progress with others in my cohort which was a huge mistake. If I compare what I knew when I first started to what I know now that I'm at... Read More the finish line there is a huge gap. I would definitely recommend App Academy to anyone trying to get into the industry. The teachers are great, they are all extremely helpful and genuinely care about your success. The other students are even more so. Definitely worth the time and the effort!Read Less",app-academy
App Academy's program was one of the most challenging things I have personally done but I think it's all for good reasons. When I decided to make this big decision and pursue not only my passion to become a Software Engineer but also a better financial... Read More opportunity I knew it wouldn't be easy.Pros:- Peer programming really helps you work with others and explain your thoughts better- The curriculum and technologies were set up in a way to prepare you for building full stack projects- The Teachers and T/A's are all amazing programers who have their own skills and understand the workload- I've always felt like I was well supported- You build relationships with other students in your cohort through daily peer programing and group projects- At the end of the program you truly feel like a Software EngineerCons:- The program requires anywhere from 90 - 100 hours a week this often means even after class hours you will be spending time to make sure you understand the material so you don't get left behind. This is only a con because it can be really hard to adapt to this change and not get burnt out but as I said in the pros there will be support.- Some of the materials or readings need to be updated but since they are switching the whole curriculum up I'm sure this will be addressed.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy not only teaches you how to code, they teach you how to learn new technologies fast and adapt to them quickly. You will come out of their bootcamp knowing that you are now a Software Engineer. I personally loved my experience during the program,... Read More I started seeing the outcome results while working on my first Full Stack Project.Read Less",app-academy
Pros-- It is an overall pretty good curriculum-You are able to learn more languages/technologies than with most other bootcamps- i think is the best bootcamp out now- They prepare you to be able to build full stack apps cons--very fast paced/ time consuming... Read More-a bit priceyRead Less,app-academy
Pros: - Great instructors- Online program is very structured and in-depth- Intense but rewarding curriculum- Made many friends amongst my cohort :) Cons: - Too much reading / homework sometimes (pacing could have been better) - A lot of changes to the... Read More curriculum and job search process - More solo projects / work time would have been nice (over 90% pair programming)Read Less,app-academy
"The main benefit of going to App Academy is the rigor and accountability. You sign up for this bootcamp because you're ready to rock and super serious about getting a best-in-class curriculum to get your first engineering job.I was afraid the online program... Read More wouldn't be as valuable or effective as the in-person, but I ended up being very challenged and happy with my result. Just a few months after graduating, I got a backend software engineer position at a big tech company with a great compensation package.The TA's and instructor were super available and helpful throughout the program and my career coach was as hands on as I would like during the job search.Cons: Would have preferred more data structures and algorithms material. For our job search, I would have liked more of a focus on quality of applications (like securing referrals) than viewing it as a numbers game. Also would have liked more solo projects instead of constant pair programming.Pros: Really solid curriculum. I felt like I was a legit programmer after graduating. Was able to get to the final rounds with several reputable tech companies within the first few months of graduating. Really enjoyed the people. The intensity will up your game. The program attracts mostly high achievers.Read Less",app-academy
I had a really great time during my time at App Academy. The curriculum pushes you at speeds that allows you to learn a large amount of information in just a little bit of time. It was a struggle to keep up sometimes but by the end of it I felt as if... Read More I really was a software developer.Read Less,app-academy
Intense and worthwhile coursePros:- Curriculum attempts to keep up to date with the most useful technologies for current job search.- Cohorts are small enough that you can get the attention and help you may need when you're having trouble.- The TAs /... Read More instructors in our course were the kindest and most helpful and attentive staff my cohort had ever had the good fortune of meeting.Cons:- Some of the written course material/readings could use some updating/proofreading- *Do* expect to spend as much time per week on the coursework as most other reviews have said so^ But *do* remember you are not alone. Support and uplift each other in your cohort.Read Less,app-academy
"If you're genuinely interested in learning programming concepts and technologies, you'll probably like App Academy. I'm reviewing anonymously and only writing this one review because I don't need the free T-Shirt(a/A does NOT require you to write a good... Read More review) but there's a couple things I'd like people to know before choosing a/A.Pros: The curriculum is good because you learn a lot in a very short amount of time which proves to yourself that you're an adaptable problem solver which I think is the most important part of getting into this industry. The instructors are amazing(shoutout to Soon-Mi, Bryce Morgan, John-Michael Riley, you guys are the best), and I met a lot of really awesome people at a/A. Cons: Lectures could definitely be more interactive, a few people surprisingly got through admissions and weighed down classmates hard(If you actually did the prep-work before applying, don't worry, this probably won't be you), and new material towards the end was rushed. Is it possible to learn all of this on your own? Most definitely, but you have to be out of this world dedicated to learn it in a similar amount of time.Clearing up a Misconception: Not everyone will need to put 80+ hours a week, in fact, I might even say if you're the type of person that will go all-in for a short period of time, say just a few weeks, then completely burn out, this is not the proper strategy to getting the most out of a/A. I used to be one of those people, but I learned to have dedicated time away from work. I would either finish the homework as soon as class ended or finish it just before going to bed, and the rest of my time was spent with friends, family, or alone doing anything other than looking at programming. By doing this I was able to be fully rested everyday and managed to not only get through the material avoiding burnout, but retain most of the information. This approach may not be for everyone, but this was my experience so I think it's worth considering when imagining your time at a/A.Context: I'm definitely an outlier when it came to attending a/A, I started teaching myself programming since middle school and started a/A just a few days after turning 18. My prior experience barely helped me absorb the material better, and so long as you complete the prep-work, you'll be on track. I never went to college, didn't do amazing in highschool, and for those wondering, I did get a job as a SWE.Also, I can do all of the assessments in under 20 minutes so if anyone beats my times, congrats you deserve a cookie.Read Less",app-academy
"Applied to App Academy after spending about 7-8 weeks getting prepared for the admissions process.Pros:- Great curriculum and technologies- Relatively small classes so you won't have to wait more than a few minutes for assistance if you or your pair partner... Read More get stuck on something- Amazing staff (I can only speak for the cohort that I was in.) Our class unanimously loved our TAs and instructors since they would go above and beyond the written material to help us understand everything. Cons:- They told us to expect to spend 90-100 hours per week in order to succeed. This is not exaggerated at all and after speaking to other cohort members, there were many of us who would spend this much time minimum every week. I only list this as a con because it really does do a number on your mental state and body. You may get used to it a few weeks in but it is a tough course and exhaustion was commonplace. Know what you are getting into before you apply.Read Less",app-academy
"I loved app academy. At my time there we covered a lot of stuff very quickly, but with dedication I made it. I honestly believe that their base knowledge of computer science and the underlying understanding of how a language works is what got me my job.... Read More The way they made you understand stuff using a broad range of teaching mediums really helped me remember and understand the purpose of the languages themselves. It was very challenging (even after you graduate), but worth the high price tag.Read Less",app-academy
"I finished the App Academy Online Program recently. Here are my pros and cons:Pros:- Great technology selections. They did their research well, all the tech stacks they teach are very relevant to current tech job market.- Very tentative teaching environment.... Read More Instructors, TA's are all very responsive. You can always reach them and they are knowledgeable on the materials.- Great job search coaching. They set up your portfolio with tech relevant projects, help you with your resumé and interview questions. They also host job fairs from time to time.Cons:- Slightly light on the academy side. They breezed through Data Structures and Algorithms and provided resources if individual wants to learn more. But to be fair, given the program's duration, there's not enough time to stuff everything in.- More team building activities with classmates would be ideal.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended the 2nd (?) online cohort, and I was surprised by the great quality of the course. It may be possible that I was lucky with my TAs and classmates, but it felt like every encounter was meaningful and educational. While the job support was a... Read More bit more sparse, I was able to find a job really quickly (within a month after starting to apply), because I got very lucky. And I'm surprised by how much I learned and how I was able to jump into the job immediately.Read Less",app-academy
"Coming from a non-traditional background as a musician with no college degree or work experience, App Academy seemed too good to be true. I'd always been interested in tech, but could a bootcamp really take me from nothing to software developer in 6 months?... Read More The answer is... Yes! BUT you have to be ready to put in a tremendous amount of passion, dedication, time, and effort. There's no magic secret to App Academy... It's just a lot of hard work. No one can learn to code for you, and no one can get a job for you... That's all on you! But App Academy provides you with all the tools and support you need, and it was a truly life changing experience for me. The core curriculum (as it was when I attended) is incredible - I can't praise it enough. You don't just learn web development frameworks, you learn how they work under the hood. The TA's are always willing to help you when you run into issues, no matter how long it takes. And your fellow cohort mates will be fun to work with! A lot of students (including myself) were dubious of pair programming in the beginning... And although it's not perfect, the pros far outweigh the cons. Communicating your code to others is a make-or-break skill in the job search, and pair programming is a great way to develop that skill. Some days of pairing will be better than others, but that's just life haha. If you're worried about the workload, don't be. Well ok... maybe worry a little haha. App Academy will keep you busy all day, every day for the entirety of the program, weekends included. This is especially true if you're striving for a deep understanding of the material (which you should be!). But learning software development is a fun and rewarding process, and although the workload was immense, I found it enjoyable. There will be times when you feel overwhelmed, but there's a strangely satisfying feeling that comes from being thrashed day after day after day haha. I think the most difficult part is the end of the course when you're building your own projects. I'm a perfectionist, so I put a lot of pressure on myself, and worked very long hours. I had no school or prior experience, so I knew my portfolio would be a critical part in showing off my abilities as a developer. Once projects are completed, you will move into the job search, which is a completely different challenge. You have to balance sending out plenty of applications, preparing for interviews and continuing to learn and grow as a developer. You will be responsible for structuring your days and holding yourself accountable, and it's really easy to get lazy and unmotivated (I know I did), especially when your pipeline is empty. Also, don't expect your career coach to get you a job - there's only so much they can do. To give some detailed job search stats, I sent out a total of 333 applications, which resulted in 8 phone screens, 3 coding challenges, 2 on-sites, and 1 job. I was extremely fortunate.All in all, App Academy was an amazing experience. However, it seems like App Academy is growing and changing, as all companies do. I can't say for certain if the experience of future cohorts will be the same as mine. I know the curriculum has been completely overhauled, and I'm not sure I would call it an improvement, based on what I've seen. It'll be up to you to decide if App Academy is the right choice, but I'm happy to say that it worked out very well for me, as well as many students before me. If you've made the decision to become a software engineer, App Academy is definitely worth consideration!Read Less",app-academy
"The App Academy Bootcamp is a great place to learn web development. In my opinion, the program was well paced and adequately priced. The instructors in my cohort were extremely helpful and went above and beyond to help answer questions outside of the... Read More direct curriculum. I think the program prepared me with the necessary skills to enter the job search, though the continued help and opportunities after graduating did not live up to my experience during the bootcamp. To be fair however, I entered the job search directly before the coronavirus outbreak happened so that is a contributing factor to the difference in experience between job search and bootcamp instruction.Read Less",app-academy
Pros: Excellent instructors and TA's. Always willing and available to answer questions and or help with debugging. The curriculum is challenging and thorough so you know you have the skills to be a developer.Cons: Of of my career coaches left at the beginning... Read More of career quest which made for a rocky start to that segment.Read Less,app-academy
"It is definitely a very rewarding experience. I learnt so much in this 6 month journey, which I don't think I could have done in a year if on my own. However, the program is not for everyone. I read lots of reviews like 'prepare to spend 80 hrs+ per week'... Read More before joining a/A, and I thought it was exaggerated. It was NOT. I think I ended up spending average 90 hours per week. If I was not sleeping or eating, I was studying. I don't think I have ever done something like this in my life before, not even when preparing for the college entrance exam or GRE. Stay positive, take care of yourself and work really hard, that's how I made it through. If you are serious about changing your career, then give it a try!Read Less",app-academy
"As many have noted before me, the rigor of this program will demand a LOT from you. If you want any chance of passing this program, you must be prepared to work 14 hour days, no weekends, no side hustles, and no procrastinating. Trust me, I've tried to... Read More slack off and I've been burned every time. I've also noticed that the highest-performing students are also the ones who are incredibly proactive and have whittled their lives down to focus on this program. If you can't commit this much to the program, don't even apply; it'll be a waste of your time and resources for everyone. Nobody will hold your hand.BUT. If you are serious about making a change in your life and understand the value of this kind of bootcamp, then the windows of opportunity open to you will be numerous and wide, and the program will more than prepare you to handle those chances. The network and partnerships with companies that App Academy unlocks are worth the ticket price alone. The focus on constant pair-programming instills very important interpersonal skills that will make or break your chances at getting hired. This program is not for everybody. But if you're willing to put in the work, the reward is unquantifiable.Read Less",app-academy
"My experience at App Academy has been one of the most rewarding times of my life. The program can seem slightly overwhelming at times with the large amount of content. However, you'll be amazed by how much of the content you can retain. The instructors... Read More I've encountered at App Academy have been amazing and have really made the experience a 5-star one. Completing App Academy will make you confident in your ability to develop full-stack web applications, and also equip you with the ability to be comfortable pair programming with anyone. Highly recommend this program to anyone looking to make a career change.Read Less",app-academy
"The core curriculum in the online course was fantastic and the TAs were, for the most part, some of the best teachers I have ever had. I felt that pair programming was a great way to learn the material. However, the projects and job search prep curriculum... Read More after the core part wasn't quite up to par with the rest.Read Less",app-academy
"I am just finishing an online boot camp at AppAcademy and got awesome results too. It didn't just teach me the skills I now have but it also showed me the discipline needed to learn more on my own. Great place to be, and a great supportive community.",app-academy
"The first four weeksIt was a great first 4 weeks of the course since we met for half days (perfect for adjusting to the course work followed).Pair programming was a bit awkward. You are required to type for someone else for 15 minutes while they talk... Read More you through their strategy, then you switch and you are responsible for talking them through the strategy. Now finished with the course, I do see the benefit of it so make sure you are doing it.The next 21 weeks. (normal ""office"" hours)Full day programming (my schedule was 10am to 1:15pm morning lectures/programming, 1:15-2:30 lunch, 2:30-4:45 pair programming, 4:45-5:00pm break, then 5-7pm more programming (with occasional evening lectures). The pair programming definitely helps pass the time (depending on the partner). Most cohort members were at a similar level while some students with previous computer science backgrounds were far ahead of everyone else. We had an AMAZING group of instructors who helped us along the way. I feel like that is the greatest thing I enjoyed about the course. not once was I made to feel bad about struggling with the content. The instructors were genuine in their desire to help us learn and succeed. (after ""office"" hours)Get ready to eat a meal, perhaps relax for 30 mins or so, then go into anywhere between 2-4 hours of readings/homework. Do not let up on this or you will fall behind. Also, think of the best way that you learn and go with it. I took paper notes on my reading the first couple of months then switched to google keep note taking half way through. Honestly, I feel like the note taking took longer but I absorbed the content better. Although it is nice to have a digital searchable archive of my notes. Try to absorb the material but not necessarily memorize it. Doing the homework will help you be ready to pair program which will keep you on track. Oh and don't forget to fill out your evening reports. We were were not told this until towards the end, but those reports (""what I learned"", ""challenges"", etc) can be useful during your job search. Because of this, it may be useful to take notes as you work for these reports (you will likely be tired by the time reports are available to be filled out).(curriculum) Honestly, most of it is really good stuff. The projects give you hands on experience on the content and material you read about the night before. There are a ton of projects but it seemed like the goal was exposure not necessarily building a portofilio (until the last weeks). You have assistance when you need it and hopefully a fun partner each day that you work with. There were a few projects/assignments that I really enjoyed and some that I really didn't. Some projects are very applicable to the real world, (building websites, designing, constructing games/apps) while others are very scholastic(working on algorithms/math type problems, and writing ""lite"" versions of complicated stuff so you have a better understanding or appreciation). I honestly feel like some of the scholastic projects could be removed and the course would be enhanced. The two months are working solo as well as in a team to develop multiple web applications from scratch (from a pre-approved list). You will also make a portfolio and prepare for the job search (with readings and homework). This was probably my most favorite time and the hard work you did in the A05-A06 curriculum will pay off here. Feel free to check out my portfolio for samples of the types of projects. www.samgutierrez.com(strikes)App Academy does have a policy in place to hold people accountable to their work and being in class. For the most part, I see it as generous. You really can't be kicked out if you are doing what you are supposed to. The Job Search: After you complete your projects and your official last day the hard work isn't over.You are given a career coach who work with you to get you ready for the job search. He or she will require multiple things to be met each week. You must get a certain number of points per week and a certain number of application or you are given a strike. Personal tips:Don't over commit yourself.My marathon:I had already committed a couple months of training prior to signing up for a/A. This would be my second marathon and 10th or so long run event. I was on track for a 3:30 marathon PB but the marathon was not until 4 months later. Rather than paying to downgrade my marathon to a half or 10k ($100 bucks to do so), i just opted to continue with it. My training regiment had me doing a small amount of miles at the start of the course so the first month felt like a breeze. However, the next 21 weeks were living and breathing code and more strenuous running workouts. My schedule consisted of waking up early in the morning (after late evenings of homework) and training for my marathon for about an hour with long runs on weekends. Aside from that, I quickly began battling over tightness of my quads that never let up (and eventually led to injury). I got to 3 months into the course before I started experiencing Achilles issues. By the time the marathon came around I was not in good shape. Mentally exhausted from the course work and assessments and dealing with the Achilles issues, as well as unforeseen family medical emergency. There were days when I couldn't even run a mile before my Achilles just forced me to walk. Luckily, I abandoned my PB goal and was now just focused on not injuring myself but foolishly kept pushing. I ended up completing the marathon in 5 hours and 20 mins. Was it worth it....maybe? lol It felt like a bigger accomplishment than my first marathon but of course but the damage had been done. I am still struggling with Achilles injury (3 months after marathon) and fell behind during the most difficult, and honestly what I felt like, the most important portion of the course. Of course with no longer having to train, I was able to manage to get myself up to par but at more stress. My advice, think long and hard about committing to anything during this time. You will definitely benefit from having the extra time. Equipment:Get a second monitor, mouse, and a decent computer if you don't have one. Laptops are good but honestly I feel like the $300 used imac that I bought is so much easier to work on then the macbook pro I worked on for one day. It is a world of difference having to constantly minimize or drag things around just to see your code. Set up your equipment somewhere where you will not having distractions (this will be super important during assessments) but will also help your day to day. I moved my equipment from a second bedroom (with one window) to my living room with 3 because it got more daylight. This made a huge difference in my productivity because I felt the day longer (didn't get tired as easily), could hear birds chirping instead of the neighbor's kids on their trampoline, and could also let my dogs play outside while I monitored them through the window (as opposed to keeping them cooped all day and feeling guilty)! The sunlight also keeps you sane because depending on your time zone you may not actually be outside during daylight otherwise. If you have a savings and are able to invest a bit more a Solid State Drive would be helpful. Make sure you are using an ethernet connection for reliable video signal and consider investing in a inexpensive external microphone. This won't really be enforced but you will make it a better experience for you and your classmates.Read Less",app-academy
"This boot camp is definitely worth it if you are looking to learn a ton and serious about making the career switch to becoming a web developer. In 6 months, I went from writing simple algorithms like isPrime and caeser cipher in Ruby to building full... Read More stack web applications using technologies such as Ruby on Rails, MERN stack, GraphQL/Apollo, and much more. By the end of the course, you will feel like you can learn any language or framework, and look at any web application, and have a good sense on what you need to do to reproduce its features, which are very powerful skills. That being said, your mileage will vary depending on how much effort you spend practicing and truly understanding the material.Read Less",app-academy
"Thi is a 12-week bootcamp that teach everything from JavaScript to Ruby on Rails. With great TAs that support your journey and empower the path in Tech. The of App Academy graduates find jobs as software developers, and during this last step there is... Read More also support from a career coach!!Read Less",app-academy
"I loved the course! It was super hard, but in six months I went from knowing next to nothing about coding to being confident I can learn anything I need to be an effective software engineer. The TAs are amazing and I made some really good friends along... Read More the way. I highly recommend it to anyone who wants to get into the tech world.Read Less",app-academy
"A typical day (online) looks like this.8am Morning Q &amp; A on homework lectures and project8:30am - 11:15am video lectures broken down on 15-20 min chunks followed by 10 min of q &amp; a11:15am - 12:30pm lunch12-30 - 4:30pm Pair programming, you are paired... Read More with another student and together you tackle the project for the day applying everything from the lectures/hw into a project. Everyday a different project. You have access to the TA's during this time as well.4:30pm - 5:30pm (but 6pm really) End of day lecture / q &amp; a At least 2 hours of homework (video lectures, small projects)The weekends I usually spent 4hrs on Saturdays catching up with hw/projects and about 2-3hrs on Sundays getting ready for the next week.You have an exam every 2.5 weeks. The week before the exam you typically spend 1-2hrs every day preparing for it and definitely about 10-12hrs during the weekend. - Dedicated and knowledgeable instructors. I was self-learning before a/A and having an instructor is huge, something that could have taken me days to figure out was solved with the instructor's help on a matter of minutes.- The online experience is great, you collaborate the whole time with other students by doing pair programming and everyday you are working on a different project.- You finish the program with 3 full stack projects and a javascript game.- After the program you get assigned to a career coach that keeps you accountable to the number of companies you've reached out to and helps you prepare for upcoming interviews.- You don't have to pay them until you get a job.Read Less",app-academy
"Before App Academy I was already moving towards another bootcamp since I was in their prep course. Unfortunately, the experience decimated me to the point where I questioned if a career move was right for me. As a last ditch effort, I did App Academy’s... Read More prep due to the guarantee. I was honestly blown away. There was an honest attempt to break down the concepts and present it in a way that anyone, even with no coding experience, could understand. From there I was sold, never looked backed and made it into the immersive program.Daily life as a student:- Days are M-F from 8AM - 5PM PST.- There are 6 assessments, failing 2 will get you kicked out so there is a lot of pressure involved- While in immersive, you’ll mostly be pair programming working on projects- There is homework every night which needs to be completed for the following day. Some of the homework can be 4-5 hours long, so after a long day of work, you have more work- After immersive, you’ll spend most of your time working on projects while learning some new concept and materials in betweenI will say for my individual experience:- My instructors were amazing. They were really chill, knowledgeable, and their support is one of the things I will always speak highly of.- All of my cohort mates are awesome. Everyone has different backgrounds, but you start to lean on each other for support, and build connections you didn’t expect.- I learned a lot, it doesn’t always feel that way. But the knowledge you gain from the begin to end is substantial, and that is a big plus.I can’t speak for job search since I’m only beginning, but what I can say is I like my career coach. His plan and expectations make sense and I’m hopeful it’ll land a job soon.Overall, if I went back in time, I’d still do it all over again. I had such an amazing experience and would recommend App Academy based off of that. It’s hard of course, but worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy will tell you up front how tough the course is and how many hours you must put in. 80-100 hours a week is required as a minimum to really learn the material and pass the assessments. However, at the end of this experience you'll be completely... Read More surprised at how much you've learned in such a short space of time. You'll find it hard to believe that you went from nothing to a complete software engineer. I wouldn't trade this experience for anything, and if you're considering going through this rigorous process I highly recommend it!Read Less",app-academy
"This bootcamp teaches you a lot of the things you need to become a software developer. If you have the will power to study and work hard everyday including weekends, this is a good place to start. The people you get to meet come from all over the place... Read More with interesting backgrounds. I think that's what made it special for me.Read Less",app-academy
"I really value the experience I got out of App Academy; it is indeed rigorous and intensive and it goes very fast. That being said, you don't as much time to dig into certain subjects as much as you want to but you come out learning very very much (of... Read More course you have to study). Also, I really valued the fullstack projects I got to create/help create at App Academy. I've taken some previous programming courses at college, which I really appreciated and some were super great. However, I never created a full stack project, like cloning a website, writing all the backend and frontend; even though I am still finishing the fullstack, this was one of the most awesome experiences. You spend a lot of time pair programming. Tips: You don't have to come in knowing anything; I had taken some programming classes before and I'm glad I did. There are students at many different levels starting. A couple of CS majors in my class and for them, they got through the material easier/got through more of the projects. I really appreciate the environment to help each other and support each other, noncompetitive. I think the TAs are friendly, encouraging and really care and want the best for you. They are GREAT (at least in my experience)They put you in a circle, which is a smaller group of people that meet half hour daily. Shout out to ALISSA, my circle leader, who really believed in me, was super positive, always encouraging, and really cared, checked in to see if I wanted to review anything. I'm super thankful for her belief and faith in me, oh man, I definitely needed it! Thank you Alissa!!! =D The assessments, do what the TAs say and make sure you do the practice ones over and over again. At App Academy, you allowed one free fail and then after, if you fail again, you are allowed one retake and if you don't pass the retake, you are kicked out. But if you reallly do the practice tests over and over, like they ask you to, you'll be fine. The assessments were really stressful at times, really stressfulI met a LOT of really awesome people! =D Be prepared to work hard, really really hard, it is super busy all the time and super stressful at times. I like having structure; that helps me. And App Academy really helps you in the job search process....partially because you HAVE to apply to a certain amount of jobs per weekRead Less",app-academy
"I really enjoyed my time here! I came to App Academy with a background in biology and knew nothing about coding. I've come a long way these past few months and I think that App Academy's done a good job preparing me for entry into the workforce as a software... Read More engineer. I have a very good opinion of App Academy because I can see the results of all my work and studying. I'm able to make amazing web applications and I have a good understanding of the coding languages and tools taught by App Academy.It is a lot of work, though. I woke up at 7 and commuted 40 minutes to App Academy, where I coded from 9AM to 6PM. Then I commuted 40 minutes home and either reviewed the day's material or studied for the next day's material from 8PM to 11PM. As daunting as that sounds, it is completely do-able. It's hard, but it's not impossible. Just be prepared for it and keep your end goal in mind. Furthermore, I've been talking to friends and hear about the friends of friends who have gone through coding interviews. Many of those interview topics have already been covered by App Academy.If I have to nitpick about things, it is that I don't think that we reviewed enough material as we progressed through the course. We learned ALOT. Which means we also forget a lot. We're told that we should review after class, but most days, there's so much material to look at for the next day that I don't have time to review.I still really enjoyed my time here at App Academy, though, and I'll be missing it.Read Less",app-academy
"LEts goooooo i need to get 250 words in here so im going to talk about bine being theman and he is going to be the legend of all legend sand if it is going to the the major dragon ball he is going to be the 5 star dragon ball and bino is the king long... Read More live kingbino, cuz bino invented bitconRead Less",app-academy
"I learned so much the past four months at App Academy. The structure of the program is just so good, it is adapted so you could learn so much material in such a short amount of time. However, of course there are downfalls cramming material that would... Read More be usually taught over a week at a university course in a single day. I would like to say that they do not lie when they say you will be putting in a strenuous amount of hours coding and learning. The people you meet here at App Academy are the best resources you'll garner!!! It is definitely an atmosphere, where you're frequently working hard because your with peers who are doing the same to reach the same goal. The TAs work hard to make sure you're on track, and they actually do care about your success in the course and in the future.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are willing to study 70+ hrs weekly, App Academy does a great job to train you becoming a software engineer. You will learn a lot during the pairing programming with you partners. After class, you spend night time learning the next day's material.... Read More New topics are introduced almost every day and you can find yourself falling behind easily. Overall, you can expect to come out of App Academy with programming skills, good projects, and a lot of job search resources.Read Less",app-academy
"I started with App Academy's boot camp prep, and it was WELL worth the money as someone who had no coding experience. The boot camp itself was tough and stressful, but the instructional staff are amazing and supportive. I always felt like I had the help... Read More I needed to succeed, and I feel confident about entering the industry, despite an unrelated background. Highly recommend it!Read Less",app-academy
"If you're looking for a structured program that pushes you harder than you could ever push yourself, this is it.Pros:- Daily projects to practice the concepts you learn- TAs to help you along the way- Three major projects for your portfolio towards the... Read More end of the course- Your cohort-mates are just as motivated as you so it's a really good environment to be inCons:- They move through the material really fast and it always feels like you never completely learn everything (which is expected I guess, given the amount of info taught in such a short amount of time- There are weekly assessments - two fails result in a dismissal, which adds a lot of stress in addition to the course load- They mean it when they say 'expect to work 80-90+ hours a week'.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, i really loved my time at a/A. The TA's are amazing, and really are there to see you succeed. But keep in mind they are app academy graduates (they are all very intelligent) so if you're going to ask a question outside of the scope of the curriculum... Read More don't always expect an answer, but i promise you if they don't know they will do there best to get back to you with an answer. This is not bad though because as a software engineer you'll always have to figure stuff out on your own and thats totally ok. My only real criticism of App Academy is not allowing you to use laptops in lecture. Honestly it bothered me more than it should but it definitely took me and my attention away from lectures, as i suck at taking notes. Just imagine trying to follow along to dry code while watching someone give you a lecture Redux. The days i got away with having my laptop in lecture, i was completely focused took incredible notes in notion, and learned a bunch. The days i didn't which was most, i didn't pay attention, i slacked off, and made up for it during pair programming and at night, which was super annoying. If you cant tell already it really bothered me. When it comes to the curriculum, there are parts I definitely disagree with but overall they jam pack you with more than you'll ever be able to grasp all at once. Which is excellent. From high level algorithms to LRU Cache, and hashing functions, to understanding the foundations of a MVC framework. They definitely need to teach hooks in React though, and get away from only teaching class Components. It's out of date, compile rate is way slower and the industry is staying away from class Components, unless its dealing with error handling. They need to teach less ruby and more React. Ruby is a really beautiful but also a really easy language. The amount of time they focus on it is probably better spent elsewhere.Job Support so far is alright, everything seems to out of order though. Not sure where to go or what to do most times. The lectures are way too long and could be shortened by 2/3, or a simple email. Im being very critical right now, but thats because these were the things i wish i knew before i went into App Academy. Do i regret joining? Hell No!!Did i meet some amazing people that ill be friends with forever? Yes!!!! Did i learn a lot? YES!! Can they improve? Yes! are they the best bootcamp youll get. Also YES!Read Less",app-academy
"I started a/A with a background in the arts. My experience in coding was pretty much limited to a few Arduino loops and some sine wave generation I had learned once, in a class in college, 10 years ago. 16 weeks later, just as they said I would, I have... Read More the skills to build fully functional and stylish web applications, with knowledge of roughly a dozen or so languages and APIs. It was great! That said, as I've mentioned, it was tough; mentally, physically and emotionally, just all around exhausting. If you are considering a/A, definitely think it over, don't just jump into it. If you have family who will be around/helping during your time in the program, talk it through with them as well because it can be hard for them too. You might not get to see them as much as you'd think because the days run long. And you will most likely have a few bad days and it's good to let them know that's a possibility. Keep your communication open. Despite the toughness and frustrations that come with a program like this it is worth it. And a/A has a fabulous staff who really does have your back. They encourage and prop you up when you are down from day one to the end. 15 weeks in I had a major breakthrough and I sent a message to one of my main counselors saying ""It's the first time in 15 weeks that I've felt like I've got this"". Their response was ""regardless of how you felt in the past 14 weeks, you've always got it!"" I can't thank them enough, the technical help they provided was great, the compassion was priceless. If you are interested in coding and you need a place to start App Academy is a great place for it.Read Less",app-academy
"What you get is what you put into it. I definitely learned a lot at App Academy, and going in with a month of programming knowledge, over the 16 weeks of this course I've learned much more than I ever imagined. However, the experience is extremely draining... Read More - mentally, physically, and emotionally. Be prepared to spend 10-12 hour days studying/working/commuting because that is what a coding bootcamp is. Pros: I learned a lot from the curriculum and the daily pair programming. TAs were very friendly, understanding, and willing to help. My classmates were warm, friendly, and clever and I am happy to call many of them friends. You will come out of the program with 3 projects, a good understanding of the job market at an entry level but most importantly you will learn HOW to learn to code and find resources and work through problems on your own because there is so much to learn, especially starting from scratch. Cons: Lectures seemed very shallow and time-consuming and not the most helpful beyond a surface level overview. TA to student ratio was not the best and so at times it took a while for a question to be answered. Job search curriculum is generic and arbitrary deadlines are annoying to deal with when working on several other projects at the same time. Struggling through projects is difficult as you are not taught everything you need to know but also rewarding when you are able to learn and solve problems on the fly.Read Less",app-academy
"After the remote portion of the course, it immediately ramps up. I still can't believe how much work I completed in a short amount of time. despite it only being 4 months long, it feels MUCH longer.pros:1. TA community is excellent and, in my experience,... Read More pretty willing to assist you in person or over slack. 2. the network you build here is pretty amazing. People come in from all kinds of backgrounds and are going through the same struggle so you never feel alone.cons: 1. not a fan of macbooks. even after the program, I'm not a convert either.2. cant take notes with laptops in class. While i understand why, it is a bit of a shame but not a deal breaker.3. not enough teaching assistants. While they work very hard, it could take some time before they get to you if you need helpRead Less",app-academy
"Studying at App Academy was a great experience and definitely a game changer. Before enrolling I had just a tiny bit of experience with Python, which was just enough to know that I wanted to get into software development. Now after, four months I feel... Read More ready to actually make it my profession!That being said, it's not for everyone, if you're serious about getting through the program, you must be prepared to put in 80-100h/week. Also, the learning curve is steep, so you will feel a lot of frustration and growing pain.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are willing to put in the work, App Academy does a great job at what they advertise. The first month is easy if you have any programming experience whatsoever, but it really ramps up after that. Most days are spent pair programming, which is a... Read More great learning experience no matter who you are paired up with. After class, you spend the rest of the day learning the next day's material. New topics are introduced almost every day and you can find yourself falling behind easily if you even slack off for a day or two. Overall, you can expect to come out of App Academy with new and improved programming skills, a portfolio, and tremendous job search resources (despite a generic job search curriculum).Read Less",app-academy
I had a wonderful experience at App Academy. TA's were very knowledgable and supportive. I highly recommend. The curriculum was quite rigorous and has definitely been the most challenging yet rewarding experience of my life. Anyone looking to join a bootcamp... Read More should apply here.Read Less,app-academy
"Pros- great curriculum and support to learn the materials- pair programming and style of teaching is very efficient- will create 3 projects which will teach a lot about how everything works- will fully prepare you for what an actual job as a engineer... Read More will be (teach you many extra skills like debugging, rspec, etc)Cons- certain things can be learned online to save time and give more personal learning experience- job search period can get a bit hecticRead Less",app-academy
"The teaching staff for my cohort was great. They all were very knowledgable and trained very well on how to walk us through solving problems on our own. The environment at app academy models a traditional school but with much more support and inclusiveness.... Read More Their policy of teaching by pair programming was in my opinion very effective because it was molding us into better communicators and team mates while also leveling out the learning curve. I did feel like getting towards the end of the class the gap between students was too apparent to effectively pair program without a large knowledge gap, but for the most part it was a great way to learn. I did feel like the curriculum was a little bit lacking, they tend to glance over a lot of WHY things work and worry more about HOW to get things to work, but that can also be expected in a rigorous 4 month bootcamp. Overall my experience was very positive, I met a ton of great people, learned more than I thought I ever would, and am getting prepared for the job search which seems to be just as intensive.Read Less",app-academy
"I definitely learned a lot while I was at App Academy and I really value the experience, however it was extremely draining emotionally and mentally.Pros: The TAs are all really friendly and eager to help whenever a problem arises. Many of the paired programming... Read More projects we did really helped me learn as I was able to work with some brilliant minded people and see their thought process as we went along.Cons: It often took a long time for a TA to come help because the student to TA ratio was pretty skewed. I really disliked the lectures as we just all sat and stared at the projector with no desks or laptops. The job search curriculum has been pretty generic and I don't see much value in it.All in all, I started this journey with zero programming experience and came out knowing more than I could have either thought in just 16 weeks.Read Less",app-academy
"Make no doubt of it, going through App Academy does actually require the rigor and work they warn you about. I had no idea I was capable of handling the amount of work and material taught, and as we got deeper into the program, I absolutely felt the stress... Read More that came with it. However, if you go through with the program, keep your head up and do the work you should, App Academy teaches you a lot, and tries their best to keep you job ready. PROS:Tons of information, some explained very indepth, some not so much. Help from TAs. Interesting projects, helped apply the technologies we'd learnt. CONS: Not allowed to use laptops to take notes... for a coding bootcamp... Not nearly enough TAs to student ratio, especially when that help is a big part of their programPersonally feel like the Javascript portion should've been longer, and Ruby could have been shortened - even an extra week or two for JS would've worked greatRead Less",app-academy
"It is an intense bootcamp, and you do learn a lot in 16 weeks, especially if you come into the bootcamp without prior programming experience. There are minimal breaks and you are expected to work over the weekend, and many do get burnt out towards the... Read More end, so the schedule could use a little restructuring. If you are an extremely self-motivated person, you may be able to learn the course material online by yourself, but the main benefit of the course is the wonderful team of TAs fostering a positive team environment, the constant collaboration with pair programming, and the invaluable friendships and connections you build along the way.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended aA from December 2019 through March 2020, doing the full stack curriculum. This curriculum teaches you how to program from scratch starting with Ruby, then SQL, Ruby on Rails, Javascript and finally React &amp; Redux. I came into this program with... Read More prior programming experience, so the first month of so was basically review to me while most of my peers were learning the basics of programming. I can say that I came away from this course as a better programmer, and fully equipped with the tools necessary to find a job as a software developer. The pace is very fast - you're learning something new every day. It ramps up in speed - we spent the first month working with Ruby, and at the end we went through the Javascript curriculum in only a week. The pair programming experience is great - 95% of my classmates were there to learn and were motivated. You'll be doing pair programming for 10 weeks with a new person everyday, so at the end of it you make some pretty good friends and networking connections out of it. 95% of the stuff you learn is useful; you end up using most of it for the 3 projects at the end that you are required to do. The instructors are great and all of them are there to help you succeed and do better.I am currently in the job search curriculum portion, where I get lectures on topics such as networking, writing cover letters and resumes, and interviewing. After I graduate, I will be working with a career coach from App Academy for upwards of a year until I find a job. Once you graduate, it doesn't stop - they expect you to spend 8 hours a day, 40 hours of week working on finding a job. If you work better with imposed deadlines, then this is immensely helpful as it prevents you from procrastinating. Overall - I think that the program is worth the value in tuition. I would recommend payment upfront rather than the deferred model, since you pay less and there's less pressure to find a job after you graduate. But if you like that sort of pressure, then maybe the second option is better for you after all. If I could do it over, I'd definitely attend App Academy again.Read Less",app-academy
"There's certainly a reason they call it a bootcamp. App Academy is intense. It will consume your every waking moment for a full sixteen weeks. But that's a small price to pay for the incredible gains you'll make along the way. In sixteen weeks, I went... Read More from knowing almost nothing about coding to building two full stack projects and a JavaScript project that would have seemed impossible at the beginning of the course. My career coach also helped me craft a social media presence and resume that reflect my new skills, and I formed enduring friendships with my classmates that I hope will last a lifetime.Read Less",app-academy
"I would recommend this course to anyone who is positive they want to get into software development, since this school really will pay off for that specific demographic. .",app-academy
"Pros:Solid software development curriculum, very structured3 final projects that they help you complete seem like good additions to have in a portfolioCons:Job search curriculum has not been helpful whatsoever (general consensus within my cohort, at least)... Read MoreNo guidance through algorithmsRead Less",app-academy
"For those that are considering a bootcamp and live around the SF area, App Academy is absolutely worth it. What I love most about App Academy is that despite my prior experience in programming, I was constantly challenged and learned something new each... Read More day. The curriculum is rich enough that even the more experienced programmers will feel like they're getting something out of it. I can't recommend this program enough for those that are looking for a bootcamp. However, my main suggestion is that prior to applying or even considering this bootcamp, you should learn to code. I know this sounds counterintuitive, but the purpose of a bootcamp is not just to teach you how to code, it's to help get a job to build a career. In addition, learning to code prior gives you a sense on whether or not you even enjoy learning how to code. If you do, then definitely put in some time to learn prior to applying. It not only prepares you for the admissions interview but also will help you immensely in the program. App Academy is incredibly competitive and while there are many people that come into this program with little to no knowledge of how to code and ultimately succeed, there are many that don't make it pass the first few weeks. This is simply because the program has a strike out policy where if they deem that you're too far behind in their expectations of where you should be, you could get dismissed. App Academy is a great investment and I highly recommend that those that are considering this program will also consider the time and commitment. Everyone will do whatever it takes to make sure that you learn the material and get that job but only if you're willing to do your part in that process as well.Pros:• Rich curriculum of learning full-stack development and job searching • Has career coaches that work extensively to help you find a job • Relatively affordable: for those that can't pay the entire tuition out of pocket, the deferred plan is a great option that asks for a deposit and a fraction of your first year's income. This is a great choice because other bootcamps have policies that extend over 1 year and the repayment is little compared to what you'll be making as a software engineer. • Learn by doing: The curriculum emphasizes learning by doing. So you'll be working on a lot of projects but don't worry. The projects are not expected to be completed. They're meant to be for YOUR learning experience.Cons:• San Francisco is expensive. If you don't live in San Francisco, expect to dedicate some time commuting to and from the campus (SF traffic sucks). • Doesn't necessarily take into account everyone's learning style. I learn better when I'm coding along with someone but lectures don't allow for computers so it's difficult to pay attention when I have to write notes with pen and paper while trying to follow lecture slides. • Too much pair programming: App Academy focuses on pair programming to get students to learn how to communicate and work with partners. This style is the majority of the program. It would be nice if we had more days to work by ourselves to learn the material at our own pace.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:-great support system from TA's-learn a ton in a very short amount of time-you get to meet a great cohort of like-minded individuals, largely who will become your network in the futureCons:-instruction can sometimes seem unorganized-some lectures... Read More and material can be learned online that are often easier to understandRead Less",app-academy
"My experience at App Academy was great! I had so much fun learning how to code and am grateful for this life-changing experience! Like many of the online sources say, it IS really challenging. In the 3 months that you dedicate to App Academy, it is essentially... Read More the only thing that you can focus on. However, it is very rewarding in the end and you gain so much knowledge in such a short amount of time. Here are some personal tips and key points that I picked up from my experience at App Academy (Please note that this is from MY experience, and people accomplish/approach things in different ways):1. App Academy is challenging, but not INSANELY challenging. In my experience, I was able to keep up with App Academy's curriculum while maintaining some social/personal life. Other people say that they dedicate every day, every hour, every minute to App Academy (which is fine), but I felt that there was more free time than initially expected. I would be able to spend my Saturdays and sometimes Sundays doing social/personal stuff, and I honestly felt that this was needed.2. SLEEP is important. The instructors at App Academy can't stress this enough either. I think the thing that kept my stress level low and made my experience enjoyable was the fact that I forced myself to sleep with my regular schedule (I slept at 10:30pm and woke up at 7:30am everyday). I never felt tired during the working hours and I was still able to keep up with the curriculum.3. You have to put in the effort to maintain this healthy lifestyle. The only reason why I was able to have fun on the weekends and get 8-9 hours of sleep everyday was the fact that I worked hard during the working hours. It's just as they say - work hard, play hard. If you actually pay attention during the lectures and actually put in your effort during the projects, you'll be able to absorb the information better, especially if you're not tired or stressed. My previous advice isn't to show that App Academy is easy, it's to show that there is a way to maintain good health and a happy lifestyle while going through the rigorous curriculum.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: Technologies being taught are applicable to the industry which is nice. It's not the exact same, but the technological concepts are similar. My cohort might've been the odd one out, but 95% of the people I met were very smart, kind, and hardworking.... Read MoreCons: The program, at the end of the day, is still very bureaucratic. They do things that incentivize making money. The ratio of staff to student is kinda bad. Very difficult for students that fall behind to catch up again.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy stands out from the other NYC area bootcamps because of its tuition guarantee: your costs are forgiven if you don't secure a full time job in one year. To me, that level of confidence in the program convinced me to give them a chance, and... Read More it was well worth it.Prepare to enter a demanding, yet nurturing environment composed of students and instructors who train you to overcome your personal hurdles and transform yourself into a competitive software engineer. There is no hand-holding here: you will be dismissed if you fail more than two assessments, and you'll need the self-discipline to keep up with the curriculum. However, your classmates will be there to cheer you on, and you'll experience the pride and joy of completing a full-stack project and a JavaScript project all by yourself.I do wish that the curriculum had taught a different tech stack when I attended (Ruby on Rails isn't very hip these days), and the school's connections to the tech industry could be a little better. The school is improving itself though, and I credit it for helping me land a very good software engineering job.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a time intensive and challenging bootcamp. If you're willing to put in the work, it is very rewarding. The staff is very helpful and encouraging. Bigger classes might have a harder time getting help because there is a queue to ask questions.... Read More Besides coursework, App Academy also helps those who graduate with their job search. Overall, it was a very positive experience.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, my experience at App Academy was 100% worth it. I decided to attend aA after taking a computer science course at college and realizing how much I enjoyed it. I was looking into coding bootcamps, and App Academy was recommended to me by a friend.... Read More After comparing the prep-work between other bootcamps and aA, it became obvious that App Academy's curriculum was far superior to the others - leading me to eventually choose it over the other options.After the course, the practical material I learned and the depth to which I learned it allowed me to successfully complete a full stack onsite interview and land a position within 2 weeks of finishing aA. While this was not the norm, I believe that overall App Academy is a valuable asset to someone wishing to enter the field of software engineering. With hard work, it is quite difficult not to learn the material and, by the end, graduate with the ability to build a complete full stack application. The added bonus of the option to delay payment makes it pretty accessible as well.Read Less",app-academy
"a/A was an extremely demanding bootcamp (talking 90 hour weeks) but it was well worth it! I gained so much knowledge that I know I wouldn't be able to learn on my own over the same amount of time. Each day brought new curriculum to learn and there is... Read More homework every night that is required in order to be prepared for the next day's material. I knew some Python prior to attending, but almost all of my coding skills I learned at a/A. The instructors were former a/A students so they teach understanding the student's perspective and are always willing to help. You pair program every day which to me was great because I loved having the opportunity to work with all of my cohort mates. Towards the end of the bootcamp, you build a full stack clone of an app of your choice which is invaluable in terms of job searching. All in all, a/A was certainly stressful at times but highly rewarding in terms of the knowledge and skills you gain. You have to be truly ready to commit 100% of your time (no joke) and have a passion for coding but if being a SWE is your dream like it is mine, you'll do just fine.Read Less",app-academy
"The main learning section of the course was really well structured, which made it ideal for me (someone who needs critical timelines and an uncompromising schedule to not slack off). The fact that you have to learn basics yourself and interview to get... Read More into the program inspires more confidence than other bootcamps who will follow up call you to make sure you are still interested. App academy seems to survive on its reputation, and I know multiple students in just my cohort who came to A/a because a friend or sibling already went through the program with success. I was really surprised at myself how much I learned so quickly. I tried self-learning for a year, but couldn't get to a point where I was comfortable knowing what to learn to do what I wanted. However now, I don't know everything, but I feel confident I know how to learn any language/framework with enough time due to the solid foundation App Academy provided.It's not necessarily a fault of App Academy, they do the best they can in such a short time frame, but I wish there were more employers willing to at least give me a phone screen to prove I know my stuff. You just can't get the reputation a 4 year degree will get you at a bootcamp. Especially considering how undergraduate internships are the new start of the pipeline to full time employment. The job search portion is arguably more grueling due to financial stress and comparative lack of structure. You still have weekly targets to meet, but there just aren't enough qualified coaches to help you through the post-graduation section of job-searching (especially considering most coaches are previous App Academy graduates who are only working there until they can find a better job offer themselves).Overall a worthwhile experience, and this is written from someone still in the midst of the job search. If you have the money or time to attend A/a, and you are capable of self-motivating after the main program, it's arguably one of the fastest ways to get into the software engineering profession from a different career.Read Less",app-academy
"The best thing about this program is the community. Everyone is here to learn and feed each other their energy to make it through this rigorous program. The only thing you need to watch out for is the workload. If you're able to mentally prepare yourself... Read More before starting this program, you're already on track. Quit reading reviews and just do it. The tuition is an investment for yourselves.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was one of the most challenging learning experiences of my life, it took all my time and dedication for 16 weeks. I did not think it was possible to truly learn software engineering in such a short amount of time, but we did. I feel very confident... Read More with the material and have a huge support network of former students, teaching assistants, and job coaches to help me succeed in this new line of work. I am so happy I chose App Academy and I highly recommend it to anyone that is up for the challenge, but be warned, it is HARD!Read Less",app-academy
"I didn't know a coding bootcamp with be with satisfying. I think there was a lot to learn in a short amount of time but a lot of the course is based on how much extra time you put in. The course is very solid and extensive with great instructional information... Read More to go along with each topic. If you're willing to put in the work, it is definitely doable. I would highly recommend if you are on the fence about doing it.Read Less",app-academy
"The program was a great opportunity to learn a new skill very quickly. I would not have been able to learn as much if I were to do so on my own. The TAs are there if you need them, but you will be doing most of the learning on your own. You will need... Read More to learn quickly and not doubt your skills.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy taught be a wide variety of skills for full stack development. I found the materials in React to be especially helpful. I would also recommend their Bootcamp Prep for those who have zero coding experience. It’s great preparation for the program!... Read MoreRead Less,app-academy
"App Academy provides an extremely rigorous and fast paced coding curriculum and is an efficient way to be indoctrinated in software development. However, be prepared for an exhausting 6 months, working constantly. Sometimes, help from the TAs can be hit... Read More or miss and it is helpful to find those TAs whose teaching style works for you. That said, I believe they have set me up to build a strong portfolio and the job training and management portion of the course is promising. I didn't know it was possible to learn so much in such a short time. If you make it through, you are part of the community forever.Read Less",app-academy
"My time here at App Academy has been an amazing one! From the staff to the material learned, all have been phenomenal! The bootcamp provided the programming foundation and has expose me to so much more! Though the program is rigorous you learn a lot if... Read More you’re willing to put the time and dedication to learn.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy gave me the foundation and programming skills to creatively build applications. I have come a long way in just 16 weeks as a software developer. Not only, does App Academy prepare you to become a full fledged software developer, the rigorous... Read More course and project based learning heightens your confidence as a transitioning individual into the tech world.Read Less",app-academy
"No matter what your background is, if you are looking for a course that is strategically prepared to push you just enough to be a developer in 3 months, but not enough to seek your pillow to cuddle every night, AppAcademy is it. Do not get me wrong; all... Read More of us were tired, sleep-deprived, and at least once scared about not passing the assessments. The commitments are real, and the pressure is on all the time. Your daily performance affects not only you but other people as well, as all of us are required to work with other people every day.But you are not in this alone. All of the talented TAs and well-written curriculum will guide you. When you ask a great question during the lecture, everybody will benefit. Study notes are shared, and everybody will encourage and push each other. And on the last day, when you graduate, you will think, ""we don't know everything, but we will be able to figure it out.""Read Less",app-academy
"AppAcademy really helped me to learn the fundamentals and all necessary tools to be a practitioner in software engineering. Pros: -it's well structured and the instructors are really good in helping people like me who is new to programming.-it's intensive... Read More but at the same time well paced in the way that fundamentals are important in AppAcademy's teaching. Good amount of time was allocated to fundamentals. Then each student can practice more or less based on needsCons:-we learned really a lot in a short time. Consequently, it's so easy to forget.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy makes aces out of anyone capable of completing the program. The course is designed to be fast paced. With a focus on understanding the core/evolving technologies required for web development. The process works. Expect to learn with/from a... Read More wide variety of resources/people. All around, a great experience.Read Less",app-academy
"I am incredibly grateful to have gone through App Academy. I went from almost no knowledge of coding to being able to build a full web app within a matter of months. Here are some key takeaways: - The 40 hours per week of class-time can seem daunting... Read More at first, but they do a good job of splitting the time between lecture and pair programming. You usually see people saying it takes 80-100 hours commitment per week, but I'd say 70 hours per week is more accurate if you are good at managing your time and staying focused - I think a lot of students have mixed feelings about the amount of pair programming we do. Although it is definitely not the most efficient way to code, it really teaches you how to communicate your thought process well and learn to be open to others' ideas- The student to TA ratio is fantastic. If you aren't too proud to ask for help, you have all the resources you need to succeed- My main criticism is the breakdown of time spent learning different languages. We spent 4 weeks learning Ruby, but had only 1-2 weeks of instruction on any other language or framework. During our final projects we were expected to learn a new framework over the course of a weekend with minimal to no guidance from the instructors. Of course, you can't learn everything there is to know about coding in only 4 months, so they tend to focus more on practical application rather than theoretical knowledge or deeper understanding of the materialRead Less",app-academy
"App Academy offers a solid good 12-week intensive program. It helps someone with zero coding experience becoming a pro coder !! People around here are also great ! There are also career advisors to help you with job placements!! GO THERE and LEARN programing,... Read More and YOU WILL LIKE IT !!!!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is known as one of the top coding bootcamps in the country and for good reason. The curriculum is stringent and top-notch. It is a very selective process to even get into the program and when you do the intensity only increases from there.... Read More It is a bootcamp after all. This bootcamp is probably the equivalent of the Navy Seals or Green Berets bootcamp but for your programming skills (and your mental capacity).Most of the stress comes from having to pass 6 assessments in order to stay in the program. They range from topics like basic sort and search algos in Ruby and JS to SQL queries and Rails backend basics. I liked the intensity and learned a lot from the weekend study sessions and nightly homework. I cannot imagine another bootcamp having better, more informed, and brilliant Technical Assistants (teachers) than AA. Finally, once you struggle through your final projects (building a full-stack application) and learn a ton from this process, you enter the job search curriculum. App Academy is just as stocked with good strategies for landing a well-paying job. Despite me not having the best projects and it being the Christmas / New year holidays, I managed to get some good traction with recruiters and hiring managers to land some interviews and ultimately get a job offer early in the new year. If you can make it through the 3 months of intense technical curriculum, then getting a job is relatively easy, especially in a market like NYC. If you don't mind being uncomfortable in order to grow and be pushed to your limits, this is the place for you.I would highly suggest this bootcamp for anyone thinking of doing this type of thing.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum is challenging and fast-paced, but absolutely worth it for the experience you get that truly makes you competitive in the job market. After graduation you will have the skills to build full-stack applications and websites, and just as importantly,... Read More you will have the knowledge and confidence to learn any new technology that you're interested in that wasn't covered in the course. Most of the work is done via pair programming, which can be uncomfortable in the beginning, but it grows on you and is a really useful skill to have. TA support during the class portion is also really good.In terms of job support after graduation, I don't find it nearly as successful as the scholastic curriculum. I don't I think App Academy is necessarily at fault, I think it's just really difficult to land your first professional job in general. I think the school is doing most of what they can, access to alumni boards, interview and job searching tips, weekly meetings with advisors, etc., but as a student you should understand that most the weight will be on you to find a job.Read Less",app-academy
"My cohort started with about 80-90 students and 73 are about to graduate this week. There are ~9 TAs which makes the TA:Student ratio around 1:8. Not all the TAs are available to help (they may have other responsibilities), so that might explain why it... Read More would sometimes take hours to get our questions answered like other reviews have mentioned. They say they do that on purpose to try to get us to find out answers ourselves like how we would in the real world. Indeed, my googling skills have gotten so much better since I've started App Academy. While having such a big class has its downfall, I am actually really glad I get to meet so many wonderful people. Majority of the curriculum involves pair programming so you get to work with a different person everyday. The support we get from each other makes me feel like we are a big family going through a big challenge together.Read Less",app-academy
"I thoroughly enjoyed being in class, working with peer students and sharing knowledge with each other. TA's are very helpful and they make all efforts to make students understand the concept well. Assessments make you feel the pressure, but they will... Read More make sure to give all practice materials to get through the assessments with ease. Pair programming is best and a/A wanted students to get best out of it focussing on understanding the material rather than project completion.Projects at the end are really helpful to have deeper understanding of the material from the start. If you are willing to spend all your time and effort for the duration of the course, then go for it. Good Luck!Read Less",app-academy
"I have finished the instructional portion of App Academy and am currently transitioning into the job search portion of App Academy.If you are comparing App Academy against other bootcamps, I think App Academy is the better option as of this writing. I... Read More have a roommate attending Hack Reactor (HR) and my understanding is that HR is equivalent to the second half of App Academy. In practice, this means you lose out on learning a second language (Some companies, such as Google, care about how many languages you learn) and do not learn databases or CSS as deeply.If you are wondering whether you are a good fit for App Academy, I would follow the advice of those before me and go through Harvard's computer science Edx program before attending. It is not imperative that you fully understand everything from that course, but a general idea of the concepts helped me excel at App Academy. I came from a political science background, but I understood programming concepts thanks to predicate logic, the Harvard Edx course, and from video games. So, you do not need extensive knowledge of coding, but attending App Academy without some exposure is a mistake.The program itself is rather rigorous and you will find that you live under a rock for the duration of it. Our cohort had the easiest time because our program aligned with several holidays. Nevertheless, I found myself skipping my normal gym routine in favor of late-night studying. The most telling part of the workload was when I caught the flu and missed an entire week at App Academy. During that time, I still did the work, on my own, and turned it in to avoid strikes (Yes, you get strikes while sick). I often thought I could rest and make up for lost time later that night, but when I compared my pace to my classmates, I found that not only were they working while I was resting, but even during the hours I felt I could pull ahead. Simply put, there is no escaping the time-sink involved in this type of program. When we finished the material and began personal projects, I found myself running on four hours of sleep per night.How enjoyable the experience is will largely depend on your fellow students. I felt as if I shared a lot of experiences with my cohort and that they made the experience enjoyable. It is impossible for me to say whether other cohorts will be as exceptional. You will find yourself interacting with at least half the cohort due to paired programming and your breaks will be spent discussing the material. Personally, I enjoyed pair programming since I value the time I spend with my cohort, but some people felt it was not as enjoyable -- it really depends on your preferences. My biggest criticisms of this program are its strike policy and location. As previously mentioned, you accrue strikes while sick and that inclined people to attend class, with the flu, during my time at App Academy. My other criticism is that it is located in rather expensive places. It might not be feasible to relocate, but New York and San Francisco are infamously expensive locations and are not necessarily the nicest places (In terms of cleanliness). Be prepared to budget if you attend. I know some people mitigate this cost by traveling from afar, but given the tedium of the program, I would highly advice against it.Overall, I think the program pushes acquainted individuals to become great software engineers.I wouldn't recommend it to people with zero exposure to coding, but a little preparation will alleviate that concern. I was surprised to read that professional developers are paying to learn material App Academy teaches such as React and Redux. I often impressed my software engineer friends when I told them what we learned/were learning, so I believe the curriculum is rather exceptional.Read Less",app-academy
"For people who are looking for a career change this is a great way to jumpstart your career as a software developer! You are given the tools to make yourself a desirable employee but what you get out of App Academy will depend on what you put in. If you're... Read More willing to put in the work and 90-100 hour weeks, you will come out with a great foundation to start your new career. Coming from a technical background, the material was not terribly difficult to comprehend but the amount of new material thrown at you constantly made it difficult to keep up. This was a great experience for me and would highly recommend this to anyone currently searching for bootcamps or looking to improve their knowledge of programming.Read Less",app-academy
"The experience of going through the in-person curriculum was stressful but worth it. It was a bit hard trying to keep up with the lessons specially when we switched from Ruby to SQL and to JavaScript in a short time span. They will teach you everything... Read More you need to learn but you have to persevere. My tip for aspiring students is to practice being vocal about your code, or just be vocal. Sure, App Academy will help you practice pair programming but it's up to you to do the extra mile and be better at making your ideas be clear to someone else. To everyone wanting to be part of App Academy, Goodluck! :)Read Less",app-academy
App Academy was a great way of diving into software engineering and meeting like-minded people. It’s not over the top difficult and I’ve found it to be extremely rewarding. The instructors are very knowledgeable and friendly so any confusion will always... Read More be short-lived.Read Less,app-academy
"If you're motivated and ready to put in the hard work, app academy's course structure will help you learn a lot in a fairly short amount of time. Don't expect to get too much help from the TAs in the later part of the course, because students to TA ratio... Read More is quite high and takes about 2-3 hrs in average to get a question answered. But it does teach you how to seek out answers the hard way. Overall, it's been a great experience, and I definitely learned a lot.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a fast-paced and rigorous program. If you are willing to learn, they will give you more than enough to learn in the span of 3 months. That being said, if you don't thrive during times of stress the style of this program might not be for... Read More you. If stress motivates you, this is a really rewarding program as most students will go the extra mile to make sure they're getting the most of the experience. App Academy won't teach you everything - that's not their goal but they provide a good foundation to take the first step towards a career in software engineering.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a truly intensive 16 week program that requires dedication to get the most out of it. This bootcamp is ideal for people with little to no prior experience in software development and will teach you the knowledge necessary to build a full... Read More stack web app by week 12. For people with some prior experience, the beginning will be a little slow as the material is tailored to new developers. Being in the latter camp, I still found this program very valuable in many ways that self-study can not compare. The structure of the curriculum and the quality of the projects students work on everyday really reinforce the concepts taught. The guidance of the teaching assistants and the camaraderie of other students provide a great learning environment that will push you to stay on track.Now for some criticisms. This bootcamp will teach you very basic fundamentals early on and then transition quickly into being focused on frontend web development. The practical skills taught are all in frontend frameworks. This is great to train students to be able to jump into a junior frontend role and be productive, but not so great if you desire to work backend. Now of course a/A is just providing the building blocks to launch students into a career in software development and students can certainly transition into a backend role, but it likely won't be the first job after a/A. The program is 16 weeks and can not replace a CS degree. A lot of self-study is necessary right after the program ends to shore up deficiencies in the data structures and algorithms.As for the SF campus, the building is located in Financial District / Embarcadero which means rent will be very expensive if you want to live nearby. If you are moving to SF, look for housing right away after being accepted and see if you can find a roommate with a fellow student in the cohort. The equipment on campus is adequate but some upgrades could be made with the office chairs. Having your own relatively modern laptop is a must.All in all, I am very pleased with what I've gained through App Academy in the last 4 months. Putting in 60-100 hours per week was all worth it and I would do it again in a heartbeat. I've met incredible, diverse, ambitious people with whom I have no doubt will stay as long term relationships. App Academy teaches you how to learn and provides you with the structure to learn as much as possible in 16 weeks.Read Less",app-academy
"Doesn’t look like much when you walk past, but I was practically dying to code so I popped in. The definition of a hole-in-the-wall. I got the software engineering special and wow… there are no words. A course done right. Stuffed with Ruby on Rails, JavaScript,... Read More React, Redux, then topped off with essential algorithms and data structures. There’s about a million bugs between your code and the solution, so it can get a little overwhelming, but you really can’t go wrong. Not much else to say besides go see for yourself! You won’t be disappointed.Read Less",app-academy
"My time at App Academy was filled with chaos but I enjoyed every minute of it. I learned concepts and technologies I would need to learn how to be a back-end and front-end engineer. There were weekly assessments which were kind of stressful but if you... Read More put the hours in they're not that hard to pass. Towards the end we got to pick a website and make a clone of it, it was up to us to design the back-end and we used the actual website for our front-end design docs. The TA's were exceptional and helped out in any way that they could. This program is definitely not for the faint of heart or for people who can't put 80+ hours per week towards this. Although they teach you technologies such as Ruby on Rails, React, and SQL theres no way they can teach you everything there is to these technologies, the most important skill you pick up and hone during your time at the program is the ability to pick up new languages and frameworks extremely fast. I got a job at an App Academy hiring event and my career coach was extremely helpful with navigating the whole process. All in all, it was the best decision I've ever made and I would do it all over again.Read Less",app-academy
"I was a student in the August 2019 cohort. App academy is great for getting up to speed on the fundamentals as well as the cutting edge frameworks currently used in the field. You truly get to know the full stack. However, before you sign up ask them... Read More about the cohort size. Previous cohorts have been ~30 students, our cohort was 65+ and it was a challenge working in such a large group. The career coaching during the job search was also very difficult (a lot of pressure), but the coach has left a/A and the rest of the staff seem to be on their game. Your milage may vary.Read Less",app-academy
"When I was first deciding between bootcamps I wasn't sure how to determine the advantages of one over the other. Asking around in different bootcamps, App Academy definitely seemed to be the most competitive to get into as well as having a rigorous work... Read More load. I decided to attend App Academy and it was definitely one of the hardest and best things I've ever done. From the 4 months of course work, I learned a lot on frameworks and applications that are used in the industry. My cohort/class mates were extremely intelligent and I met a lot of great friends. They do have a policy where they ask you to leave if you fail two exams, which could be the reason for other negative reviews. The school provides you with everything you need to pass the exams and if you prepare enough then you should be fine. I did spend about 80 hours a week studying, but doing it alongside others is a part of the experience. The teachers/ lecturers are extremely knowledgeable and are always willing to help.Read Less",app-academy
"I like the style of this school, It push me so hard to learn lot stuff in short time, it is worth my life! and i like these teaching video. it is really good also. environment it is really important for study , and the school does give you pretty good... Read More environment to study and do you project.Read Less",app-academy
"I never regret getting into App Academy, it was challenging but definitely awarding. I learned a lot of skills including backend and frontend to prepare myself to become a full-stack engineer. As long as you work hard and put effort, you will gain a lot... Read More out of the program.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is not for the faint of heart. I attended their cohort in August 2019 and it was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life. Transitioning to software engineer seemed like a meteoric task but thankfully the high level overview that App... Read More Academy provided, gave me a strong grasp in the foundations of web development. Don't get me wrong, 3 months is definitely not an adequate time frame to feel ready as you venture to become a full fledged software engineer. What App Academy does teach you is how to learn and quickly pick up new technologies. Do note, the curriculum is extremely difficult. They state this program is not for everyone and it may not be for you. If you deteriorate under pressure this is not the program for you. If you aren't willing to put in at least 100 hours a week, this program isn't for you.Read Less",app-academy
"This program teaches you all the stuff you need to become a web developer. If you have passion to put yourself to study and work hard to become a software developer, this is a good place to begin. If you are stuck for interviews and job search, they help... Read More you out with great resources.Read Less",app-academy
"Very fast class with helping with a group of good people. At the end will help you build your projects for CV. Some of the job search lecture is kinda pointless, but with the personal support that they give you, it will help you find a job. Do wish it... Read More will have more React and Redux that they will go over.Read Less",app-academy
"Before attending, I had read reviews online that talked about 80+ hour weeks to keep up. Honestly, it's not that bad. Some people do pick up on the curriculum faster than others, but most people will probably only put in around 60 hours a week. That being... Read More said, it's definitely a full-time commitment. Overall, it was a good experience since the environment is pretty friendly and everyone is helpful.Pros:1. Instructors are amazing. They really care about your learning and work way too much to answer questions/fix bugs that may occur. 2. Curriculum is pretty good. There is a clear path and plenty of tools to help you get there. You do have to be committed and put in the time on your own to master the content.3. They're pretty flexible, and will genuinely listen to feedback. It's nice seeing some changes based on what people have suggested.Cons: 1. The course definitely ramps up: it gets much harder towards the end, as learning becomes more independent. Not too much of a con though.2. They really emphasize pair programming, which is usually a pro. However, they randomly assign partners and when you get a few partners that aren't prepared, it makes your week so much worse.Read Less",app-academy
"The only cons I can think of for App Academy would be the location and having to wake up so early. Other than that I feel that the learning environment is great, being surrounded by other people with similar interests and goals and supporting each other... Read More made App Academy a ton of fun. Even while working hard and studying most of the day, the friends and connections that you'll make will be well worth it. If you have a passion or interest in software engineering, I would definitely recommend App Academy if you have the time, regardless of the outcome you'll gain a lot out of the program.Read Less",app-academy
"Going to echo some others' comments here around getting what you put in. Personally, this has been one of the most rewarding educational experiences I've undergone (that's counting K-12 and a rigorous undergraduate experience) for a couple of reasons:... Read More 1. If you are willing to put 80-100hrs of work into doing anything a week, you are going to learn very quickly and become good at whatever you're doing. What's difficult is setting up the correct incentive structure for yourself, having mentorship to guide you through your learning process and correct you when you're wrong, and and most importantly, having similarly incredibly motivated others to undergo the process with. App Academy provides that part for you. Your motivation is the other part of the equation. 2. I met some incredible people through this experience from all places in life and had to pair program with all of them. I'm talking mothers with newborns, former flight attendant, master carpenter, professional poker players, never went to college, just graduated from college, biotech field alums, startup founders, people for whom english was a second language). Huge learning experience for me, and something you're just not going to get from self-study. 3. I loved building something end-to-end, learning how to figure out how to learn what you don't know in order to get something work, learning how to talk about your thought process cogently etc. These are all skills they drill into you here.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has given me a solid foundation of the topics it covers. I went from not being able to discuss web development to understanding what I am talking about. In addition to learning the skill sets to land me a job which I find engaging, it also... Read More allowed me to see the amazing backgrounds which make up Software Engineers. I would highly recommend App Academy to anyone, I would caveat that it is hard work but is doable.Read Less",app-academy
"As someone who had little coding background, I learned a lot and I learned it quick. Thankfully, the TA's are amazing and really care about you doing well. So while even though the curriculum can be rough, you can always get some clarity from them. It... Read More is definitely stressful and quite time consuming. Plan to be solely dedicated to this as it is not a program you can do while also maintaining a job or anything else for that matter. Definitely glad I did it!Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: - You really are able to create a fully web app by the end of the program- You meet a lot of very supportive, awesome people in the class that come from various backgroundsCons:- You have to be able to know how to learn on your own, it is impossible... Read More to pass the bootcamp expecting someone to hold your hand along the wayIf you think App Academy alone will get you a job, then it might not be the right place for you. What they do do is provide an excellent foundation for people new to the software engineering field, and that foundation should prove useful in picking up new topics as you progress into the field.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum covers so many topics that are actually useful for getting a job. It is very face-paced so if you're not a quick learner, you'll struggle a lot and might even fail out of the program. Like all others said in their reviews, this is definitely... Read More not for everyone. To get most out of the program, you need to be mentally, physically, financially, and intellectually ready.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has a rigorous curriculum, but is incredibly rewarding. In just a few months you go from barely knowing anything about coding, to being able to develop full stack apps. Along the way you also meet some amazing people and have a fantastic support... Read More system. You are surrounded by other students who share your same passion for coding as well as TA's who went through the program themselves. It's a lot of hard work, and can be stressful keeping up with the light-speed curriculum, but it's 100% worth it.Read Less",app-academy
I had a lot of fun and learned a lot. It took a lot of work though! Really do look at giving appacademy a go! They have the best people for sure and an ideal location in the city of San Francisco... I really liked it and felt it helped me learn a lot... Read More of new thingsRead Less,app-academy
"Learning is slow paced in the beginning, but speeds up as the program progresses. You really start to learn when you're thrown into the project building portion. At this point it could take up to 5 hours to get a Teacher to show up to help you out, so... Read More you have to figure stuff out yourself. Some of the Teachers are amazing, others are lackluster, so you never know what you're gonna get when you ask a question. Overall I've learned a lot in App Academy, I just wish I could say it was mostly their doing.Read Less",app-academy
Learned a lot of new technologies with very important skill of debugging. Curriculum is designed carefully to get the maximum output. It's a fast paced learning environment which is my favorite thing for this curriculum. The only thing i felt needs improvement... Read More is management of job search phase. Lack of communication and proper announcements.Read Less,app-academy
"Before App Academy I had no coding experiences whatsoever, but I definitely admit that this program has taught me more than what I could've learned on my own. The program really pushes you to try hard and will provide you with all the materials needed... Read More to succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"The program is good, learned a lot in a span of a couple of months and I feel confident enough to say I'm a software engineer/developer. One of the few downsides that comes to my mind is not focusing more on React/Redux and JavaScript which are very important... Read More and the fact we do Ruby for 2 months doesn't make sense.Read Less",app-academy
"You get out what you put in. This is the most work I've ever put into something in my life -- 80-90 hours per week -- but if you're willing to put in the effort to study and work hard, you'll get a solid foundation out of it. The projects you build are... Read More the best part -- building multiple full-stack applications from scratch (one solo, one as a team), and a front-end only JavaScript project that start you out with a nice portfolio to showcase your skills when you don't have job experience.Read Less",app-academy
"Rigorous training that will get your skills up to industry standards in a few short months. Three large projects at the end of the course give you a good amount practical experience and knowledge so you can build your own projects, for either your own... Read More portfolio or for future employers. Deferred tuition plan ensures you do not pay salary until you find a job.Read Less",app-academy
This program is challenging but well worth it. You will spent about 80-90hours every week. If you are thinking about entering the coding industry this bootcamp is a good choice. It is not for everyone. As I said its really challenging and you have to... Read More spent 100% of your time on this program. But you will meet a lot of great people along the way and get a really good education.Read Less,app-academy
"Good program, you will learn a lot in a short time (4 months). At the end of the course you will complete 3 projects including a full stack clone project, mern group project and JavaScript (data visualization/ game) project. Overall a good program and... Read More a great way to change your careerRead Less",app-academy
"I'm currently in my fifth of sixth months at App Academy and I can honestly say that I've never learned so much so quickly. At this point in the curriculum I have a lot of confidence in my skills and I am actually looking forward to the job search. I... Read More will say it has been a rough ride. This has been my life for the last 5 months and I've spent somewhere between 60-90 hours a week on average studying/reading to stay afloat but it has all been worth it as I can now build websites using different technologies all by myself. I'd recommend a/A to anyone who is serious about becoming a software developer, just know that while you're in this program it's going to take up MOST of your time.Read Less",app-academy
"I made it through the storm that is App Academy. App Academy is the most time consuming and stressful thing I have done in the last few years(And that includes starting a business). My cohort started with around 25 people... In the end, there were only... Read More 10 of us left(including a coder that was rolled back into our group). Even though App Academy hours are from 8 am - 5 pm pacific time, there is usually a few hours of homework and readings every night as well. I usually found myself going to bend around midnight to 2 am studying every night since I was in central time.In addition there are six assessments which you must score around an 85% to 90% or better in order to pass or after two fails you may be asked to leave the program. So between studying for these assessments to remain in the program, doing the nightly homework videos, readings and coding projects where you are expected to take on and learn new content, and the daily grind of 8 am to 5 pm (or 10 am to 7 pm if you are in the mid-west), and any ongoing projects or other fun homework that might be assigned, you might find yourself incredibly busy.During the week it is pretty much impossible to find time to get out or do anything social. I made sure to keep myself active though and workout daily. I think the assessments create a very stressful learning environment for the students and aren't a good measure of a coders ability. I saw many coders very stressed about the upcoming assessments. For some this brings out the best and motivates people to do better. For others, they would simply self-destruct.What I love about App Academy is that it has taught me to think like a coder instead of having to resort to copy and paste or following tutorials to create websites, write backends, set up API endpoints, create games, or manage the flow of an app. I feel confident that I can build anything or learn any new kind of technology stack very quickly and use the thought process that I have gained from App Academy. I was bummed at first that they taught Ruby as I consider it a dying language(Yes Ruby is still in demand). Even though it has many easy and useful and methods that can making coding much faster and simpler, it appears that it is not being used nearly as much by companies as Javascript, Python, Java, and some other languages. (By the way App Academy is switching to Python and I am excited to get access to their content). However, App Academy taught me Javascript as well, React, the MERN stack with MongoDB. I learned GraphQL, docker, postresql, how to make GeoQueries, organize my code better, and take advantage of object oriented programming. I mastered algorithms, recursion, data structures, became great at debugging and learned many other things.Their curriculum is on a whole other level from what you will usually find. If you complete the course, you will a deep understanding of algorithms, data structures, how servers work, requests, responses, big-O, LRU cache, optimizations and many other things. We did things like creating our own version of Rails Active Record to see how Ruby on Rails worked behind the scenes. We did the same thing with JQuery. Once again, its more than just copy and paste. It's real understanding that you can take to any other endeavor.And what I have found, when picking up a new language, framework or stack, is that the thought process is pretty much the same. I have been able to teach myself Dart to make mobile apps in Flutter and pick up python very quickly just using the techniques and knowledge that I gained from App Academy.The Instructors are excellent, brilliant problem solvers, very knowledgeable and almost always available, even on the weekends or if you have a late night question.I am currently about to start the Job Search phase, so we will see how this converts to finding a job. However, I feel very confident in my abilities. Would I have put in 19 hours a day in coding for 6 months without App Academy? Probably not. App Academy also gave me streamlined curriculum to be prepared for the job search and and to be ready to build anything, instead of wasting my time on many youTube videos or Udemy courses that aren't useful don't help you to actually learn to solve problems like a coder.Even beyond the job search, this has definitely changed my life, since I have many website and app ideas, and now I possess the skills to bring them into reality. I am no longer unsure where to start or how to attack a problem. App Academy has helped to break down problems and return solutions.I do wish they went more into design. But I found myself getting very strong at design by working on the projects at the end of the course.Read Less",app-academy
"The assessments are an arbitrary measure of skill, go to a bootcamp that believes in teaching. aA will only work if you are capable of teaching yourself entirely and then why would you be paying for the experience?There are not enough staff to adequately... Read More help students who need their questions answered. Groups of students are over-crowded to the point of long bathroom lines during breaks and queues for refilling water or using the microwave. It's pretty clear they value milking maximum profit from their students over turning out quality developers. Do yourself a favor, stay far away.Read Less",app-academy
"TLDR: Loved it, and definitely worth it!Longer version:You really do get a job over 100K, typically within the first month or so if you're on top of your cohort. So if you're confident in your logical ability, definitely worth it. The flip side is, if... Read More programming seems hard for you, no matter how good the bootcamp, the job search is going to kick you in the butt. That said, 90% of graduates get hired in the first year, so if you get in, the odds are in your favor! Aa is pretty selective in who they admit, and it ensures that people are capable of succeeding in this very competitive field. Computer engineering is a lot of work, but damn it is more interesting than almost any other job out there, and pays well too. Anyways, I say, take the dive!Read Less",app-academy
"I think their curriculum is great and very well planned out. Very small portions are not up to date and some of the videos aren't the best, but all the written material is a great starting point to point you in the right direction. For the price, it would... Read More be great if they could somehow get more experienced instructors and lecturers, but maybe that's not feasible. The job search support/guidelines seems very thorough/top-notch.Read Less",app-academy
"It is highly condensed by design, and you need to be ready for that. You can also get through the whole curriculum without a lot of the material just studying for tests - don't do that, it will not benefit you. Overall, quite a positive experience and... Read More I'm could not be more happy I decided to do it.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: If you're new they will help you transition in programming, it starts off with Ruby then changes into Javascript. At the end you will be able to code and you will see a huge difference if how you were before versus the endCons: It's a lot of work... Read More so be prepared for it to take a lot of timeRead Less",app-academy
"Had a very exciting, fun experience going to app Academy. Everybody is just so nice, no matter who they are. Everybody is willing to help you to learn. I can say that it can be frustrating at most of the time but when you see the output of everything... Read More you worked for, it can also be so satisfying where you can surprise yourself on what you can do. Another good thing about them is they will never stop helping you as long as you need them.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: If you're new, they'll get you started. You'll learn an intro to everything you need in Ruby, Rails, JS, HTML, CSS. You get great projects to work on, and the staff is super friendly and helpful.Cons: You only get an intro to many topics. Often... Read More times you'll go in depth about certain topics, but many of the more nuanced/difficult topics you probably won't go too deep in. In most cases this is okay. The curriculum for the MERN stack is inadequate. They try to teach you MongoDB and Express by having you just use their code and read Mongoose.js documentation.Read Less",app-academy
"It was challenging at times but well worth it. If you are thinking about doing a bootcamp, I suggest looking up the right bootcamp for you. It is not for everyone. It is really like drinking from a firehose. But you will meet a lot of people along the... Read More way.Read Less",app-academy
"As a recent graduate I am still working to fulfill the goal I set before joining App Academy, to get paid as a professional developer. Even though I am not able to tell you how a/A helped me achieve that goal, I can say that the long hours and break neck... Read More pace in a variety of projects, as well as pair programming, definitely changed my own perspective of what I can accomplish within a week and I'm confident I can take care of any job that the industry will throw at me.I'll be honest: At their pace you wont retain most of what you learn. You will be acquainted with many things, but not quite knowledgeable in them. Maybe that's what the industry wants, maybe it is just how I feel. Regardless, it is a mixed bag. Do your research, be prepared for it, and make most of it.Read Less",app-academy
"If you're looking to dive into the field head first, this is an incredibly rigorous program that will test you every single day. Moreover, the instructors and highly skilled and knowledgable and someone is always there if you have questions. Be prepared... Read More for 12-14 hour days over the course of the program but you will come out of it with the skills you're looking for. Excellent career quest job support as well upon graduationRead Less",app-academy
Rigorous curriculum. Knowledgeable staff. Amazing community. App Academy provides a transformative experience that enables aspiring developers to take it to the next level. I'm confident that the skills and lessons I've learned in this program will allow... Read More me to hit the ground running and immediately provide value.Read Less,app-academy
"App academy is a fast-paced no frills experience. This course expects a lot from its students, both in time and in dedication. I have a lot of respect for people in non-tech related backgrounds with the courage and drive to make it through this course.... Read More I come from a technical background and came out learning a great deal about how to think critically, write clean and modular code, and create full-stack applications. If you are curious about how to create applications AND the fundamentals that make up programming, App Academy would be a good fit.Read Less",app-academy
"The past few months at App Academy has been difficult but incredibly rewarding. The curriculum is definitely really fast-paced, as you are trying to learn how to develop a full-stack web application in merely a few months. However, as long as you are... Read More willing to put in the time and have a true passion for coding, you will succeed in this program!Read Less",app-academy
"While having a structured learning environment, and a well-curated curriculum is essential for success in absorbing so much material in such a short time. I felt the most important yet unadvertised aspect of App Academy is the camaraderie and mutual support... Read More engendered by its people. I learned so much from my classmates who were all diligent and brilliant . They inspired me to try harder and keep up. The TAs are knowledgable and supportive. My advice to any prospective student is to have faith in the program and also have blind faith in yourself.Read Less",app-academy
"I came to App Academy with no previous coding experience, other than the small amount required to apply (which they have resources for). By the end of the program, I had made three functioning sites. No joke, it's a ton of work and it's all you'll do... Read More from morning to eve the whole time (if you want to be successful). There were certainly times of stress, but fun and knowledge you gain vastly outweigh that.Read Less",app-academy
"You will learn more than you thought was possible in 3 months. The environment cultivated by the curriculum, the TAs, and your fellow students is one where there's almost a compulsion to keep working to just keep up. In 16 weeks you will be able to build... Read More full stack projects, both solo and as a group and have a solid foundation in JS, Rails, React, and more. The curriculum is solid and definitely speeds up the initial learning pains of learning a new project/building applications from scratch. They have built a formula that works, and having structure and guidance in the madness that is software development and job search was certainly one of my favorite aspects of the program.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was an amazing experience! The curriculum was great and it was challenging every single day. I felt like I learned a ton and it was euphoric during the end of the program where we were doing individual projects. Crazy to believe 6 months ago... Read More I barely knew how to code and I was able to build some cool applications! This experience created a base foundation for my knowledge that I will use for the rest of my career!Everyone who walks through those app academy doors are super motivated and I met some great friends along the way here. Its great coming in everyday and be in an environment thats highly motivating just to change your life. Id recommend this program to anyone if theyre willing to put in the work. Its no joke, it literally takes over your life the months are attend.Read Less",app-academy
"This was a life experience where I learned different things over different days at a different pace with different people for different purposes but at the end of the day, it was just a life experience like any other worth it or not time will tell..",app-academy
"App Academy is an extremely difficult course, yet very gratifying. Pair Programming allowed me to learn the intricacies of backend development in the most immersive manner. Looking back to the first day, I barely was able to grasp the concept of implicit... Read More returns in Ruby, and now I am able to genralize json data from an into a series of position and scaling algorithms in the D3.js library. This Journey has been surreal.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a challenging experience, but equally as rewarding. I was very nervous going into the bootcamp, and even even considered dropping out in the very beginning. With the help of my TA's, however, I was able to over come my anxiety and persevere.... Read More There will be times that you feel overwhelmed, but do your best to absorb what you can and by the end of the program you'll be amazed at what you can accomplish. Also, never sacrifice sleep for work. The curriculum goes at a steady pace, but will not wait for you to recover if you start to lag. Finally, make sure to talk with the TA's if you need assistance, they are all great people and more than willing to help with questions or other problems.Read Less",app-academy
"I just finished the online curriculum that began May 27, 2019, and ended November 8, 2019. The curriculum is no easy task. It takes everything you have. I was only able go through the course because I had an amazingly supportive partner that did everything... Read More while I studied and coded. Seriously, you will have no time to do anything besides study, code, and sleep. If you do anything else your performance will suffer. Be prepared to give up everything else in your life for the duration of the curriculum. I was putting in 80 hours per week and more. You get very few reprieves during your time in App Academy; it's called a bootcamp for reason. Do the readings. Do the homework. I will repeat: DO THE READINGS, DO THE HOMEWORK. Pass the assessments. You won't have time for anything else. You will do fine.That being said, the curriculum is fairly good/decent, and will tell you what you need. Some spots are a bit lacking. The real value, however, is in the instructors. Without their guidance this would have been a much more difficult mountain to climb. My cohort was incredibly fortunate to have a pair of amazing instructors who not only did what App Academy expected them to do, but went well above and beyond. They gave up weekend days to help us study for assessments, one of them helped us from the airport on their day off while traveling, stayed after class to answer any questions, recorded these after-hours sessions for those who were unable to attend due to various reasons. In addition to that, make friends! You will help them, then they will help you. You will understand something they don't; they will understand something you won't. I made a tight-knit group and we have been helping each other since. You will keep each other accountable. The full stacks might seem a little rushed, but you will come back to them later.The job search is definitely another mad dash afterwards. Just because the curriculum is over, doesn't mean the bootcamp is; it's over when you get hired. You are give a lot of help and support to get you started; resume help, portfolio site help, how to deploy your full-stack sites, and more. Afterwards, once you are given the green light to start applying (they might keep you from it for a week so you can polish your full-stack projects and do a mock interview to make sure you are ready), you are required to do at least 25 job applications per week to hold to your end of the tuition contract, along with continual studying/improvement of your skills; all of this is logged in an online system.If you can get through the next 6 months (less for in-person) and trudge through the rejections in the job hunt, you will be glad you went to App Academy. Make no mistake: it will be tough.Read Less",app-academy
"If you're a hard worker, then App Academy is the place for you! From the very beginning of the application process, I was impressed with how much I learned from just following App Academy's free online Intro to Ruby coursework. My trust in the curriculum... Read More never ceased. The atmosphere is one of the best educational atmospheres I've experienced - I'm sure this is because of App Academy's amazing TAs. It might be intimidating to hit the ground running with tons of new material every week, especially with App Academy's test fail-out system.. But at App Academy, you will be a part of a great community of people who are as hardworking as they are talented and smart. You will all struggle together and learn SO much together - all the hard work will pay off!Read Less",app-academy
"Pair programming really helped boosted my confidence up by pairing me with different people every day. Projects were fun and I learned a lot just by working on them. We focused a lot on 3 projects towards the end of program and was able to include them... Read More in my resume. Staffs here really care about the students, and everything was great!Read Less",app-academy
"It was one of the best experience, it was intense but you learned a lot within 3 weeks. If you are decided to attend a/A, remember to eat and sleep well. Its very stressful and you feel like your behind but do have at least 7-8 hours of sleep. Thats one... Read More thing I took lightly and I crashed.Read Less",app-academy
"Definitely a full-time commitment. Coursework really pushed you to learn a ton of new things in a short amount of time. If diving head-first into programming and making a big life change is your goal, this is a good place to learn quickly, even if it... Read More sometimes feels like being thrown into the deep end. Made a lot of good friends. Heavy emphasis on paired programming. Assessment policy is very strict and there is more to learn than there is time in the day -- expect it to feel stressful and be ok with not being able to finish everything.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros- The community of peers and instructors are App Academy are extremely supportive. I definitely feel comfortable approaching them for help and being honest with my struggles. You learn a lot in 16 weeks and practice being comfortable with discomfort.... Read More Cons- It really is very fast-paced, especially when the projects begin.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are willing to put in the work, this program will undoubtable prepare you for working as a software dev. Definitely not for everyone and would only consider if you are willing to make a/A your only focus for 4-6 months. Workload and pacing is extremely... Read More fast and many struggle to keep up (more like 90 to 100 hours a week), but extremely rewarding in the end (coming from someone who just graduated from a top 5 public university in a competitive major). Due to the competitive tuition models, there is definitely a ton of filtering in the admissions process, as well as several systems/assessments in place throughout the course to make sure students are giving their full effort and not just along for the ride. Transition from 12 week to 16 week is apparent and still being worked out, but the sheer amount of material and resources available is truly incredible. This being said, this is a double edged sword in that there is always something to be working on and you will never really feel like you ""completed"" anything before moving on... but that's the point. Constant exposure to a wide range of material day in and day out. Pair programming daily; get ready to work with others and be able to explain your thoughts and programming decisions on the fly. Really forces you to do the daily homework and show up prepared each day, ready to learn even more in lecture. Job and career coaches are really dedicated to helping you get your materials together and seem to genuinely care about your success after the program ends. Course work is really relevant and tailored to languages and frameworks that are considered relevant/trendy in the industry, as well as plenty of attention given to theory/algorithms/more theoretical material that will help in interviews, as well as just general programming knowledge. Big focus on Ruby/Rails in the beginning, with a hard shift to JavaScript about halfway. Will feel very comfortable with both by the end. You are very on your own for the projects. Instructors will help with large bugs, but other than that, you pretty much utilize what you learned in the previous 12 weeks of the course. Speaking of instructors, they essentially hire the most well rounded ~2 students from every cohort, so they're an amazing resource for help and advice. Overall, amazing experience and would recommend to anyone who is looking to change their career/get their start in software development. I feel very prepared in regards to the languages /frameworks i've learned here, but also things like OOD, TTD, algorithm and database design, etc.Read Less",app-academy
"At App Academy, you'll be learning something new everyday throughout the course of the program. You'll be drinking out of a fire hose going full blast and trying not to drown but all the instructors at App Academy will be at your disposal keeping you... Read More afloat so utilize them and you'll learn a lot!Read Less",app-academy
"I just graduate from App Academy, I was a great experience overall. My favorite part of the program was the group projects, I learn a lot on how to work in a team, code review and pull request, we used all our knowledge acquire during the past 12 week... Read More and built a great project. Great Program, recommended.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has assuredly been the hardest thing that I have done but, it has also been the most rewarding. Going from no programming experience to a real full-stack developer who feels capable enough to interview at components like Google or Amazon is... Read More what App Academy promises and it delivers. IF you put in the work, and there is almost no time for breaks. It is not for everyone but for people who think that sounds like the right fit, there is no betterRead Less",app-academy
"App academy was by far the most stressful time of my life, and at times straight up miserable... That being said I would not trade the experience for anything. Going through App Academy 24 week course is one of the things I am most proud of. Just for... Read More a bit of context I am a 21 year old high school dropout that didn't finish the 10th grade and was in and out of homeless/domestic violence shelters with my mom and sisters. sufficient to say we missed a lot of school. My son was born when I was 16, married my high-school sweetheart at 17, and my daughter was born when I was 19. The point is that there was there was every reason for me to think that I wasn't good enough to have the title Software Engineer. However, 3 weeks ago I finished the 24 week online course and can say with a high degree of certainty that I will land a job in the next few months (Will update onChange). This is not say that the course is not hard. It was the single hardest thing that I have ever done. When they say 100 hours a week they mean it. I personally did at least 16 hour days 7 days a week for 20 weeks( throughout the main part of the course). Did many all nighters and even more 20 hour days to stay caught up. Basically if i wasn't sleeping/eating I was studying. App Academy doesn't just teach you all of the skills to be a successful Software Engineer, as corny as it is to say they really do teach you how to learn. The very dedicated,patient and knowledgeable T.As brake vary hard concepts down to the absolute base foundation, then start building on it at a pase that is continously pushing you passed what you thought was your limit. I would like to take the chance to shine a light on a T.A named Trevor. He is a shining example of why App Academy is the best. aA hire's Caring, knowledgeable and relatable engineers to give you the best possible chance. I think I can speak for any/all of my fellow corhotins that regardless of the language/stack/problem, we have the skills to pick up whatever is put in front of us and quickly be able to preform the task at an industry standard level. The Friendships and relationships that I made over the last 6 months will last a lifetime. In conclusion the decision to commit to app academy should not be taken lightly, it definitely lives up to the name bootcamp. I can admit that I was not smartest person in my class but what I lacked in natural intelligence was overwriten by alot of hard work and a very well layed out plan. If you are truly committed to becoming a software engineer then app academy is for you.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy, for sure, was challenging. Even for someone with a CS background. Students do projects and pair programming daily. And it really prepares you for working in a professional environment. During the Bootcamp, you get to work on cool projects... Read More and develop a couple of full-stack applications for your portfolio. App Academy is really great. However, be prepared because it's gonna take all your time and energy.Read Less",app-academy
"If you're looking for a review that says App Academy was easy, you won't find it anywhere! App Academy is a no bs, challenging experience that dives right into the material. It will challenge you in a good way. You almost have to teach yourself how to... Read More think differently. I had minimal to no coding experience prior to app academy whatsoever. Completing this course successfully has given me the greatest sense of accomplishment. It was extremely tough, expect long hours of hard work and almost no free time during the course. All said and done, it was worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: Learn a lot in a short amount of time, hands-on experience, experience pair-programming and working remotely if you are an online student, gain communication skills, you can be building functional websites entirely on your own within six months... Read More (if online student) without having any previous experience programmingCons: Students leave program relatively weak on algorithms/data structures &amp; HTML/CSS, TAs get touchy if students ask too many questions (students ARE paying to learn, after all...)Read Less",app-academy
I came to this program expecting to be handed a job right after the last day but it's not like that. You will have to pump out 25 job applications per week or risk getting charged 30 grand. You also can't fail more than two test or they charge you that... Read More 30 grand. Sounds bad but if you're someone that's shy or submissive then this bootcamp will shape you to be more assertive. You pretty much have to.As for the actual content of the course they teach Ruby which I heard is soon getting replaced by Python. If you're considering this bootcamp then wait a bit for that change. The JavaScript part is solid. I went from no experience to being able to make websites in less 6 months. The also have modules for Job Searching which really helps. Getting a job after will depend on how much work you put it and where you are at. If you're in California or New York and willing to relocate you're for sure getting a job. The instructors could actually hook you up with some. Anywhere else I wouldn't know. Go google it.Read Less,app-academy
"Attending App Academy was one of the most difficult, demanding, exhausting, but completely rewarding experiences I've ever had. The instructors are really great people and the course format is excellent. They demand that you pick up and master languages... Read More and frameworks extremely quickly. They are always available and willing to work with you to really understand the material. The projects, assignments, and assessments are really well designed and I loved working so intensely with the other students in my cohort. I made a lot of friends. Being forced to work really hard and meet very tight deadlines together (online video-chatting 10 hrs a day) makes you learn a lot about each other and how to communicate and collaborate effectively. I really admire the instructors for their patience tireless attempts to facilitate understanding. I would highly recommend attending App Academy if you are trying to break into the Software Development industry or improve your skills and experience.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is all around outstanding, and I genuinely mean it when I say life-changing. I have met some exceptional individuals who I have the honor of calling friends. Because of App Academy, I have grown a community and network, went from knowing next... Read More to nothing to being a full-fledged software engineer, gained job search, interviewing, and negotiation knowledge that I will take to my grave, and that's just the beginning. I believe that App Academy provides a near flawless and perfect experience for anyone that has a passion for and a want to transition into Computer Science/Software EngineeringRead Less",app-academy
"Totally worth it! I met and worked with some of the smartest people I know. My instructors were kind, patient, and super knowledgeable. I went from barely knowing the basics to creating full-blown applications in 6 months. The pace was pretty difficult... Read More at times, but truly applying myself 100% was refreshing! App Academy's financial policy is a hard deal to beat. They care about your future first and take the immediate burden of $$$ off of you so that you can truly focus and be at your best. I wish all schools were as productive, down-to-business, and no-BS as aA!Read Less",app-academy
"I can attest that App Academy works: I went in knowing only what I dimly remembered from intro comp sci back in college, and I’m about to start my first job as a software engineer. I’d say the greatest strengths of the program are the challenge, the support,... Read More and the accountability. The principal three-month curriculum is incredibly intense—expect 60-hour weeks at absolute minimum—but it takes you through the skills and concepts you need to know and forces you to put in the necessary work to really learn them. The instructors and TAs, though they can occasionally be overwhelmed (many are graduates of the course), are always on hand to offer helpful feedback that’s often critical to bringing together your understanding of a concept. It’s all about putting you in a structure that incentivizes you to actually put in the work, and this continues even after graduation, as you get individualized coaching and reporting tools that make sure you regularly apply to jobs and continue working on projects and coding challenges. This is especially valuable because the job search can take time—around three months in my case—and you’ll absolutely have more to learn after you graduate. Twelve weeks can’t cover every nuance of software engineering. As far as downsides, the instruction is sometimes shaky, as I said above, though years in business have polished the curriculum to the point where you’ll usually have pre-prepared resources to help you out if worst comes to worst. Your continued participation in the course depends on you passing the regular assessments, which is a major source of stress even if you have a handle on the material and prepare well. The assessments themselves also can feel more like tests of memorization than genuine reflections of how much you’ve learned. Last but not least, despite App Academy’s stated (and admirable) goal of bringing people from more diverse backgrounds into the tech industry, most of the classes seem to be overwhelmingly male, even more so than the industry as a whole. That won’t be an issue for everybody, but it’s worth mentioning. Still, I have no regrets. It was an extremely valuable learning experience for me and, obviously, it got me a job.Read Less",app-academy
"I've learned more through a/A than if I had continued to be self-taught. a/A laid a strong foundation on fundamental concepts that apply across various technologies. I've become a stronger debugger, problem solver, and engineer. Each night we had readings... Read More and homework to prepare for the next day's lecture and pair-programming project. The TA's are supportive and knowledgable about the curriculum, as they were students themselves prior to becoming a TA. They can be overstretched but they do their best to help. The striking system for assessments kept me accountable to stay on track. We got one free fail and had to do a retake if we failed a second assessment - failing the retake meant dropping out. This can be daunting but there's a great amount of support and resources. Your chances of failing decreases immensely if you reach out to the people around for help when you're stuck and devote a strong amount of time into studying. a/A also provides practice assessments for test preparation and they will recommend you to do them many MANY times. After the last assessment, you'll begin working on projects to apply what you've learned into building your portfolio. There will be less handholding and more independence, which more or less simulates what it's like to be a Software Engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is not for those you are not fully committed and wavering about what they want to do. It is immersive and challenging and stretches your limit. But it is also one of the most rewarding experience if you do make it through and apply yourself... Read More and work hard. You are not left alone in the dark though. There are a lot of support from the teachers and coaches and also your classmates. They don't let you stay stuck and always encourage you to work with them to move forward. It is pricy and it is a big commitment, but you don't regret doing it afterward - and that is a course worth taking.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has a reputation for being brutal, and it's earned it. The weeks are in fact 80 hours and everything else in your life that isn't absolutely necessary for your sanity does in fact have to yield to a/A. It's also an incredible way to learn... Read More a ton of information in a very short timespan, and does in fact confer web design ability within the three months it takes out of your life.The organization is sometimes not the best – the whole program is mostly run by some very overstretched TAs – but the structure it provides and the peer support especially are incredibly useful and it's definitely a life-changing experience.Read Less",app-academy
"I had always really wanted to learn how to code and build amazing things, but I never invested the time. It wasn't until an opportunity like App Academy, that I really decided to throw myself into the software world. And I am very glad I did.App Academy... Read More arms you with the tools that you need to succeed in the harsh software world.Read Less",app-academy
"I remember reading these reviews before App Academy trying to decide if it was ""worth it"". If you are reading this, it's worth it - TRUST ME. Is it hard? Yes. Is it a lot of money? Yes. Do you learn enough? YES. Nothing worth doing comes easy, and it... Read More is definitely worth doing.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a great experience. It is an intense program and requires you to put in a lot of work. If you put in the time and effort you will succeed. The TA's are very knowledgeable and helpful. I am not a fan of the assessments because they did... Read More require a lot of memorizing vs actual understanding of the subject. However, they are implementing changes to address this issue. My overall experience in App Academy was great, I had a lot of fun and learned a lot!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an intensive 16 week bootcamp that focuses on teaching you Ruby on Rails, React, and Javascript. What I think App Academy does well is teaching you the basics of coding. From never having coding experience to building a fully functional... Read More website in 4 months. But you have to be ready to learn. There is so much material it's impossible to do everything and thankfully the TAs are always there to help you. There's assessments every week to keep you on your toes but if you study you should be fine. After you finish the curriculum you spend time with career coaches that you guide you to finding a job which is really nice! Overall, a great experience and game changer.Read Less",app-academy
Pretty intense course. You will learn a lot from App Academy. I Just want to complain that they make us come back after graduation which was not expected. Just be ready to dedicate a lot of hours to this. The policy of paying a minimal deposit at first... Read More is the strongest incentive for anyone.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy is a difficult and rewarding experience. If you are considering attending, know that you should be committing yourself full time. I am very excited with how much I have progressed and am looking forward to my future career opportunities. If... Read More you put in the recommended amount of time, and prepare in advance, you will succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"The reason I choose to attend App Academy over other bootcamps is because of its proven success in regards to job outcomes. I am writing this review one day before the last day of the cohort, therefore I do not yet know when and where I will land a job.... Read More In terms of the actual program, I will begin by saying that it is VERY intense and I noticed that the students that excelled the most were not necessarily born geniuses but the ones that were willing to dedicate 100% of their time and effort into the cohort. They were not only focused during the routine 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. day but were also studying every day until 10 p.m. including weekends. Your work and effort inputted will be the direct result of the results your achieve in the program. So my advice to anyone that will be attending AA is that you should seriously commit 100% of your time to learning the material. I believe that the program is definitely worth it and it is a life changing experience.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is not for the faint of heart. If you don’t like rules and tests and mandatory attendance, then it may not be for you. Be ready to give up your entire social life and any hobbies for 3-4 months so you can spend every waking moment studying,... Read More or else you will fail out of the program. You'll be spending all day in a stuffy room with no windows and blinding fluorescent lights that will give you migraines.That being said, the fast pace and strict requirements give you no choice but to stay focused and learn more than you thought was possible. There are some amazing TAs who are extremely knowledgeable and genuinely care about helping the students learn and grow. We spent a lot of time doing pair programming, which is a great way to learn if you like thinking out loud and working through problems with a partner. I didn’t get as much out of the lectures we had almost every day for the first two months. It’s really hard to pay attention while sitting in a dark room staring at a power point for 3 hours straight. Thankfully, they’re always collecting feedback so they can keep improving the program. All in all, if you want to learn software development and you need help with motivation and direction, App Academy is an excellent choice.Read Less",app-academy
"The lighting could be better. I do think that we will mostly all come out with jobs that pay 100k so I think they fulfill their advertising. Honestly, the program is really hard. People do fail out. You have to the practice studying or you'll fail. It... Read More is 80 to 100 hours a week. You never feel like you know anything. And you learn a lot. I would recommend if you're serious. Also I like the career coaches that they provide as sherpas at the end.Read Less",app-academy
"I recently just finished up at App Academy and I want to say to anyone thinking about attending that the program is great, and that being said the people are even better. Whether it be the management staff, the instructors, or other students/graduates... Read More nearly everyone involved at App Academy was very welcoming, helpful and really strived to foster an inclusive learning environment. Really can't emphasize enough how much I've learned in the last few months, and not just about coding but about being successful in general.Read Less",app-academy
a/A offer a very comprehensive program to help you hone your skill in web development. SF a/A campus also house some of the best teaching staffs. You will learn a lot of different technologies and be rewarded as long as you put in the required and expected... Read More effort.Read Less,app-academy
"My experience at App Academy was great! I had so much fun learning how to code and am grateful for this life-changing experience! Like many of the online sources say, it IS really challenging. In the 3 months that you dedicate to App Academy, it is essentially... Read More the only thing that you can focus on. However, it is very rewarding in the end and you gain so much knowledge in such a short amount of time. Here are some personal tips and key points that I picked up from my experience at App Academy (Please note that this is from MY experience, and people accomplish/approach things in different ways):1. App Academy is challenging, but not INSANELY challenging. In my experience, I was able to keep up with App Academy's curriculum while maintaining some social/personal life. Other people say that they dedicate every day, every hour, every minute to App Academy (which is fine), but I felt that there was more free time than initially expected. I would be able to spend my Saturdays and sometimes Sundays doing social/personal stuff, and I honestly felt that this was needed.2. SLEEP is important. The instructors at App Academy can't stress this enough either. I think the thing that kept my stress level low and made my experience enjoyable was the fact that I forced myself to sleep with my regular schedule (I slept at 10:30pm and woke up at 7:30am everyday). I never felt tired during the working hours and I was still able to keep up with the curriculum. 3. You have to put in the effort to maintain this healthy lifestyle. The only reason why I was able to have fun on the weekends and get 8-9 hours of sleep everyday was the fact that I worked hard during the working hours. It's just as they say - work hard, play hard. If you actually pay attention during the lectures and actually put in your effort during the projects, you'll be able to absorb the information better, especially if you're not tired or stressed. My previous advice isn't to show that App Academy is easy, it's to show that there is a way to maintain good health and a happy lifestyle while going through the rigorous curriculum. Closing thoughts:I definitely don't know as much as those who dedicated every minute of their lives studying and working on App Academy, but I can confidently say that I was one of the happiest people there and truly enjoyed everyday of my experience with low stress. My approach was all about balance in my life, and I succeeded and made it to the end! Obviously, people work differently. If you need to lose some sleep to catch up on studying, that's fine. If you need even less days to study and can spend all weekend relaxing, that's fine too. I think the main thing is to not worry about what/how others are doing, and only focus on yourself and what YOU need to be successful and healthy.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy was a difficult program but rewarding when you get through it. This is a bootcamp and it was meant to be gruesome. At times certain days would be a slow grind to do the projects but these are part of the learning process. The instructors will... Read More do their best to prepare you for the materials taught. You need to believe in their system and do your best. App Academy's curriculum will prepare you to be a developer in the current job market. At the end of the day the work and time you put in this program will determine your success.Read Less,app-academy
"I'm writing this review for a hoodie and everything written here is my personal experience.Cons:It's really expensive to live in SF and have no income.It's stressful and demands a lot of your time. Don't expect to have much free time if you want to do... Read More well.Assessments sucks . It feels like you're only studying to pass them and it's sucks to see people fail and get kicked out.Pair programming can suck at times but it's part of the learning process.The curriculum is a bit outdated and instructions can be very unclear.Pros:You're surrounded by smart hardworking people who you'll quickly befriend.You learn a lot in a very short amount of time and it's fun doing it.The curriculum is quickly being updated and the TA's are really supportive.It beats going to college for 4 years to get a computer science degree.Take away: I think it was worth it for the skills that I learned.I came in knowing nothing and I can definitely build my own web apps now that I've gone through it, and I have.A bootcamp is only the first step. If you have the motivation to see it through to the end you'll be fine.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is often described as drinking from a fire hose in the sense that it gives more information than is possible to absorb. As a result, the curriculum is quite challenging and it is normal to feel lost and behind, but students rapidly learn an... Read More absurd amount. The TAs are extremely helpful and nice, and the projects are amazing for building your portfolio and learning. However, the current assessments could be improved since a large part of passing them is just pure memorization. Furthermore, a large part of the curriculum is Ruby which isn't as relevant in the current job market as other languages such as Python.Read Less",app-academy
"Things you should know before attending App Academy. 1. It is as demanding as people claim. 2. It is not as hard as it sounds if you do 100% of the work and devote all of your remaining time to filling in the gaps in your understanding of key concepts.... Read More You go through a lot of material very fast: keep in mind that your learning style will need to adjust to the demands of the environment. Personally, a/A changed my life! I met great people, and had interesting conversations. I look forward to landing my first SWE job soon.Read Less",app-academy
"Things you should know before attending App Academy. 1. It is as demanding as people claim. 2. It is not as hard as it sounds if you do 100% of the work and devote all of your remaining time to filling in the gaps in your understanding of key concepts.... Read More You go through a lot of material very fast: keep in mind that your learning style will need to adjust to the demands of the environment. Personally, a/A changed my life! I met great people, and had interesting conversations. I look forward to landing my fetal SWE job soon.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending app academy was the best decision i've ever made. I have always wanted to become a software engineer, and AA provided me the necessary tools! I have to admit, i was a bit skeptical upon entering, however, over the brief 16 weeks here, it's safe... Read More to say that it was well worth it.Three words for all new comers..TRUST THE PROCESS.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a really good experience. I was pretty skeptical when I first applied wondering how much I could actually learn in 3 months span. But now that I am done, I am very confident in the skills that I have learned here and can call myself a... Read More software engineer with pride. Be prepared to dedicate almost all your time to aA tho.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a really good experience. I was pretty skeptical when I first applied wondering how much I could actually learn in 3 months span. But now that I am done, I am very confident in the skills that I have learned here and can call myself a... Read More software engineer with pride. Be prepared to dedicate almost all your time to aA tho.Read Less",app-academy
"I'm decided to give coding a try after realizing that I did not want to pursue a career as a Physician Assistant. At first, I was really skeptical about joining a bootcamp. Questions like ""Am i smart enough to code?"", ""Can I really learn all that in three... Read More months?"", and ""Will I get a job?"" were always in my head before I decided to do this. Currently, I'm a few days from graduation from a/A and I think it was the right choice. I am smart enough to code, I did learn a lot in the three months, and I believe I will get a job because most graduates on average find one within 1 - 6 months. The process of the bootcamp though was really time consuming and you are literally coding every single day for basically the whole day. However, it is only in this type of environment where you can learn so much in three/four months, where you can really get grasp whether you would like a job in this industry or not. A lot of the reviews I've read before a/A said that it was really stressful, but I personally did not feel that way. I feel like if you do what you're supposed to do, and follow the curriculum, you can go through it not be stress. Plus, you also get to meet a lot of cool and smart people along the way. Shoutout to BCho and Sam.Read Less",app-academy
"As a new developer, you will learn a lot from App Academy and they will teach u everything you need to know to start building full fledge web apps. After spending 3 months of learning the full stack, it was satisfying to finally make websites that I could... Read More be proud to show off to employers. Expect App Academy to challenge you, it is called a boot camp for a reason. If you are completely new to programming, the beginning will be tough since you will have to reprogram your mind to think like a computer. If you put in the hours and commitment, software development can be the most rewarding discipline where you can build anything into reality.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall I would say I learned a lot but the assessments are rough if you come in with 0 coding experience. I had to spend over 100 hours a week studying and I feel like I barely got through the assessment material, and most students still have to spend... Read More extra time polishing their projects, doing leetcode, and learning more skills before applying for jobs. 3 months to get employed in coding starting from not knowing anything really isn't enough time to get you to employable but I would say App Academy is probably the best option for those thinking of pursuing the bootcamp option, if they can handle the stress. Our attrition rate was 16.4% which isn't too high but I felt like some of the people that got dismissed were trying their hardest and still couldn't make it throughRead Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an incredibly fast-paced and time-intensive program. The way their course system is set up, once the immersive starts, you are pushed into the deep end and must devote 100% of your time to learning to succeed. They do a very good job of... Read More integrating solo work, pair programming, and whiteboarding to truly learn how to work with other people. The curriculum gives you just enough of a technology to truly understand it, then moves on to a new subject right away. Things move at a very fast pace, and it’s very easy to get behind early if you take it too easy, and if you do this at the begining it snowballs.The main draw of App Academy over other programs is that they are invested in your success. They make the curriculum hard on purpose because they only want people with the drive to succeed. There is more curriculum than anyone could reasonably get through in a normal day, so be 100% prepared to have no life while you’re working through it. The 80-100 hours a week people talk about is not an exaggeration. All things considered the past 24 weeks have been a grueling yet highly rewarding experience. You get out of it what you put into it, and you have to put a lot into it if you want to get through the totality of the curriculum.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was probably the most challenging and most rewarding experience of my life. In the 4 months that I was in the course, I learned all the tools necessary in order to call myself a software engineer. I went from knowing absolutely nothing about... Read More coding to creating my own Instagram app clone.My favorite part of App Academy at was the networking and the amount of friends I was able to make in such a short span of time. By the end of my cohort, I was acquainted with most of the students and had developed meaningful relationships with them. In addition, my cohort mates were an excellent asset when it came to asking for help when the TAs were busy helping other students. App Academy's deferred tuition model was the reason I chose to attend. As a risk-averse individual, I was instantly drawn to this business model because I knew this meant that they truly believe in their program. If I was ever stuck on a project, the TAs, who are very knowledgeable of the material and super friendly, would help me within a moment's notice. While they do not guarantee you a job after graduation, this is probably the closest thing to a guarantee that you can get. All of the career coaches are invested in your success and will give you all the tools and resources you'll need to succeed. This program was very rigorous and time-consuming, but I am proud of myself for having made it through to the end. I now have a great foundation coming out of it and can't wait to showcase my skills during the job search.Read Less",app-academy
"The program is okay overall. Instructional TA review: Everyone on the TA staff is very friendly and care very much that all the students are learning and not lagging behind too much. However, App Academy does not have enough TAs and students do not always... Read More get the support they need. In addition, there is a pretty big gap in technical ability between the TAs. At times, TAs will have to ask another TA for help to help the student. Curriculum review:As some reviews have already stated, the JavaScript curriculum needs to be more refined. A majority of App Academy grads will find positions as front end developers or become full stack developers but their job will have them primarily do front end stuff. I think, due to this fact, App Academy focuses too much on front end. App Academy is continuously tweaking their program and I hope that they shorten the ruby section and make the JavaScript section more extensive by covering node.js and express.js in depth instead of just focusing on React / Redux. As for CSS and HTML, which App Academy dedicates time to teaching, I think it is better to leave students to learn from the great and free online resources out there. Just assign homework that needs to be completed and turned in to make sure students do the CSS. Culture: App Academy states that it is a professional environment but it is far from it. They will take violations of their diversity and inclusion principles very seriously but besides that, App Academy does not enforce students to keep professional behavior. This leads to a more relaxed environment, which helps the social aspect of the boot camp, but does get in the way of focusing on coding since people are allowed to have loud conversations about any topic they want without consequences. Job search: There seems to be adequate support. Again, because of the number of students accepted to App Academy, there seems to be a shortage in number of job search coaches.Read Less",app-academy
"I had a great experience at App Academy, but make no mistake, it is a grind. Be prepared to sacrifice your time, social life, and sleep if you want to be successful in the bootcamp. Honestly, my favorite part of the program was being able to interact... Read More with people from a variety of different backgrounds and being able to learn new things everyday. Another great thing about the bootcamp was the TAs. The TAs are all exceptionally qualified programmers who are also genuinely great, friendly people who are always open to help others. Bottom line is if you have a desire to learn and are willing to work hard you'll be great at App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been amazing. It is hard, rigorous, and oh-so rewarding. The curriculum is focused but not to focused. All of your learning prepares you not only for the job search, but for continuing your curiosity on your time by giving you so many... Read More many jumping-off points to explore on your own. Working on the portfolio projects at the end is even a good example of this.Read Less",app-academy
"My time at app academy is coming to an end, and I'm glad I went through the program. I had debated for a while whether or not to actually do it since it is a bit of a risk to quit a job and commit to being unemployed for 4+ month, but now that I'm on... Read More the other side of it I'm glad I did it. It was pretty stressful during the program, but there is a ton of support if you are able/willing to put the time in. I had other commitments outside of this class that I couldn't/didn't want to put on hold, which made it difficult to put in the time needed, but even with that I think it is doable. One other note: I think you need to somewhat enjoy coding to be able to get through it. The promise of a good job gets you far, but if you really don't like it you will burn out hard, and this class is too fast paced to have a slump that lasts more than a few days.Read Less",app-academy
"In this review, I'm going to cover some general questions based on my experience with the App Academy online cohort.1. Should you apply for a coding boot camp? I can't give you a straight answer for this because it depends on your situation. But in my... Read More case, it was worth it for me, since my goal was to learn about full-stack web development and software engineering to be as fast as possible. I think App Academy does a great job at that, and you will be surprised at how quickly you can learn here. It would have taken me far longer of self-studying to be where I'm at today. Not to mention, I've also made some great friends along the way that I talk to every day.2. How should one prepare before applying to App Academy? I did the intro-to-programming section offered on https://www.aaonline.io and felt that I was ready to schedule a technical interview with AA. I was not, I failed my first interview and was lucky enough to get invited back for another. After failing, I realized that I needed much more practice. I practiced on https://www.codewars.com every day up until my next interview. You need to time yourself and talk out loud through the problem-solving process, preferably to a friend or family member. You should also be very comfortable working with arrays and hashes in Ruby and solving problems that may require nested loops. Sidenote: https://www.leetcode.com is another excellent place to practice. 3. How many hours per week to get through the program? Like many have said before me, this boot camp is no joke. Even if you put in 80+ hours per week, you will only be scratching the surface of the topics covered. But this is the tradeoff of getting yourself job-ready as fast as possible.4. How stressful is the program? If you have no programming experience, you will need to study hard to pass the six assessments. They cover Ruby algorithms, Ruby Object-Oriented Programming, SQL, Ruby on Rails, React, and JavaScript. If you fail two of the assessment tests, you must retake one of their choosing. If you fail the retake test, you will be booted out. Yes, it's stressful, but keep your focus on the material and the great job that you're going to get out of it, and you'll be fine.5. How is the curriculum? I think that some of the newer content at the end of the curriculum could use some improvement. But for the most part, it's fantastic. I know some people may be turned off by Ruby and Ruby on Rails, but don't worry about it, you will also build full-stack applications with the MERN stack.6. How are the instructors? From my experience, they were knowledgable and friendly. Leave the ego at the door and pick their brains as much as possible. They are a valuable resource. 7. What is a day like at App Academy? At 8 AM we would meet on Zoom, the instructors would cover the daily material before splitting us up into random pairs to work on the day's projects. Throughout the day, we had access to the instructors to ask them questions. About an hour before the end of the day, we would all meet to cover the material in the day's project. Before the next day, we would then complete the assigned homework.Great experience and I would do it again.Read Less",app-academy
"I entered this bootcamp knowing little to nothing about coding. I have coded a bit in college but the curriculum that I went through was nothing I could prepare for. It was a grueling 24 week process of constant learning and coding everyday, where some... Read More days the material isn't too hard to understand while other days it was brutal to take in so much new information. Even so, looking back I am amazed at how much I have learned and the things I can do now that I couldn't do before. The job search portion of the program is also very helpful: App Academy will list exactly what you need to do to stand out amongst your peers to get a job as soon as possible. All in all, this is a great program and would definitely recommend to those looking to become a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
Saying that App Academy is a full time commitment is the understatement of the year. This was an incredibly fast paced program with patient instructors and competent classmates.It is amazing how much I have learned at App Academy and what's even better... Read More is that I now know I have the skills needed in order to learn quicker than ever before.Highly Recommended.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy is the best decision I have ever made. It is a very grueling experience, you need to be fully committed when you decide to take on this endeavor. If software engineering is your passion then this will be worth the time and effort. I don't... Read More want to get into the technical details of the program, there are plenty of resources available for that.Read Less",app-academy
"I am a software engineer with about 10+ years of experience and an MS in Computer Science so I expected to cruise through the boot-camp. Well, that did NOT happen!What happened instead was that I learned a lot about Web-development ( not part of my work... Read More experience), got challenged on a daily basis, had many frustrating times when I didn't 'get' what was being taught, but at the same time had a lot of fun. I also learned so much about 'soft skills' like building my Personal pitch, Resume, cover-letter etc...That part of curriculum is equally important (if not more) and it is a game-changer. No school or workplace teaches this, so if you get these right you have an unfair advantage over others.I believe I had a unique vantage point in the sense that I was one of the few students who had software industry experience prior to app Academy. For people in my category - a) Check your ego at the door. app Academy picks really sharp people. You WILL be challenged, sometimes by people half your age. Don't resist it, embrace it for the learning experience it is. b) Get your stuff in order. The kids need to be sent to child-care. Household stuff needs to be delegated/outsourced. You will need to be there for every minute of the 9 hours of class and then some.All in all a really positive experience and totally worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"Coming from someone with zero experience, I was legitimately scared to even apply to App Academy. I came from a startup and knew what it was like to work nights and weekends so the hours that I was seeing (90-100 / week) in order to excel at aA wasn't... Read More too worrisome, but with no coding experience I thought there was a chance I'd fail out.There's no sugarcoating it, if you apply to aA say goodbye to your social life, let your family know you won't see them for a couple months, and you probably have to cancel whatever plans you have lined up in the coming months. But it's worth it. I started in April, and my end date (when the job search STARTS) is October 4th. It's September 30th today and I'm enjoying my week off because I accepted an offer last week. I worked incredibly hard to be where I am right now, I began interviewing early after being reached out to by numerous companies and received an offer before the job search actually began. I'm INCREDIBLY confident had I not applied early I would be in the same position, as the career coaches and material were SPOT ON from what I saw in my interviews. I would have actually had more success had I waited to apply -- I was under-prepared for numerous roles, which would have been taken care of if I had waited -- so I have nothing but positive things to say about Eli and the entire job search portion.There is no way of knowing whether or not you're made for this unless you go and do it, so give it a try. The only thing you have to lose is some time and maybe some sleep -- but you have an entire new life to gain. Financial independence, work / life balance, a fulfilling job and endless connections. If you're even remotely on the fence about applying to aA, I hope you take the chance.Read Less",app-academy
"This course was very tough, but in the end I'm very happy that I took it. It was such a rewarding experience and I have learned many valuable things throughout the course. All of the TAs I have met were super friendly and highly knowledgable in the curriculum.... Read More If you're ever struggling (which I have been many a time), they take the time to sit with you and walk you through what you need help with. There is plenty of material for you to go through and study, and they also provide a lot of resources for you to use. By the end of the programming you're building your own websites by yourself and with a team. The satisfaction of creating your own functional website from scratch is very satisfying, kind of like the cherry on top of the program. If I could complain about one thing, it would probably be the amount of videos we had to watch during class on certain days. I feel like the in person cohort would have been better when it came to those days. However, that being said, my overall experience has been wonderful and I have learned so many things here at App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a fast-paced program for getting you practical experience with many different relevant technologies in a very short amount of time. Right off the bat once the immersive portion kicked into high gear, we got exposure to Git, data structures,... Read More and we were pair programming daily through the day’s projects. The curriculum is well structured for layering in new technologies, and before you know it you’re familiar with relational databases and doing a deep dive into the inner workings of Rails. Things move at a bewildering pace, and it’s very easy to get caught off guard by this early on if you’re not careful. The looming thought of getting kicked out over failing two assessments can be extremely unsettling, but this risk/reward setup also puts the entirety of the cohort into a hyper focused mindset. And it creates a unique environment for learning if you can sublimate the anxiety of it. Even through the online setup, it was surprising just how much there was a sense of community. You spend hours every day with your classmates, and even through a computer screen I felt like I got to know a lot of them really well. I don’t know how they’re able to isolate so many brilliant people into these cohorts, but they clearly have very efficient and calculated screening mechanisms in place to ensure they’re taking quality people into the program. The TA’s are fantastic. The student to teacher ratio is very favorable for student teacher interactions, and they were consistently pivotal in getting me on track with the material on pace to get through the assessments. It’s a lot of information so be 100% prepared to have no life while you’re working through the curriculum. I thought 100 hours a week would be an exaggeration but I was consistently logging 95-100 hours each week studying the material straight through the weekend. You get to build your own full stack project using the core stack of the curriculum, as well as other projects with additional technologies that you learn past the React portion of the course. They’re in a re-vamping phase with their curriculum with less of a focus on Ruby as far as I understand, so this is something to bear in mind moving forward. I’m confident that however they re-structure the curriculum will be just as effective as the current setup they have in place and I’m sure it’s necessary given the industry’s trending away from Rails, but any large scale overhaul of a curriculum carries with it at least some amount of risk. I felt like the React portion was great. Past that things were still mostly well structured with minor hiccups. There were portions I felt were too rushed. For example, we had about a weekend to learn the MERN stack before we were working in a team to build an application in it that following week. Pieces of this curriculum might need some revision. Maybe something as simple as having at least one additional project with the MERN stack before having students code in a team environment in it. However I really enjoyed the Docker portion of the curriculum, and it was fun building an additional project with GraphQL / Apollo. I’ve heard this part of the curriculum is at the moment isolated to the online setups. You get to build a project in Vanilla JavaScript at the end of the course as well. App Academy’s deferred payment plan was a strong draw for me personally. I felt that this established them as an institution willing to take on a lot of risk investing in the people they take into the program, and shows that they’re confident their curriculum will get people placed in well-paying positions upon finishing. I’d honestly like to see more institutions of higher education adopt a similar financing approach. There are pros and cons to deciding on doing the online setup instead of an in-person setup, and I do believe an in-person setup would have been very fulfilling. Some people would say the in person setup is vital to the whole App Academy experience. But I do like that the online setup at least had a longer space of time for absorbing the material. You get a month prior to the official immersive portion of the cohort to get solid with software engineering fundamentals. And the TA’s were always readily available to answer any questions I might have, so at least on the learning side there was nothing lost in translation going this route. An in person bootcamp really wasn’t feasible for me personally, and I would expect it’s not for many others planning on applying. All things considered the past 24 weeks have been a grueling yet highly rewarding experience. You get out of it what you put into it, and you have to put a lot into it if you want to get through the totality of the curriculum.Read Less",app-academy
Great program that will really test your resolve and push you to new limits. All of the time estimates that you see in all of these reviews are indeed accurate. Loved working with my fellow students and teachers (TA's). Reflected with my co-workers on... Read More how far we have all come in this relatively short amount of time. Highly recommend!Read Less,app-academy
"The course is intense but well worth it. I've probably learned as much in the several months of this course as I did in 4 years of college.The languages and sheer number of technologies they put into the program really leaves you well rounded and prepared... Read More for the job market, not to mention how much effort they put into coaching you and getting you set for the job hunt itself. The instructors were also simply stellar, a well-rounded cast to be sure and are shockingly patient, composed, and positive everyday of class.Most of the apps and projects are a lot of fun, and each of them demonstrates multiple core principles. Everything builds on material from the previous day. Tests are challenging but are 100% covered by the material you learn and you're always given ample time to study and ask questions if you're feeling uneasy.My background was in physics and mathematics prior, and I have to admit strong mathematics skills can really help, not to mention a lot of the prior coding experience I had. But don't let that get you down, the aces of our cohort either disliked math and/or had no prior experience in programming and still ended up coming out on top!My only complaint is that the course felt a little rushed towards the last few weeks. Luckily by that point you'll be a veteran and have no problem using the skills you've picked up to fill in the gaps. This program is rigorous and will genuinely consume your life when you're in the midst of it, but it's well worth your commitment.Read Less",app-academy
"Before App Academy, I worked as a Developer to create training materials where the best part of my day was writing a couple lines of code to make the course look better. While I studied Computer Science briefly in college, I lacked the practical experience... Read More for building full stack modern web apps from scratch. App Academy was instrumental in giving me that experience and now I have four awesome projects I have added to my portfolio that I am truly proud of.Do not underestimate the time you need to spend in order to succeed. I missed multiple important family events in order to ensure I passed the upcoming exams. Being EST time in the Online Cohort left me with virtually no free time during the day for myself since the day was from 11AM - 8PM. My life revolved around App Academy. However. I'd also like to stress that you're not alone. The TAs do an amazing job providing a support system and I would have felt comfortable at any point reaching out to them and telling them that I was overwhelmed. However, if I could go back and tell myself one thing it would be to trust the material because it helps you get where you need to be in order to succeed.I always felt prepared for the exams. There were never any ""trick"" questions. I definitely felt that they wanted me to succeed, but as I stressed earlier, I prepared my butt off for them.I felt not so positively about a few things. 1. Towards one point in the curriculum, live lectures with your TAs got taken over by instructional videos. Even though we paused the videos to go over any questions, it was degrees of magnitude less engaging compared to when we were live doing it all together. 2. As soon as we got into the Career Quest portion of the curriculum, things seemed to have derailed in terms of organization. Our TAs didn't seem to know what was on the schedule, especially towards the beginning of the Career Quest curriculum. 3. Add a search functionality to the curriculum materials!! Especially during full stack projects, I needed to refer back to materials on how to do one specific thing and it was so difficult without a search. 4. The strike system made me feel like I was back in elementary school and not trusted to handle my responsibilities. However, I can understand this necessary evil. :)Overall, extremely recommend to anyone needing a fire underneath them in order to learn these things quickly and gain practical experience.Read Less",app-academy
"I worked in regulatory compliance for about 4 years before I became bored with it. I didn't think I was smart enough to get into App Academy after hearing about their rigorous admissions process, but I gave it a shot anyway and found myself accepted into... Read More the first Online Cohort. In terms of the energy that you'll put into this program: say goodbye to your life. You will be eating, drinking, sleeping, coding, and that's it. Be prepared to spend over 100+ hours a week on this course, or you run the risk of failing out. I had to give it everything I had to make it through. The exams are difficult, but the came and went and I found myself able to push higher and deeper into the material. Concepts and technologies that initially stymied me became second nature. App Academy quickly chiseled me into a lethal programmer in a matter of months. If you're looking to change your career and your life, I can't recommend App Academy highly enough. Just be prepared to lose touch with everything else for the period of time that you're in the program!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was an amazing experience for me. The main factor that drew me to the program originally was the fact that it had an online option that still included the rigor and attention of a classroom atmosphere. I knew that I wanted to have a structured... Read More experience that would push me to continue learning the material at a regular pace. App Academy is definitely a challenging experience. There are a lot of concepts that are covered, but it is all presented in a way that allows you to absorb the material through application. The emphasis on pair-programming reinforces your understanding of the material by both constantly having someone else to bounce ideas off of as well as providing an opportunity to explain your thought process and code to another person. Participating in the program takes your full dedication, but is extremely rewarding in the amount of knowledge gained and the new doors that open up for a career in web development.Read Less",app-academy
"I've never learned as much about proper coding as I had with App Academy. Being accepted to the online course allowed me to work and grow without having to move to Northern California or New York. I wish I could have met some of the other students, but... Read More the bonds I made with my online co-hort are close-knit and invaluable to me.Read Less",app-academy
"After working 7 years as a Mechanical Engineer/Controls Engineer, I decided to take 24-weeks to study Web Development at AA. I joined the program last January (2019) and was part of the App Academy's first Online Cohort. We were a group of 8, spread across... Read More the US and even had a classmate living abroad, eating and sleeping on US Eastern time.The program is very intense in terms of time commitment, where I spent every hour of the day and night studying (100hrs+ /week). But the more time I committed to study, the more I understood about each topic and learned. Each hour spent was worth it. If you really enjoy programming, you will love this program! You will have access to great TA/instructors, well-thought and detailed ressources. And learned all the skills you will need on the job.Our initial cohort had Live Lectures from our instructor, where I was able to ask tons of questions to really understand very deeply each lecture. A minus point for future Online Cohorts, is that it may no longer be true as more recorded lectures started to get used right after our cohort. Even though, AA breaks it down so you can still ask questions every 45mins or hour. Staying engaged and awake while watching video lectures was never my strongest point. I have no regret though, the education was fantastic! Please give it a try and see whether it's for you!Read Less",app-academy
App Academy is a 3 months (5 if you're taking the online portion) web development boot camp with a very low acceptance rate. The program is 8 hours of new materials everyday with 6 assessments sprinkled in to test you. The curriculum is pretty good for... Read More the most part and the projects you do a good job of testing what you learned for the day's material. The peers you work with from the Teacher Ids to your peers are all great people to work with.Some of the curriculum material could use an update/ be fleshed out better.Read Less,app-academy
"I'd been programming for several years and decided to do App Academy more as a ""formalization"" of my knowledge than as a way to ""learn to code"". After all, I knew how to code. Well, I was wrong. I learned so much. For example, a) The ""why"" behind many... Read More things I already knew how to do, thereby allowing for better decisions. b) The practical value of data structures and algorithms I had previously written off as ""computer science stuff"", c) Effective pair programming - started out hating it, grew to love it. d) A major raising of the bar in terms of what's possible - how about learning a new technology and using it to create something significant in 10 days? If you have the tenacity to go after what you want, it's for you. If you give up quickly when things get tough (long hours ahead), stay away!Read Less",app-academy
"12 week immersive bootcamp that trains for frontend and backend web development skills. With no coding background experience, It was tough for me to understand and get the materials for the daily project. I still somehow managed to survive all the assessments... Read More and App Academy was truly rewarding experience. I had to spent everyday studying on materials that was on the curriculum and had to gave up all my free time. Just work hard.Read Less",app-academy
"What you get out of this program is really up to the student. The teaching staff is very knowledgeable about the subjects, but the subjects are a bit outdated. A large portion of the curriculum is Ruby on Rails which is getting less and less popular,... Read More but it still does a good job of teaching you how to build full web applications. I think that the assessment based curriculum is good though because it gives stakes to the program. The rule is if you fail 2 tests, you get kicked out so the tests serve as a very good motivator to learn the material.Read Less",app-academy
"If you've read through even a few reviews for App Academy you're well aware that you're signing up for a serious grind. It bears repeating. For me, the biggest challenge early on was getting used to the sheer workload and still finding time for eating... Read More and sleeping. The first 8 weeks, be prepared to have new concepts thrown at you daily. Expect to spend 8 hours on campus working, and then at least 4-5 hours doing homework. In order to pass the periodic assessments, you'll also need to commit 10-12 hours a day on the weekends.Once you're in the program, fight for your education! There is limited TA availability outside of when you're pair programming. While pairing, you have access to an ""Ask a Question"" feature within the online curriculum. After not making progress on any one task for more than 15 minutes, smash that button early and often. TAs have a knack for identifying issues and explaining concepts quickly, in a way that is easier to absorb than in the curriculum.Pros:Talented and knowledgeable TAsChallenging curriculum that will push you to become a better programmer every single dayPair programming teaches you how to effectively communicate your ideas and write better codeProjects you complete at the end of the curriculum will showcase just how much you've learned in 2-3 monthsCons:The online curriculum starts out strong, but falters by the middle and end. Project instructions are at times frustratingly vague, and not written for the layman. There is very little linking between pages, and no search functionality. This is problematic when you need to revisit previously covered material for use in a current projectThere are a ton of unnecessary chores that provide no value to the students (daily quizzes you aren't graded on, and aren't reviewed in class - daily feedback you must provide for your peers, but is never passed along to the you to act upon)Assessments add a ton of stress and reward memorization more than programming concepts and techniques Facilities - San Francisco - The importance of ergonomics is stressed before you join, yet students work on stations with no monitor risers and no ability to make adjustments other than chair height. The 2014 Mac Minis sometimes struggle to even load Chrome or the code editor (be ready for the pinwheel of death). More bathrooms are needed (only two for over 150 people on the floor). There aren't enough utensils or microwaves.Overall, App Academy proved to be the challenge that I signed up for. There's no way that I would've had the drive to learn as much as I did in the past three months if I had set out on my own. I'm also confident that the program positioned me well to find a job as a developer within the next few months.That being said, App Academy still suffers from the same pitfalls that most for-profit post-secondary institutions do. At moments you'll feel cared for by individuals who are out to truly guide you in your education, and other times, you'll feel like you made a wrong turn.If you're a self-starter, the whole curriculum is online - which is 100% what you'll be working off during you're time on-site pair-programming. If you have the drive, I'd recommend saving yourself the money and working online.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an intense program, especially if you are doing the in-person course. Make sure you understand what you are signing up for. You can expect to spend at least 90 hours a week there and if you take your foot off the pedal during the program,... Read More it becomes really easy to fall into a vicious cycle of doom and gloom.That being said, I enjoyed learning not only how to code in the leading languages and frameworks out there today but also how to develop a sense for different coding cultures found in industry. I also can't thank the instructors enough for their dedication and support. They go above and beyond to teach you the tools and mindset to succeed. I genuinely feel that everyone who makes it through the curriculum comes out with a sound foundation in all aspects of software engineering, from pair programming and debugging code to whiteboarding and solving algorithms. Not to mention that this will be the best opportunity to connect with and make lifelong friends in the industry.One thing I do have to add is that a/A probably still has a lot of room to improve on both structuring the latter parts of the curriculum and stabilizing the volatility of the staff size from month to month. Unfortunately, our cohort had the pleasure of facing the peak of a staff shortage right as the regular curriculum ended, which I think curbed a lot of the momentum going into capstone projects.All in all, this was undoubtedly the most rewarding learning experiences I've had. If a/A suddenly introduces an advanced-level course tomorrow, I would not hesitate to do this all again.Read Less",app-academy
"Excellent fast paced curriculum, but at the end of the day this is a money-making machine. My cohort got the short stick as we were turfed between TAs while App Academy refactored their curriculum. The support groups and lovely, caring TAs make the program... Read More what it is, but it's clear those in management only care about money. Not sure if they have reworked the curriculum well enough -future reviews will tell.Also! The punitive strike system is ridiculous. It only adds stress and puts more pressure on people who are most dedicated and self-sufficient.Read Less",app-academy
"With an extensive curriculum all ready online, App Academy expects its students to finish a crazy amount of reading and project every day. Ruby curriculum was excellent and all TAs are knowledgable on most aspects of Ruby, but the quality of JavaScript... Read More curriculum was drastically worse.Read Less",app-academy
I really appreciated App Academy for what it is. I have learned so much from going there. It was one of the most stressful learning moments of my life but I am glad I went.,app-academy
"Probably one of the most intense and grueling 12 weeks in terms of learning and work. But knowing myself, I would't have been able to learn as much as I have without App Academy.",app-academy
"Overall, this was definitely one of the most rewarding experiences I have had. I learned an incredible amount of information and feel confident in my skills as a software developer. You can tell that a lot of time and effort is put into the curriculum... Read More and that they are always striving to improve upon it. I believe that everyone on the teaching staff really cares about their students' success and are constantly going out of their way to make sure everyone is getting the help they need to succeed. I would recommend this course to anyone who is looking to transition careers into software development.Read Less",app-academy
"I enrolled the last 12 weeks intensive bootcamp program at App Academy. Apparently they are changing the cohort to 16 weeks from now on.Overall, App Academy is not the place where you just sit there and hoping someone would hold your hand to review through... Read More programming related materials. Sure, there is help provided if you request so, but it definitely takes effort and dedication to be successful at App Academy, and more importantly, to be successful at your future job after graduation. Self-motivation is the key to success here.Even though I came from software developer background, the topics that App Academy taught us are pretty challenging, that I constantly find myself running out of time to study ahead of next day's material. Though, I did feel fulfilled and satisfied by the overwhelming topics that we have to read and understand because it is also probably one of the few way we could improve ourselves rapidly. My only suggestion to future students are: do not slack off during the weekend. I learned that the hard way...Read Less",app-academy
"This program is difficult. You have to set yourself up to succeed. You should have good work ethic, you basically have to clear your calendar for 3 months dedicated to it (including holidays).The tests are a mixed bag. They can be very hard and feel somewhat... Read More contrieved. But in all honesty if you study for them you can not help but learn the material.I was doubtful at first about pair programming. It seemed to me just a way to offload the workload of teaching a student by having other students teach each other. I wondered how much can I learn off someone who doesn't know any more than me? Or how useful can I be to someone else when I have no idea what is going on? But what actually happens is both of you work through a problem together. There are times when know/understand something better and are forced to explain that. That process of having to explain your though process is invaluable. It cements your undersand and proves that you know what you are talking about. All in all it was a good experience. For best results take it seriously and study before hand. Its insanely fast paced. I doubt how sucessful you can be if you come in to it blind.Read Less",app-academy
"Before deciding to attend a bootcamp, I did the same thing you are doing. I read review after review, trying to gauge the value a program like this one might offer me. My previous experience with coding was a grand total of one Intro to C++ class at a... Read More local community college, and a few of UC Berkeley's online Software Development Certificate classes (none of which I personally recommend, but that's a story for another day). Once I had decided that the bootcamp path was one I would take, I began the arduous task of selecting the RIGHT bootcamp. Ultimately, I decided that an in-person program was the right fit for my learning style. Living in the SF Bay Area, there seemed to be two choices. I asked friends and family, that work in the tech industry, to take a look at the syllabi, read all the reviews, and had a few sleepless nights. I ultimately chose App Academy as the school I wanted to attend, participated in their online bootcamp prep program, and a few months later I was rewarded with acceptance into their program. Then the really difficult part began . . .  This program is intense, it's designed that way and they make no apologies about it. You are forced to constantly learn new material, never truly feeling comfortable before the next topic is laid before you. A week into the course, I was sure that I would not make it. I came home everyday to my wife and told her that I had no idea what was going on, that I was barely hanging on, that many other people surely had a better grasp of the material and I was doomed. I spent hours each day after class and every weekend up at the school, working on homework or studying for assessments. App Academy is quick to point out that almost everyone has these feelings, and it's Imposter Syndrome in full effect. They chose you for a reason, they say. You are supposed to be here. For myself, these feelings of inadequacy continued through the course. Though you do get comfortable with a general feeling of unease and helplessness. I will also say, that despite these feelings, I did feel supported throughout the program. I could ask questions whenever I wanted, help was available from TAs and my fellow students. The bonds formed in this stressful situation, and the assistance that you are able to both receive and give to those around you helps keep you grounded and headed towards the finish line. I've heard a lot of talk about the structure of Assessments, and the policy of being asked to leave if you fail 2 of them. Is the system perfect? No, it is not. Is fear an amazing motivator? Yes, it certainly is. Is watching good, hardworking, smart people walk out the doors early a painful experience? Without a doubt. Is there a better way to do it? I truly don't know. But that is the process that App Academy has chosen, so just know what you are getting into. If you are not able to calm yourself down in extremely stressful testing situations, these tests are going to be hard. But, if you do the work, if you go over the practice tests and make attempts to understand the material to the best of your ability, if you are honest with yourself about the information you do not understand and ask questions, you will be fine. If I made it through, you can too. As I write this, I am at the end of the program, with just a few days left. The Job Search part of the program is much different than the instructional portion. There is much less structure, the occasional lecture on soft skills, networking, reumés, interviewing questions, and further work on some algorithms and data structures. Some people enjoy this portion, some hate it. Some feel abandoned, some use it to finally focus on what they really find interesting. I don't really have any issues with it. I'm happy to be provided with the school's perspective on how to get a job in a very competitive industry, but the quick switch from an extremely structured environment to one where you drive the process can have one feeling lonely. In the end though, you are the only one responsible for your career and you have to start providing yourself with motivation and guidance at some point in time. Overall, I can honestly say that I would make the decision to come back to App Academy again. I have learned invaluable skills, and I have a path to a job doing something that I love. There is still a lot of work left to do. I will have to go back and dive deeper into nearly all of the concepts covered in the course. I don't believe that most people come out able to get a job the next day, but I would never have made the progress that I did without the rigor and stress that came along with the program. The bootcamp experience is definitely not for everyone. But if you do chose to take this path, I believe that you will find it very rewarding. As others have stated, and in the interest of full disclosure, I am being offered a sweatshirt as motivation for writing a review. I believe everything that I have written, and it is my honest assessment of the program and my experience in it. Best of luck in your search, and in making a life altering decision. Happy coding. . . .Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is not an easy program. That being said, you will be able to learn an incredible amount in a limited amount of time. The program will definitely push you to your limits, so you have to be ready to put in the work. While challenging, App Academy... Read More has also been an incredibly fulfilling program. Although you will feel behind at times and like you have no clue what is going on, that is ultimately part of the process. Assuming that you put in the work that is required, there is no reason you can't be successful in completing the program.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy changed my life. I went in with no coding experience and left with the ability to build apps and get a job in tech. Just be ready to put the work in all day every day for the entire cohort for success.,app-academy
"Overall, I had a great time during the 12-week in-person curriculum. While I did come in with an undergraduate CS degree, I feel that the material supplemented what I learned in college quite well (although a bit slow the first few weeks). But given my... Read More background, I did not find the pacing of the course to be all that intensive until the projects hit. There is definitely plenty to learn. They go in-depth enough on topics necessary to be considered a web developer but there are a lot of topics only briefly touched on to explore further on your own.Pros: - TAs are extremely friendly and willing to help - Plenty of interesting projects to work on throughout the course - Pretty much everybody was fun and easy to work withCons: - Trying to get help during projects can lead to a lot of waiting for TAs - Homework could be more meaningful rather than a bunch of small segmented assignments - Be prepared to keep working hard over the weekends, especially for the full-scale projects toward the end of the courseRead Less",app-academy
"PROS:Exceptional classmates --&gt; First and foremost, I have to recognize how lucky I was to have such an amazing cohort. The degree of talent in the room, the relentless work ethic, the shared positivity, and the fun! I'm very thankful for the lasting... Read More connections I've forged throughout the curriculum.Rewarding projects --&gt; I dare say you'll work harder than you've ever worked in your life when approaching your solo / group full-stack projects in the back-half of the curriculum. If you take the projects seriously and approach them as learning experiences, you will 100% grow as a person and as a software developer.Knowledgeable teaching assistants --&gt; I was fortunate to have an extremely knowledgeable and passionate TA as my circle leader; he consistently did a terrific job of reinforcing the learnings from the curriculum and ensuring that we felt prepared heading into our assessments. The rest of the TAs, some more experienced than others, did a fine job of designing/delivering our daily lectures as well as helping us all out on the floor each afternoon while we tackled our pair-programming assignments. CONS:Absence of Feedback --&gt; As a new student, you'll be required to provide daily feedback on a variety of topics: quality of the curriculum, how well your pair-programming experiences go, your satisfaction level related to the support of your TAs, etc... and yet (to my knowledge) none of us ever received a single piece of feedback in return. I was very vocal about my desire for someone with experience to review my code or even my progress at any point in the curriculum... sadly, this did not come to fruition. If I'm honest, App Academy did not faithfully deliver on the expectations it set regarding the amount of support we would receive throughout the program. There were times when I was either seriously concerned about my own performance or extremely frustrated with aspects of the curriculum, but no one representing the program ever extended an opportunity to have a conversation about this. Excessive emphasis on passing assessments --&gt; Expect to take tests constantly (at least 1x / week for the first six weeks, not including practice exams). As of this moment, if you fail more than 2 exams, you risk getting dismissed from the program. The pressure was extremely high for almost all of us leading up to the assessments; we were concerned for ourselves and the possibility of losing the friends that we became close with. While I don't have a problem with designing a system to ensure that students are keeping up with the course material, I do seriously question each test's ability to accurately (or even roughly) gauge a student's understanding of the material. In hindsight, it felt like a lot of success was derived from a combination of memorizing code and test-taking strategies that were aimed to prioritize passing unit tests (i.e. scoring points) over genuine understanding of the course material... this last point being especially frustrating because it lies in direct contrast to App Academy's emphasis on prioritizing understanding over finishing assignments / projects. Poorly designed online educational materials --&gt; Over time, I found myself increasingly frustrated by the quality of App Academy's online educational materials. As a full-time in-person student, you will rely on this online program to supplement the daily lectures and help you complete the daily homework assignments. As a visual / tactile learner, I have no problem admitting that I regularly found myself completely discouraged by App Academy's approach to online learning: giant blocks of dense (often highly technical) text, static (non-interactive) code-snippets, poorly edited videos with outdated material, UI that lacks search functionality, etc... and you'll frequently find topics that App Academy decides to send you elsewhere on the Internet to learn about. HTML / CSS education needs (a lot of ) love --&gt; I would not recommend App Academy's HTML / CSS education above any of the most well-known and freely available resources on the internet. The curriculum peppers in bite-size doses of these topics with several half-hour projects &amp; only 1 lecture entirely devoted to CSS. Almost all of us reached intermediate levels of competency in these topics exclusively through self-learning while working on our full-stack projects.Insufficient guidance --&gt; This criticism is specific to the back-half of the curriculum, when you'll transition to working on projects and preparing for your inevitable job search. Some examples come to mind: the shortage of TAs to support our cohort and the lack of organization / awareness / preparation regarding project-related lectures &amp; availability of related online resources. I would also recommend regular check-ins between coaches and students in either a small group setting or 1 on 1 (if time permits); the program can often feel like such a whirlwind and the burden is so often laid on the backs of the students to figure things out themselves... I can't speak for everyone, but I would feel SO much better at least having the perception that there's someone here that is willing to actively guide me instead of just passively being available in the shadows. Final Thoughts:Though this opinion is subject to change once I leave the program and make my way through the job search... despite all my criticisms (no bootcamp is perfect), I have ZERO regrets about enrolling in this program. It challenged me to grow in ways I have never experienced in an academic or professional setting. It gifted me some amazing new friendships and connections that I'm extremely grateful to walk away with. It's worth noting that bootcamps are absolutely not made for everyone... the firehosing of information, the lack of sleep, the pressure, the impostor syndrome... this can often feel like an extremely stressful environment (on your body and your mind)... but if you're up for the challenge, this could very well change your life.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy is great, intense and immersive. They kind of forget about you around the end of the program. If you want to learn fast and quick, you get what you put in.",app-academy
"I'm not gonna sugar coated this. People get kicked out for failing 2 assessments. This was the single most difficult, stressful, mentally taxing, emotionally challenging, and wonderful experiences in my life. This is the best decision I've ever made.... Read More Expect the workloads of 100 hours a week, especially if you want to get good. I came in with a lof of imposter-syndrome, and at the end of it, I can build full-stack applications from scratch. I've become a lot more confident in my skills and how I communicate to potential employers, as I type this I have a few on sites scheduled next week.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a pretty good program IF you know what you're getting yourself into. The program is high-intensity and there is a lot to learn in a short amount of time. If you are fairly good at time management and this is your only commitment, then it... Read More is a really good program. It's just a matter of how much work you put in to get the best output from the program. There are assessments to make sure you're keeping up but if you only know enough to pass those, then you're missing out on a lot of learning and will need to review a lot of the concepts taught.Read Less",app-academy
There is a lot to digest. The program is hyper condensed and you can look at the material for weeks after the course is over and there is still more material to learn. The program is designed for you to get as much as you are willing to put into it.,app-academy
"The curriculum can definitely be updated but overall, it made me a better engineer.I met some great lifetime friends here at App Academy and the support is there. Take it day by day and you'll do great!",app-academy
"Simply put: App Academy was worth my time and effort (and it requires both in huge quantities). I do have specific issues with the program, but as you attempt to weigh those against the first sentence, remember that no bootcamp, no undergrad, no educational... Read More program will ever be perfect. You know the old adage 'you get out what you put in?' App Academy will absolutely convert your effort into the desired result.One piece of advice that I don't think is specific to App Academy: only compare yourself to yourself. I guarantee there will plenty of people who seem smarter or better at everything. Ignore them. Only you know if you're putting in the time, if you're staying engaged throughout the day, if you're holding yourself accountable to be the best that you can be. Do your best and the rest will take care of itself.PROS: - The staff - the TAs (catchall term for instructors) are uniformly knowledgeable and excited to teach. Nearly every lecture was well presented, well communicated, and directly relevant to the material. - The material - the curriculum is rigorous and challenging. Many of the projects that we struggled through in the first weeks will make valuable portfolio additions when we go back and attack them with everything we've learned.  The rhythm for most of the curriculum section is learn material - &gt; assessment -&gt; pivot to new material. This can give you a feeling of whiplash, but what remains constant is the idea that you 'always be learning.' I feel much better equipped to learn new things in a short period of time than I think I would have had the transitions been more gradual and forgiving. - General culture - For 12 weeks the fellow students in your cohort will be your allies both in learning and life. Nobody else will really understand what it's like to go through the program. This might be specific to my cohort, but from what I've seen of other cohorts the sentiment holds true. Beyond that though, the general culture, the interaction between students and students, students and staff, and aA employee culture are all just really positive, really goal oriented and at the same time really forgiving. - Project phase - After the curriculum, you'll work on projects. Working on full stack projects was just a fantastic way to tie together all the things we'd spent the last 8 weeks learning. There is, however, a somewhat stark drop off in how much help you'll get from staff from the course curriculum phase to the project phase.CONS: Feedback void - Every day you'll be required to give feedback on your partner for the day, and several times throughout the course you'll be asked for feedback on the experience as a whole. At no point was I given any indication that my feedback was considered. Several times throughout the course I specifically asked to hear the general sentiment of feedback people were leaving about me, and I got no response (beyond 'yes we can do that' but then nothing). To be clear, I do believe that feedback I left was at least read by human eyes, but that's just a hunch because again, communication was an entirely one way street of me to anonymous form. Further, beyond assessments testing basic functionality of your code, there is no feedback around code style, code smell, or overall code practices. The code we're exposed to in the project skeletons and demo is generally good and tightly written, but there's no checking to see if any of that has sunk in. I was particularly disappointed by this because on day 1 a TA made a point of saying that aA graduates write more readable, cleaner code than CS graduates, but then there was just no system in place to ensure that.As far as I know no human ever evaluated the quality of my code. Maybe the lesson there is, 'if it works, it works' but that seems short sighted and not in keeping with the idea of producing quality software developers.I'm resisting leaving feedback on the job search section because I'm in the middle of it now. That said, thus far we've covered basic algorithms and data structure in greater depth than we did during the curriculum. We've worked on our resumes, our personal pitch, and what to expect from the whole process. I think I won't know the true value of the job search support until some time after the program.PS I did a fair amount of research into various bootcamps before I decided on aA. Obviously my experience is limited to the one I choose, but investigated Hack Reactor, General Assembly, and Berkeley Boot camp in addition to aA. Of those, only Hack Reactor seemed up to the same level as aA.Read Less",app-academy
"I'd say overall App Academy is one of the best decisions I've ever made and one of the hardest things I've ever done. A few things that have been mentioned to me that ring true: ""Its kinda like having a firehose of information pointed at you, and you... Read More just do your best to drink up as much as you can"" There's also feeling that it really is a bootcamp of sorts. If you think about the traditional military bootcamps, there's a sense of discipline instilled in you in the process, and you walk out with friendships and bonds built from going through a difficult experience together. You can't get through this program alone. You'll need the support of the people around you and your classmates to really succeed, and as a result you'll end up with a strong network of very capable developers along with the skills you actually pick up here. You get as much out of this as you put in. Don't come in expecting to have your hand held. Don't come in expecting everyone you're learning from to be perfect and know everything. Learning on your own and via collaboration is part of the skillset you build here.Read Less",app-academy
"I was not so sure about App Academy's curriculum and their system until I began my cohort. I heard from at least 3 different sources that it will require 80 to 100 hours a week dedication to succeed. It is absolutely true. The curriculum is designed so... Read More that students will never feel comfortable or relaxed. There will always be something to work on. Students are mostly forced to move on to the next material regardless of finishing the current project. That being said, students have to use their own time to go back to the materials that they are unclear about. This can be overwhelming and exhausting. There is no hand-holding guide through the materials. I kid you not, it will be tough, it will be hard. Be ready to learn, be ready to dedicate yourself, but it will be rewarding after all.Read Less",app-academy
"The workload is everything that you've likely already read about. I spent everyday and the majority of my weekends working/studying until I slept. The payoff is that you'll gain the skills you need to pursue a career in software development. It sets your... Read More work ethic and gives you the momentum to continue to work towards success. I am currently in the job search phase. Whether or not I am successful, I am thankful for what I've been able to learn and am confident in my ability to land a job following the cohort. Well worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"I did not have any experience in coding. I started from a free 2-week course ""Jumpstart"" and joined a May cohort. Jumpstart gives you an idea of coding in very high level. It is not too difficult, so I felt pretty confident in the first week.In the second... Read More week of Jumpstart, we started learn a lot of 'methods' of Ruby which will help in the actual cohort.Before the cohort begins, there is a 'foundation course' which contains the basic of the Ruby. The entire cohort is very fast-paced.Read Less",app-academy
"If I had to, I would join App Academy again. I got to learn a ton of skills needed to begin a career as a software engineer. The intense 12-week program included hands-on projects and interesting programming concepts. W used a variety of technologies... Read More and programming languages such as ruby on rails, javascript, react/redux, and the MERN stack to name a few. It's possible to go through the program without previous programming knowledge, but be prepared to put in a ton of ours and give up weekends during the program.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall experience was positive. The pace of material is intensive, covering all topics needed to build full-stack web applications within ~3 months. The location in SF is great as well. I am still wrapping up the course and will need to wait and see... Read More how well the job search goes, but my job-ready, technical skillset has definitely improved.Read Less",app-academy
"I came to a/A with a lot of apprehension and fear of failing and being failed by this bootcamp, but I have to say - it was one of the best (and spontaneous) decisions I've ever made for myself. Most things they advertise are true: you will be worked to... Read More the bone and you will have a great time. I have never worked harder in my life than in the past 12 weeks that I have been here, but more importantly I felt fulfilled while working. And even though I may have learned all this material on my own, the support network (from cohortmates, to alumns and job search coaches) is something that makes this bootcamp worth it on its own. However, I do wish that they would provide more attention to us after being switched from regular curriculum to projects/job search curriculum. We all did feel a bit abandoned when the new cohort came in.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy does not kid around when they say they're an intensive program. You put in a lot of work as a student and even more after you've finished. Be prepared to give up weekends for a few months. That being said, it is an amazing experience and I... Read More learned so much. App academy places a lot of importance on pair programming and learning concepts rather than finishing homework. It amazed me that I was able to finish projects that full-time software developers couldn't even finish. I'm not a risk taker, so it took me a year to make sure that I really wanted to do this and switch fields. I highly recommend this to people who are looking for a change.Read Less",app-academy
"How does 4 stars in curriculum and 4 stars in job support get an overall 5 stars? Simply, you have to look at the whole package, my only critiques with the curriculum are the tech stack. I was looking for a course that offered python in its curriculum... Read More but had to compromise for what I felt was the best instruction and program. I don't want to gush or be over the top, but through people I know in industry and from reading on forums I came to the personal conclusion that App Academy was the best holistic package, setting me up for a career in Software Development. All I can do is point to their self proclaimed acceptance rate of 3% and their longstanding subscription to the pay-after-employment model they pioneered. It truly shows that they are invested in their students and have faith backed by dollars and success stories to show that this model works.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy has done a really wonderful job of teaching me how to become a software engineer. They have provided adequate tools for learning, a well-structured curriculum and excellent teachers that really are invested in student outcomes to aid in our... Read More success. The program can be extremely stressful at times do the the difficult nature of the material and high pace, but this is more out of necessity than anything. Overall I would recommend it to somebody looking to become a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are ready to truly immerse yourself in 12 weeks of code, this is the place for you. The program is definitely challenging but if you are committed, utilize all the resources given, and ASK QUESTIONS, you will have no problems passing the course... Read More and getting a job. While it is true that you can find cheaper bootcamps, the alumni base and network connections you will make will help get you a job sooner than later.Read Less",app-academy
"Insider with a throwaway here... App Academy has misled on its placement rates - used to say 99%, then 95%, and on their website they even state, only 2% of graduates don't find a job. A/A is slippery with their wording - in 2017 (the latest year of published... Read More data), it was 64% - which doesn't even show the number of grads that made far far less than $100k a year. Those placement rates are deceptive. I think it's irresponsible to present the odds of success as so unrealistically high to hopeful career changers. App Academy is one of the few schools that still is publishing these kinds of incredibly... generous interpretations of their placement stats after Flatiron School got hit with a 300k fine and big publicity hit for similarly deceptive advertising.What is the percentage of students who fail to comply with the terms of the job search agreement by not choosing to spend an entire year job searching full time?What's the placement rate at three months, at six months? Including the possibility of being ejected with a partial refund from the cohort due to underperformance, you're looking at slightly worse than Vegas odds for having a job after enrolling in App Academy in less time than it takes a baby.Job seekers are not allowed to hold any non-tech jobs while residing in SF or NYC, are required to send a minimum of 40 job applications a week &amp; can be forced to come in 9-5 to the spartan app academy offices to engage in job search activities. Around 6% actually abide by these restrictions with no income coming in and are demonstrably unemployed for the full year, but lots of students are included in the list of those who haven't 'abided by the course rules' because they needed to work to make SF rent and get caught when tax records get pulled...App Academy students are largely brilliant. People do get six-figure jobs, especially those with STEM backgrounds who would have found their way there with or without a boot camp.But there are a lot of people failing to clear the bar in an increasingly competitive market with cookie-cutter portfolios who are silenced with NDA's that are a part of the offboarding paperwork &amp; covered up with cherry-picked statistics. Furthermore, I have seen cohorts with as many as 25% of students that were forcibly dropped out, and then given a hefty tuition balance.Read Less",app-academy
"I enjoyed the program very much. It was well paced and definitely very intensive. They teach more than just the basics and structure the curriculum very well to get you to the point of being an independent learner. I think it's daunting at first to pick... Read More up web development without much coding background, but I think the program does a good job at teaching you what to focus on. The most intensive part of the curriculum is keeping up with the schedule. The material by itself is structured to teach a student from the ground up. The challenging portion is for the student to maintain studying priorities, time management, and health. If a student can do these things well, then the student will be able to pick up everything needed to pass the program. The job search support is very good. I feel like App Academy is set up for a student's success, giving the student constant support and material to work on post-graduation from the program. If the job seeker puts in the work and keeps routines established by a/A to find employment, it'll only be a matter of when.Read Less",app-academy
"I personally believe my experience at app academy was very unique, as I was the youngest of my cohort and I was 1 of 4 African American students, so on top of the stress of the curriculum and assessments I had a series of other problems. But, the first... Read More sign of distress the staff picked up and wouldn't let that effect my performance through out the course. This open line of communication between the director and my circle TA allowed me to be prosperous through out the course and grow not only as a developer but as a person. -Darian P.Read Less",app-academy
"I feel like I could write a novel on my time at App Academy, but I'll try to be brief. Without question, a/A was the most intellectually stimulating, intense, and overwhelming experience I've ever been a part of. If you're only reading this review because... Read More you heard elsewhere that the curriculum requires about 90+ hours of work per week and you're just trying to ascertain whether it's even possible to work that much, you can stop reading here. It is absolutely in that ballpark. Of course, it's different for everyone and some topics will come easier to some folks. I didn't find that I was spending 90 hours every single week, but the time really begins to add up quickly between the 45-minute commute there, morning lecture time from 9 AM - 12:15 PM, afternoon pair programming from 1:30 PM to 6 PM, another 45-minute commute home, and then any required readings, videos, and homework for the following day's material which could often take up to 3 or 4 hours. All of that happens 5 days a week, with no holidays or time off. It also wasn't completely unheard of for members of my cohort to be in about an hour early or to work through lunch in order to solidify some of the concepts.I can say that I WAS able to carve out a little time on the weekends to maintain my sanity, but for at least the first half of the curriculum (when assessments are on Mondays) every minute you spend on the weekend not studying is just going to fill you with a combination of guilt and dread on top of the stress already placed on you by the rigor of the course. As other reviews have mentioned, the assessments are not easy but they are always very fair. It is definitely not subjective in any way and assessments are graded solely based on how many test specs you can get to pass before time runs out. The quantity of material you need to know for any individual test is large and studying will sometimes feel insurmountable. However, it is absolutely possible for every person in the cohort to get a perfect score since the tests are not designed to trick you or test you on something you weren't explicitly told to study for.Anyone who isn't scared off by the absolutely massive scale of the curriculum and the short timeframe you're afforded to cram it all into your brain in a useable way will be rewarded with an incredible toolkit and the confidence to apply for any software developer job. I'm in the middle of my job search currently and I'm applying to tons of stuff, including and especially jobs that work on a different stack than App Academy teaches, strictly because I am now confident that there is nothing I can't teach myself using the skills I gained at a/A.Lastly, I can't say enough good things about the Teaching Assistants at a/A. They are super knowledgeable, great at debugging (as they likely see similar issues from cohort to cohort), and are genuinely invested in your success. I asked for help often and was never made to feel inferior or bad about it in any way. I expect that the curriculum may change as long as new languages, frameworks, and technologies are always popping up in the tech world. However, a/A will remain one of the elite coding bootcamps as long as they continue to train their staff the way they obviously have been.Read Less",app-academy
"At no point will you feel like what you have to do is humanly possible, like learning javascript in a week, react in a weekend, redux in a day. but at the same time you will never feel like you are alone and have no help. It is easily both the hardest... Read More and most rewarding thing Ive ever had to do in my life. IF you can actually get in then you have to just suck it up and put in that 100+ hours week because If you can get in then you can finish the program it all depends on your dedication.Read Less",app-academy
"A little about me, I came from the civil engineering field with no experience with coding except one or two courses in college. I went to App Academy looking to learn a new skill and shift my career towards software engineering. Below is my experience... Read More of the course.Pros:- Large amount of materials, everyday is a new topic. They make you learn continuously with time practice and put concepts into use.- Staffs are supportive and helpful. Staffs are always there to answer a technical question or to talk about other issues like handling stress. Most staffs have gone through the course and have great ways/tips to help jiggle all the different tasks.- Lots of pair programming. Gives the opportunity to work with different people and to practice talking about programming and explaining things in easy to understand ways.Cons:- Tons of work. In addition to lecture/pair programming during the day, there are hours of work on most nights like readings, homework and reviewing the day's solutions. There is really no time to do anything besides learning.- Stressful, physically and mentally. It can be difficult to get enough sleep trying to keep up with the program. Also, it's rare to completely finish a day's problems during the day, so there's always the pressure of falling behind.Even with all the work and stress I had to deal with, I think attending App Academy was the right choice. It has taught me a lot and I feel like I have a better chance to change my career afterwards.Read Less",app-academy
"A little bit about me: I attended App Academy, coming from about seven years in a non-software engineering career. My only experience in programming were some online courses in basic JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.Pros:- You will learn a lot, very quickly.... Read More The structure of the projects and lectures keeps you learning and practicing non-stop- The staff are knowledgeable, helpful, and will support you with both the coursework and your mental wellbeing- Conveniently located by a bunch of trains, so commuting is pretty easy- Extensive resources both during and after the programCons:- The pacing is stressful, no way around it. Between the volume of information and the possibility of failing out due to failing assessments, you will be stressed- You will need to do a lot of work outside of class, so self-motivation is critical.Read Less",app-academy
"I've had some coding experience before App Academy, but I still found myself studying 80+ hours a week. During my time here, I learned how to use the latest cutting edge technologies, I learned about the tech industry itself, I've met amazing people,... Read More and I learned a lot about myself.From start to finish, everything that App Academy teaches you is a needed skill in the tech industry. For example something that might be overlooked is pair programming. As a pair you learn how to code but more importantly you learn how to explain your code. This is such a valuable skill because within a team environment or in an interview, we have to talk about our app/code to people who may or may not have coding experience.The curriculum is designed in such a way where everyday is packed with new information. If you join a bootcamp, I recommend building good study habits from the start (even if it seems easy at first). I found that the people who tend to slack off are the ones that struggle or fail out because the pace tends to ramp up as the weeks go by. If you try hard, you will succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"I already knew App Academy would be tough before I applied, but I never would've thought it was the most difficult experience I had ever imagine. As someone with no prior coding experience, I would say the first few weeks were really hard on me and it... Read More doesn't get easier. Eventually, it's something that everyone gets accustomed to. Before I knew it, it was 3 months already and I can finally tell people that I'm a software developer.To sum things up, App Academy is harder than anything you imagined, but it will also be the most rewarding experience in your life.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has a great course. You learn a lot faster going through this program than if you were to learn by yourself. The TAs are very friendly, and helpful. Even if you feel like you are lost, the TAs will help you through the material. A great plus... Read More to this experience are the classmates you meet.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was easily the most demanding endeavor I've taken on. From Day 1, you need to be firing on all cylinders, and you need to be dedicated. The assessments are quite difficult, as they are timed, and they're not subjective at all. If you make... Read More a silly mistake, you'll pay for it, and if you fail two exams, you're allowed to retake the second one. If you fail the retake, you're asked to leave. They are not messing around with this policy.Having said all that, the instructors are fantastic, and really know what they're doing. They genuinely WANT you to succeed, and are very patient. App Academy is something that I'm really happy I did, but would never want to put myself through again. I don't have a job yet, but I have no doubt that I've been given the tools I need to succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a challenging 12 week course providing an immersive curriculum that prepares the graduate with the skills needed to seek a job in the industry. This course was difficult, I found myself putting in +80 hour weeks and dreaming in code. I... Read More came in with very little programing experience but now feel confident to find a job in the industry. If your time is valuable and you want to learn as much as possible in a short amount of time App Academy is the program for you.Read Less",app-academy
"The 12 weeks at App Academy were the most amazing 12 weeks of my life. I learnt so much in such a short period of time which I would have never been able to do on my own. You get to develop your own full-stack project and a JS project at the end of the... Read More course to show to the employers. They also groom you to make you ready for the job market, whether it's technically or behaviorally. While doing pair programming, you learn to deal with so many people each with a different mindset which is very important for both personal and professional life. App Academy has very good intructors who make you understand all the concepts so well and are always ready to help.I would definitely recommend App Academy to anyone who is good at logical thinking and wants a career in Software.Read Less",app-academy
"Scroll through the other reviews, but stop Here.App Academy is hard, they tell you about not knowing the difficulty and it’s kind of true, the problem is the exams get longer and your more at risk of being behind so probably on average it does get harder.... Read More I don’t know why they say that but it’s probably rooted at the top level. This is what you need to know.To get into App Academy it will be pretty hard to just apply and pray...you need to Study. If you do study than look for the app academy problems online or go on GitHub(entry level) and search for them. Jumpstart can help if your background is weak(only couple months), but I certainly noticed an edge for those who did Boot Camp Prep(I didn’t and I was a little envious). So who Am I ? Well I just graduated Today...take my review with respect to that aspect of App Academy’s curriculum. Reviewing them is a little tough because everyone is different, some people pick it up faster(I’m diligent so it’s at what I call a normal pace) and others pick it up faster, but those people which will be in Your cohort have some type of strong technical background most likely. The tests are hard and it is true you can’t tell which one is the hardest normally due to the differences in people. They will overwork you on purpose and try to see if you can pass because if you can’t they want you to fail out. Part of the reason is the last ten days of the main part of the curriculum they let you work on the full stack, but it’s an extremely expensive operation and probably not profitable for them if you can’t do the basics of coding. Not to mention once you start the Full Stack project you need to be able to do it mostly on your own so you can put it on your Resume and say “I did that.” The best part? The Teacher assistants without a doubt. I was actually surprised at home many there are(around six plus the main instructor). The teacher assistants are highly skilled and during the course you will likely learn the most from them more than anything else. When you put it all together App Academy’s program is very good and costs quite a bit of capital to run, remember these teacher assistants are paid well. A couple of last notes. They are now like a well oiled machine. They hire in advance, train the next leaders before they leave, prep the next cohort as soon as you start yours, and they do not stop for whatever reason.....in App academy there are no days off and they work through almost all holidays. If you want to go to App Academy I recommend it. Better if you can pair it with a degree, but standalone it’s good too. If I was you and you were accepted I would not hangout on the weekends. I went to a wedding one day and felt behind the entire course because of it. There’s so much homework that catching up is really hard and the weekends are for studying the tests since it’s pointless to do the homework if you can’t pass the test. Overall four stars because of the lack of support for stressed out individuals. They say talk to us, but it’s not very inviting and I took it as a clue for an opportunity for them to say to you “this course is not for everyone.”Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, I am pretty happy with the experience. Coming out of the program I feel like I have the tools I need to be able to start a career in software development.Going through App Academy is rigorous, but rewarding.I believe some of the curriculum can... Read More be updated (and I believe aA is in the process of doing this now), but what is currently taught will still teach you the fundamentals of software engineering.Be prepared!You will spend most of your life working on App Academy material for the 12 week duration of the course and you will come out of it with a solid foundation in software engineering.Along the way you'll get to know work with a bunch of great people and make some new friends.At times you'll feel like you're falling behind, but don't fear, there is a super helpful group of TA's to guide you through the material and make sure you have what you need to keep up. Be sure to ask a bunch of questions if you are unsure about ANYTHING.Read Less",app-academy
"Students attending App Academy come from all over the world with drastically varying backgrounds, however everyone just loves to code or is passionate about technology. From the moment you walk through the doors you'll start engaging with people that'll... Read More make you feel right at home. The curriculum starts off with Ruby and Rails in order to ease students into a programming mindset and learning the MVC architecture widely accepted in web development. It late transitions to pure JavaScript through the MERN stack. Throughout the course you will build projects, utilities, games, things you never thought were possible just through typing a few lines of code. Overall this was an amazing experience, and if you are passionate about coding and don't know what to do about it, App Academy is definitely the right choice.Read Less",app-academy
"This was probably one of the toughest 12+ weeks of my life. Everyday was a grind and a struggle. Oftentimes I felt like I was suffocating with the amount of work and hours needed to stay afloat with the program. The near-weekly assessments were constant... Read More pressures to keep going. Everyone else around you seems to have a much better grasp of concepts than you do, and just ""smarter"" than you in terms of coding ability. But, despite all of that, it was an extremely rewarding experience that I would definitely recommend. The difficulty of the program helps you cope in any situation afterwards no matter the circumstances. You're working with some of the smartest people around (you included), and you're able to learn and grow accordingly. You really get what you put into this program, it's definitely not for everyone, but if it is, it will definitely be worthwhile.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are looking for a challenge , definitely go for App Academy. The program is rigorous and fast-paced. There are assessments throughout the first nine weeks of the structured curriculum. Students will get kicked out of the program if they failed... Read More 2 assessments or unable to keep up with the pace. However, the students will be given all the supports and resources to prepare for the assessments. I came with a non-technical background and only started to prepare 3 months before the cohort started. So, I had a hard time going through the program but it was also one of the most rewarding experience I have ever had challenging myself mentally, physically, and intellectually. I joined the program alone and came out of it with a massive network and close friends who will always be there to support me in engineering career. The only cons I have is i wish they would teach another language other than Ruby. However, I heard that they are going to change their curriculum in the near future.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy is a 13 weeks of crashing through material. You will feel everyday that your brain cannot fit any more material in it. However, after the course you will realize how far you have come. From there you should know what you need to learn and... Read More how to go aboutlearning it. You cannot learn everything about software engineering in 13 weeks, it's up to you round out your education and continue practicing. Overall it was an awesome experience that I would recommend to anyone who can buckle down and learn at a fast pace for an extended period time. Great staff, awesome cohort! March 19Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a very well-structured program with a wide-range of technologies and concepts imparted upon us during the 12-week program. I feel a lot more knowledgeable and capable after these 12 weeks, and that I know what to do further in order to... Read More feel ready for the software engineering job market. I think that the assessments are difficult and there are some aspects of the curriculum that need adjusting (that i've let them know through the weekly reviews we are supposed to give), but overall, I am really glad to have joined the program.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a great program that is starting to show its age a bit. The curriculum is intense and that intensity means you learn a lot more quickly than you would learn on your own. I personally found it super important for getting me started with... Read More no prior technical experience. They even have a free two-week prep program to help you pass the entrance exam. In addition, the TAs are friendly and willing to sit and be patient to figure things out with you. That said, the first 4.5 weeks of the program focuses on a language and a framework that is in decline. Ruby and Rails are decreasing in popularity and so it sometimes felt like a lost opportunity that we spent so much time on them. The subsequent 4.5 weeks were focused on JavaScript and React/Redux, however, and these are much more currently in demand. The tuition guarantee was a huge positive for me as I likely wouldn't have done a bootcamp otherwise. My caution would be that App Academy seems to be in a transitional phase of updating their curriculum and so it might be more in date in the near future. Overall I would say the high standards of the program and the reputation combined with the relative financial ease of entry are the biggest sells.Read Less",app-academy
"PROS: fast pace, good chronology to curriculum, good classmatesCONS: fast pace, in person lectures often redundant after hw",app-academy
It was a rigorous and fast-paced boot camp program with a lot of assessments to get you up to speed on the curriculum. You do end up learning a lot and the projects you do towards the end of the program are really worth-while. The pair programming experience... Read More is rewarding and gears you towards working in a team. There are good instructors to help whenever you get stuck.It would be good if they upgrade the curriculum and possibly have some tie-ups with companies &amp; recruiters to make job search easier.Read Less,app-academy
"Full disclosure: AppAcademy promised my a hoodie for this review.As we took the program, every week aA has asked from 1-10 how likely we would be to recommend it to a friend. Every week I have answered 10/10, and I still would.I came to aA after having... Read More studied CS formally, as well as having a lot of experienceworking as a developer in the past, just looking to reskill to keep up with theindustry. This is not the story for most students, and you certainly don't need prior experience to succeed, although you will probably have to put in more effort before-hand to ensure you understand the basics.AA is as difficult as everyone says. I have probably spent 100-120 hours workingon material every week since the program started to keep up with the readings.Expect to spend every waking minute once you start doing nothing but studying or coding. Your life will be AA; it is a bootcamp after all. No nights, no weekends,no holidays (we were expected to come in Memorial day).You will come out of this knowing how to develop a full stack application, as wellas have a portfolio of several projects to show an employer. You will learn a fewbasic CS concepts (a very small introduction to DS/A), but without college experienceyou will probably need to spend a bit of time doing additional independent studyafter the cohort, during interview prep. Compared to a college degree where you willlearn more of the academic CS concepts, but have a lot less to actually show.You will also get through this much faster, and cheaper, than going for a four year degree.I personally feel that actually being able to build a real app, something a lot of collegecurricula spend too little time focusing on, is a huge advantage over traditional study.There are a few negatives. Most of the project work you complete before your fullstackproject will not actually be usable for portfolios, although it will teach you a lot.You will not always get a good pair, although almost everyone you work with will becomeyour closest friends for the next 12 weeks. There are also some policies that could usesome reworking. Prior to my application, it was not clear that the program also had apreliminary ""foundations"" course, four weeks of self directed study to prep for theprogram (which you absolutely need to do if you don't have experience!! make sure youare comfortable with this material on day 1 of in person), and this could have been made more transparent prior to applying. Some of the material is a bit outdated, whichis expected given how fast technologies evolve and new versions come out. The curricula is constantly under development, but some aspects may lag slightly behind.I still say, given the choice between this and a CS degree, this will be more useful toyou practically, as you will actually be building real applications in what is equivalentto less than a semester of college. AA is extremely prestigious, and I would not havedecided to come here if I wasn't going to be proud to include it on my Resume.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended the program in spring of 2019 and loved it. You need to prepare for a few months before by studying javascript and ruby basics, but if you prepare enough, you'll do fine. Be ready for an intense 12 weeks. If you put in the work required, you... Read More will be successful. I appreciated the structure of learning each subject. You will read and watch videos the night before, then lecture on the topic the next morning, and a project tailored to that topic in the afternoon.Read Less",app-academy
"Disclaimer: Being compensated with a hoodie on graduation for this review.App Academy has a 12 week intensive bootcamp program to prepare people for fullstack web development. It is a bootcamp (read: fast-paced and intensive), and will take up your life... Read More for the entire time you're there until you get a job. The TAs and lecturers are all students from prior cohorts so they have experienced what you will be going through, but they are software engineers at heart as well. The culture is great, and the pair programming experience is a fantastic way to develop your collaboration skills.That being said, it is a bootcamp, and not for everyone. I've personally spent about 10-12 hours daily on campus, the majority of the time studying/working on projects. The curriculum is fast paced and rigorous, and you will live assessment by assessment. The Ruby curriculum is much better than the JavaScript curriculum, despite JavaScript being the more popular language by far. The time allocated for the three major projects seemed too restricting, despite the repeated emphasis of the importance of team projects. On top of that, the JavaScript curriculum is taught as ES6, but most of the resources given are for ES4 and ES5. TL;DR - It's a bootcamp, be prepared for many hours of workRead Less",app-academy
"Overall I'm happy with my experience as an App Academy student! The staff are very engaged and truly focused on the success and learning of their students. The curriculum spends time covering concepts but also requires projects to rebuild the concept... Read More so that your understanding goes into what is occurring behind the scenes and not just the use behind it. A lot of effort is placed to provide students the resources required to learn the material, either staying late or volunteering their time over the weekends when students can come in to study. While I still have things to learn before I probably will be hired full time, aA provided me all the tools and skills necessary to achieve my goal of becoming a software engineer!Read Less",app-academy
"There are many positive things about App Academy. I will begin by saying that the program is absolutely as rigorous as it is advertised to be. That said, you will certainly get out of it what you put in, and the opportunity to learn a great deal in a... Read More very short amount of time is certainly, at least to an extent, dependent upon how much effort and time you are able to put in. For me, App Academy was certainly a life changing experience, and I would do it all over again if I had to. But the reality is that it is not for everyone, and the demanding curriculum and constant threat of being expelled are important considerations for anyone thinking about taking the dive with a/A.I can confidently say that the first few weeks of the curriculum are very well organized. While the pace is aggressive, the structure is easy to follow, and the TAs are an invaluable resource. A majority of the day is spent pair programming with other members of your cohort, and asking questions is probably the primary way that you will learn the material. You quickly move from Ruby, to SQL, and on to Rails, before you run into something of a slowdown with the Javascript curriculum. Once you enter the land of JS, the instruction on projects becomes muddled, at times lacking, and is often just flat outdated. I understand that a shift away from Rails to more relevant frameworks and libraries will be a process. But it is unfortunate.I will close by stressing that if you decide to take the leap and attend a/A, be ready to put everything else on the back burner. You will be tested and pushed to your limits often, but if you are able to meet the demands, then it can be a truly rewarding experience.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy creates a fun and friendly environment to immerse yourself in learning web development. The work itself is far from easy and manageable in the allotted time, but the instructors emphasize self-edification over completion.",app-academy
"- The curriculum moves fast, but there's great, knowledgeable staff who will make themselves available to help you learn. - You pair program for the first 7 weeks, everyday, until you reach your full stack project where you'll get to create your own apps.... Read More- You'll spend all your waking hours dedicated to the curriculum, don't expect to have a life.- You'll learn through repetition - read the material, watch the material, sit in the lecture to clarify the material, and hands-on practicing the material.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: - Fellow classmates are all amazing people (in my case), the time spent day by day is made easier when everyone is working towards the same goal- Curriculum is in depth, but what you get out of it is dependent on how much you are willing to work... Read More- Amazing instructors and teaching assistants, all of the staff here are knowledgable and overall just amazing peopleCons: - A lot of material is thrown at you fast, along with assessments, homework, and projects the amount of work can lead to burn out if you don't take care of yourself - Material is a bit outdated, ruby is on its way out and it would've been more beneficial if they utilized a more modern language to start learning withRead Less",app-academy
"TA's are very helpful at App Academy, the curriculum is up to date with industry standards, and the deferred tuition model attracts many top talent. That being said, App Academy is a valid path to full stack development, or perhaps aspiring software engineers.... Read More Overall, my experience was amazing !Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:Great TAs that are super helpful and are enthusiastic about their workYou get to work with other engineers and learn from themCurriculum (for the most part) is very solid and definitely applicable in the industryCons:If you're not willing to work... Read More hard, it won't work out for youStill uses Ruby on Rails which is quickly falling out of favor in the industryYou have to set aside everything to be successful. I spent 13 hours (9 am- 10pm) every weekday and 6-8 hours every weekend with occasional breaks over 12 weeks. You only get as much as you are willing to give.Read Less",app-academy
"I enjoyed my time here at app Academy.but to be honest, it wasn't the most fun.I probably don't want to do it again because it was so exhaustingBut for a career change, I think this amount of effort is a minimal requirement. The curriculum needs a bit... Read More of update, since some videos are still from the first year a/A was launched, but love the staff crew.If you choose to do this bootcamp, my advice is. While you need to be on fulltime doing the bootcamp, do not burn out. Find a hobby you can spend one afternoon a week to relieve stress.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is really good for those that are able to take advantage of it. First I will start off with the cons: There isn't really anything for emotional or mental support here at app academy. I understand that maybe it is not part of the mission of... Read More the academy but I feel the students would be able to perform better if either there was a dedicated psychologist on staff or if the TA's received some kind of support training. I think this would greatly benefit the students and improve the success rate. I'm sure the Academy does not want to lose money because of students faling out when they've already been accepted. Pros: Aside from stated above, the staff here is well equipped to answer any and all technical questions you may have. Like most professions, there are good TA's and bad TA's so take advantage of the good TA's while you still have their full attention. My time here at app academy has been nothing short of life changing, I actually feel like I will be fully prepared once entering the job market with the type of career and technical help I can get from App Academy. Highly recommended.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum is actually pretty good, I went from zero programming experience to making some pretty cool projects and feeling confident in my new skills as a software engineer. That being said the pace is very tough with long hours of class, long hours... Read More of studying at home in the evening and on weekends, No holidays even on memorial day or other common days off, etc.Many of the teachers are recent graduates of the course and so may not have much more experience than you as a student so you will find significantly diminishing returns in asking them questions as you advance to the later stages of the curriculumRead Less",app-academy
"I would say this program is very well structured for sure. They have a great structure for learning the bootcamp at a fast pace as well as providing you with the right support. Its all about how much effort you put in to be honest. If you spend the time... Read More and effort, you will come out on top and ready to apply to software engineering jobs. I would say the job support is there too but its not as strong as the instructional portion of the course. It just feels like they are a bit understaffed when it comes to the job prep portion.Read Less",app-academy
"Yes, it's a demanding experience - that's a given. But, the App Academy experience is really what you make out of it. There is an abundance of content, and knowledgeable instructors. But, if you don't genuinely engage in the material daily, or deliberately... Read More ask the instructors for help, then you will not learn as much as others who proactively ask questions and challenge themselves. The instructors will never hold your hand, or give you an easy way out. Rather, they will train you to learn how to learn, so that you may become an independent programmer and thinker. If you have a basket that holds 5 apples, App Academy will throw 10 apples at you every week. Accordingly, you will have to drop 5 apples every week, and choose which 5 you will digest. This can feel overwhelming at first, but that's just how the curriculum is designed. The assessments keep you on track, but they are definitely not the perfect system - and the instructors also agree with this. If you fail 2 exams, you will be kicked out. Accordingly, if you fail one exam, you will constantly be in a stressed and anxious state throughout the program, and I can't imagine that being too great for your health. But as for the moment, assessments get the job done.Overall, I've learned a ton through the program, and became a disciplined individual and developer. My expectations were not met, but I am definitely a better developer today than I was before the start of the program. Also, the building has no windows. When you feel burned-out, do take a walk outside and get some fresh air.Read Less",app-academy
"I transitioned from academia to software engineering by doing a/A's 9-week bootcamp. I went from having no job prospects to having a job I enjoy and more money than I probably need. I've suggested the same to about 7 different friends who were in similar... Read More situations. The 3 who took my advice have finished the course, and have jobs that they enjoy and more money than they probably need.Sure, the curriculum is free online. But I've met basically no one with the willpower and independence necessary to learn what they need, in good time, on their own. By sitting in a room with people who are doing the same work and asking the same questions, it all feels very natural. The program is over before you realize it, and you have a job you enjoy and more money than you probably need.This probably sounds like a paid ad. It is not. I'm mostly just frustrated that so few people believe me when I tell them all this.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been one of the most fulfilling experiences of my life. It is an INTENSE program requiring anywhere from 80-100 hours a week if commitment; you really have no time except for studying and homework. Every second is well worth it. If you... Read More are very serious about a career/life change then this is a great place to apply. The curriculum challenging and fast paced with little room for slacking. If you follow the curriculum and do the work, you will be golden. The job search curriculum is also great. They really help guide you in preparing all your job search materials as well as how to go about networking, following up, applying, etc.. The staff is nothing short of awesome and they are always there to answer any questions imaginable. The staff is patient, kind, respectful, and extremely intelligent; you will learn from some top notch programmers here. This course was incredible and I would recommend to anyone!Read Less",app-academy
"I've spent 9 hard weeks here and it was a great experience. Though the courses and projects are intensive, but TAs are really supportive. It's impossible for one working by his own learn so many things in 9 weeks. The most precious moment here is that... Read More you are able to ask questions and have frequent contact with TAs as long as you have questions and they will make sure you understand them. For me, the experience is really worthy. In terms of job search, I just feel like it's always a hard work and you need to put more effort on it yourself.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was without a doubt one of the hardest challenges i've faced in my life. Throughout the week, there is literally no free time, and your life is coding. It's amazing how much you can learn if you follow the prescribed hours. I went from knowing... Read More nothing about coding to being able to make my own fullstack site and a javascript game. My tip for prospective students is that they prepare themselves for this rigorous course by making sure that they will have no distractions throughout the 12 weeks. Also, going through their foundations course multiple times will ensure that you have the best possible start to the bootcamp. Deciding to join App Academy was a great decision!Read Less",app-academy
"The only prerequisite to App Academy is loving to code. If you enjoy the process then you will be able to get through this incredibly intense but exciting program. If you aren't all in though, don't try it. This is one of the most time intensive and taxing... Read More things I have ever done, think finals week, but every week for three months. The testing structure at the start of the course can be pretty stressful, but most people do get through it and if you fail out they give you your money back, so its not the end of the world. I would not trade this experience for anything though. In such a short period of time I have made friends that will last a lifetime, a skill that will hopefully get me a job, and most importantly the ability to learn and teach myself going forward.Read Less",app-academy
"All the usual disclaimers: these opinions are solely my own, etc. I went through App Academy in the October 2018 cohort. Though I ended up with a job I'm thrilled with ~2 months after graduation, the following is information I wish I had known going in.... Read MoreApp Academy's curriculum is first-class. Though it's now freely available online, I found that working through the material in-person with instructor and peer support allowed me to work way harder and learn 100X more effectively than if I had done it on my own. There are a few minor nits to pick with the curriculum (my two cents: not enough vanilla Javascript and React without Redux, too much into to programming stuff), but the staff is incredibly receptive to feedback and changes requested by my cohort are already being implemented in subsequent cohorts. I initially disliked the pair-programming part of the program, but I came around after a few weeks. I do think forcing yourself to communicate your thoughts is the best way to learn and avoid tricking your brain into thinking you know something you don't. Though it's exhausting to do this all day every day, especially if you're an introvert. The rigor of the program is well-documented in other reviews, although I found this pace fun rather than stressful. I devoted ~80 hours a week on average to the program, up to ~100 on intense project weeks. Though controversial, I personally like the assessments as part of the curriculum. I found they kept the pace moving and incentivized learning quite well. Overall, I had an absolute blast during the coding portion of a/A. One thing that's critical to note is that most of these reviews were written after completing the coding portion of the curriculum (week 9), but before the job search curriculum (weeks 10-12) or the actual job search. At that point I would have been similarly enthusiastic, but I think most of the negatives of App Academy surface after week 9.The job search curriculum attempted to balance 2 more projects (one with a totally new tech stack), a primer on algorithms and data structures, behavioral preparation, and application materials (resumes etc.). In my opinion, all of these missed the mark. The MERN stack and algorithms projects/lectures were perfunctory and insufficient. The non-technical portions were mainly common sense to anyone who has been through an interview process before (though there are students at a/A who haven't, so this material may have been helpful to them). On top of this, all of these disparate pieces were done in parallel, making it impossible to focus on any of them. I think doing them serially would have been far more effective.As difficult as the program is, the job search afterwards is 1000X harder. Though demand for developers is as high as ever, demand for junior developers seems to have taken a nosedive over the past few years. Entry-level dev jobs are hard to come by, and competition for them is fierce due to the high volume of cookie-cutter bootcamp grads out there. App Academy offers guidance on how to navigate this tough market, but it feels like an arms race and I have serious doubts about how long a/A will be able to keep its stats where they are. It's also not really accurate to consider this a 12-week program. Though instruction only lasts for 12 weeks, most students will need to spend significant time self-studying (JS and web for frontend, algorithms and data structures for backend and fullstack). In my opinion a/A's 12 weeks are plenty sufficient to become a competent junior developer, but the reality of the job market right now is that you will likely have to go well beyond this to get hired, even if you're a top performer in the program.A few things I wish I'd known about placements: The vast majority of App Academy grads end up at startups. Students do get placed at bigger companies occasionally, but this is uncommon. Students with work histories, degrees, and demographics more aligned with industry demand will, in general, have an easier time finding jobs, though counterexamples do exist. Salaries seem to be more or less as advertised. I expected more out of a/A in terms of pipelines and company partnerships - they do have a few (&lt;5) and are working on more, but expect to do almost all of the heavy lifting yourself.Note that many of these issues are not necessarily unique to a/A but are present across the bootcamp industry. Though a/A's job search curriculum could use some work and the job search is infinitely more difficult than advertised, I had an absolute blast going through App Academy and ended up with an offer I am thrilled with. I would recommend App Academy to anyone who has the mind for the material and the stomach for the job search.Read Less",app-academy
"I just graduated from the main curriculum of app academy and am about to enter the job search curriculum. There is a lot of content and it requires a lot of time and energy to get through everything with a deep understanding of it. That being said, the... Read More curriculum is very good and focuses on exactly what you need to know. There are many instances where the program teaches students the ""under the hood"" workings of some built in function or program so that you understand the base functionality before moving on to actually using the tools themselves to do the hard part. Essentially, my point is that it's very in-depth and the TAs (teaching assistants) are very supportive as well, providing daily lectures and answering any questions students might have as they work on their projects throughout the week. The only complaint I really had was the homework. The homework is optional but it's a good idea to do it as often as one can so as to enter the following day with a good grasp of the material that will follow. It is, however, very frustrating, oftentimes with vague directions and few satisfactory results. It's very difficult to end a full day of coding with homework on new material that isn't always explained very effectively. I personally skipped many days of homework just so I could go to sleep with some peace of mind rather than feeling frustrated and stressed. At the very least, I did always do the readings and videos that were assigned. The other thing I would mention is that this is mostly a learning by doing type of curriculum. Different learning styles aren't really taken into account here. There are lectures and readings, but primarily, coding is hands-on material and there's no way around that. Students should definitely expect to put in 80 hours a week (including the 45 hours that one must be in attendance) minimum during this bootcamp if they want to succeed. If one puts in the time and devotion for the full 10 weeks, then they will be web developers and they will find a job, plain and simple. The process is long and grueling and leaves many people feeling doubtful, but it works.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy was one of the best choices I have ever made. I have my doubts before applying because I thought that I could self teach on how to become a software developer, but it does in no way compare to the amount of material gets covered... Read More during the curriculum and the amount of help and answered questions you get from aA's staff. The culture at app academy was very inclusive and it made me feel very comfortable the entire time. Overall, it was a great experience and now I can say I am truly a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"It was definitely one of the most intense experiences of my life, but I learned a lot of different things in a very short period of time. The program teaches you everything about web development starting from the basics and going into a lot of depth.... Read More I would recommend it to anyone who wants to become a full-stack developer.Read Less",app-academy
A great experience. Learned a lot and the staff is very friendly and here to help! A very intense 3 month program where you will need to put all of your focus on studying and learning. You will get burnt out so make sure to take care of yourself and get... Read More as much sleep when you can.Read Less,app-academy
"One of the best experiences in my life. An inclusive, friendly environment. A very hard bootcamp, but it's worth it. I went in without any coding background, in only three months they turned me into a software engineer ready to hit the ground.",app-academy
"Just about to graduate in a week and it's been great! The connections through cohort mates, alumni and the tas are priceless. Definitely would do it again. Already missing it and I haven't left yet!",app-academy
"Overall great experience -- intense, thorough, and at times exhausting, but extremely rewarding. I tried coding myself for a while but lacked the direction and drive. App Academy did that for me. The best part of the whole process though is the people... Read More you meet. Their drive and intelligence of these people are such positive influences to the grind. The coursework is effective and extensive, but the only thing I'd have to say is that many people agree Ruby may becoming obsolete, perhaps an update on the language might be beneficial such as Python and its frameworks. They also have a job search part of the curriculum which is quite informative. The material and tools are good but it's what you put into it, especially after graduation.Read Less",app-academy
"You will learn more about software development in 12 Weeks than in my opinion you could learn in college. App Academy has given me the tools to be able to hit the ground running. It is an inclusive environment where everyone is encouraging and the teaching... Read More assistants give you the tools to succeed. It is a tough bootcamp because you are constantly learning something new and you are pushed to the limit every day. However, it is one of the most rewarding experiences that I have ever had in my life. Being around so many brilliant individuals push you to be better. You will be challenged like never before but it will pay off 10x's over, and you will be incredibly thankful for the experience. In all, it was the best thing I have ever done. Thank you, App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy has been an overall good experience. It can be ROUGH at times (puts the boot in the world bootcamp) but it really teaches you a LOT and prepares you as best as a person could possibly be to go from 0 to developer in 3 months. I feel... Read More like part of the experience is being around other cool aspiring developers as well, it's something that you can't really replicate with just some kind of online class or something like that.Read Less",app-academy
"One of the best decisions I've ever made. In going to app academy, I've surrounded myself with ambitious intelligent people who constantly push me to do better. The program is rigorous, but the difficulty definitely breeds camaraderie with your cohort-mates.... Read More A few areas of improvement: Ruby on Rails is trending downwards, would loved to have learned Node.js or Go as a backend framework. Also be prepared to go farther with Algorithms &amp; Data Structures than the curriculum as of writing. App academy has positioned me well to succeed. I don't regret it one bit.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum starts off basic, but is very fast paced. You'll be pushed to your limits and will sometimes not be able to take in everything. Unless you're already a developer and have had job experience in web development, you will not be able to get... Read More by with just 40-60 hours a week of working. 80-100 Hour weeks are more close to what you will be experiencing as you get busy. Saying that is was a very rewarding experience, filled with great TAs and other students as well. I don't have as much to say about the job search side yet, besides Eli is great, but it's only about a 2 week curriculum so you'll have to practice a lot of the skills there on your own.Read Less",app-academy
"This program is not for everyone. Get ready to put in 12+ hours a day, 7 days a week. It's extremely rewarding and I had an amazing time but be warned, it's by no means easy.",app-academy
"App Academy is a great program for those who haven't had too much experience in software development. The whole course goes through Ruby, Rails, JS, React, then a full stack project and a MERN stack project. There's also a vanilla JS project at the end.... Read More You'll learn a ton from the projects and TAs are always around to help you if you have any questions.Some warnings though, the program is no joke. You'll be spending around 100 hours a week sometimes just working on your projects, and projects are expected to be completed over weekends as well. In addition, the last couple weeks which are dedicated to projects are not as structured as the first 9 or so weeks. This means that you'll have to make sure you're organized enough to keep yourself on schedule since there's always a new topic every day.Read Less",app-academy
"Be ready to give up everything else that is going on in your life, this course needs 100% of your time. They aren't lying when they say the course can take up to 100 hours a week. The teaching is solid and all of the other students are serious about what... Read More they are doing and are really smart and capable people. In regards to the curriculum, ruby is a great language to learn the fundamentals of programming. With that said I don't think that it's very useful to teach us about rails when the last few weeks we barely have enough time to learn MERN stack, which seems to be the more relevant stack in the industry now.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is great, but the results depend on the amount of work you are willing to put in. The pace is rigorous, and it gets more rigorous from day one. Do not expect to get through a/A without significant effort. If you have a habit of procrastination,... Read More don’t worry. You won’t have enough time to procrastinate at App Academy. Your instructors are, friendly, knowledgeable, and fantastic at explaining the material. Your peers are some of the most talented and hard working people you will ever meet. And if you’ve done the work, by the end of the program you will be a software developer.Read Less",app-academy
"Let me first start with this... this boot camp IS NOT for everyone. What I mean by that is that IT IS intense. You will be stressed out by the amount of work you have to do, the lack of time (or at least the feeling of it) and ultimately the strictness... Read More that is enforced.There is a device &amp; attendance strike system (that could lead to dismissal) to make sure people aren't being distracted by their phones, laptops, whatever instead of doing their work. This can be a pro or a con depending on your perspective. They WILL dismiss you if you fail 2 of the 6 assessments that happen within the first 5-1/2 weeks. Curriculum topics change every 1 to 1.5 weeks. If you're completely new to programming, there isn't much time to deeply absorb the topics before moving on to another one.From a materials standpoint, some of the videos, articles, and information that they use is between 3-5 years old. That's ancient in the world of tech. At times, the instructions used in pair programming or for the projects (or the homework) can be vague &amp; unintentionally (or intentionally?) misleading. Often times I was frustrated by how little focus the work presented seemed to have.There were a few times where it felt less like inspiration/motivation and more like scare-tactics were used to get people to do their work. The assessments carry so much weight that a few of my classmates failed because they freaked out during the test and couldn't recover. The instructors tell you to ""make sure you sleep"", ""take care of yourself"", etc. But then there's a timed assessment that basically dictates your future looming over your head. And every day is regimented, scheduled, lectured and pre-determined for you, that there isn't time to catch up from anything in the previous days.This all may sound scary, and intimidating or more like a military boot camp, than a coding one (I sometimes wonder if that's really what they're going for), but after the assessments are done, and the weight of dismissal has been lifted, things start to make sense. Around Week 7/8 is when you start to build your fullstack project. For me at least, this is where all the pieces began to come together. Each of the topics that we learned finally had a place, and while you still don't know everything about any of it all, you have at least a base understanding that you can build from. You can start to ask questions about where to begin, where to go, what you want to do, etc.To be clear, the level of knowledge that you gain once the first 9 weeks are done WILL allow you to build a fullstack, fully working app. Will it be the next Facebook, Google, Instagram or Snapchat? Highly unlikely, but you now have a solid foundation that could possibly get you there.All in all, my outlook on the program is that I didn't much care for certain portions of it while going through it, but I am thankful for being shown the frustrations, intricacies and the BS that comes with web development. As they say, ""what doesn't dismiss you from bootcamp, only makes you a stronger software dev"" (or something like that ;-) ).So to conclude, this school isn't for everyone, it doesn't need to be. If you thrive in pressure or at least know yourself well enough to be able to work through intense situations, then this may be for you. Just know that it's not going to be pretty. It's not going to be easy. But if you make it through, you should feel rewarded.DISCLAIMER: I'm currently in the job search portion of the curriculum, so I cannot fully give an opinion on this piece yet. I will update this review (if I can) once I've had some exposure to that side of things.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been a great experience! It's a tough, fast Bootcamp and it's extremely rewarding. The instructors are awesome and the curriculum moves at a rapid pace. After a few months, you'll be surprised at how much you've learned. I tried teaching... Read More myself (to no avail) and had already surpassed my prior knowledge within the first week in class.On top of that, they dedicate a good portion of your time in class to building up your portfolio and skills for the job search.Read Less",app-academy
"The most intensive coding experience you can have, even for someone with previous coding experience!A lot to learn, ruby rails javascript react and a lot of pair programming. In addition to learning to code you will learn how to communicate your ideas,... Read More how to study for a do or die test under a lot of pressure, and how to survive and thrive with a 100+ hours a week workload.Pros:* A lot of pair programming with awesome people* Top notch training for algorithms and user authentication* Rewarding and expansive final projects* Any other challenge will pale in comparison* You will be pushed to become amazing* Bonding with classmatesCons:* Some people don't make it! (Don't pass the assessments)* Its TOO intense maybe. You will suffer! (but worth it)Read Less",app-academy
"It's rare that someone is given a genuine opportunity to change everything on a dime. App Academy offers that sort of experience to every one of its attendees. If you're willing to work really hard, day in and day out, for 3 months (plus the time it takes... Read More to find a job, which can be a few more, albeit less intense, months) you can go from 0 coding experience to being a capable, well-paid Software Developer. It's not perfect - the ergonomics and ambiance could use an upgrade - but it's totally worth it. You'll learn a lot and make some amazing friends along the way.Read Less",app-academy
"This was definitely one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences. It's challenging because you're learning a lot of new material every single day, dedicating your waking hours to studying the material and feeling lost and confused at many points... Read More throughout. It's not an exaggeration that it feels like you're drinking from a fire hose. It's also incredibly rewarding because at the end of the curriculum when you're building your own projects and finally seeing everything come together, you realize how far you've come. a/A has a great group of instructors that are always willing to help, and are very knowledgeable. One thing I do really appreciate is that they are always refining and working on making their program better through incorporating feedback and making sure everything we're learning is relevant and up-to-date.I would say if you're planning to apply, please take the time now to put in as much effort as you can to study as much as you can to build up a good foundation and getting you into good studying habits. The application process is not easy and it's probably intentionally that way to weed out only people who really want to be there because once the program starts, if you're not ready you're going to fall behind. Know exactly what you're signing up for and be willing to dedicate 100% of your time and effort. The way the course is structured, if you put in the effort, time, and dedication you will be successful and you will not regret it!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is definitely worth it if you're interested in web development. Although it is quite difficult, it is very rewarding if you put in the time to study. I came in with little to no experience in coding. But after going through the curriculum... Read More and studying for at least 80 hours a week, I have learned the tools and gained the skills to build a webpage. The instructors are great at teaching the material, and they are always more than willing to help. Overall, I am very glad I decided to attend App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"The experience of App Academy is one of a kind. When you are at a/A, you will be amongst people who are extremely motivated which keeps you motivated. The course starts at an incredibly fast pace and does not slow down. For me personally, I had to dedicate... Read More all hours and days of the week to keep pace with the curriculum. However, it was definitely worth it to go through a/A. I came to a/A without knowing much about coding. Now I feel like I have a solid foundation for Ruby and Javascript. I also have several projects for my resume and portfolio. The teachers at a/A are also extremely nice and helpful. I always felt like the teachers were engaged with me whether it was in a lecture or one on one. There always super nice and always willing to help. Overall, this program was definitely worth it. If you want to learn about coding, a/A is the place to go.Read Less",app-academy
I felt that the curriculum was great and that it touched every part of programming that would be useful for landing that job. The only critique I may have is reorganizing the structure some of the points could be emphasized better.,app-academy
Learned a lot from this place and would recommend it to anyone looking to learn a lot in a short amount of time. I've never had a bad time at app academy and have developed a lot of new skills.,app-academy
App Academy is by far one of the hardest things I've done in my life and definitely the most exhausting. I'm writing this review after finishing week 10. Before getting accepted into a/A I had absolutely ZERO coding experience and now I've completed two... Read More full stack projects and working on a third one. You're going to be amazed at how much you can learn in the amount of time that you have. It's going to be hard like what everyone else says but if you stay committed it will be worth it.Read Less,app-academy
"This bootcamp starts you off right out of the gate sprinting. It can be really intense especially in the first few weeks. However there is a fantastic staff set in place to help you out with everything. You can really tell the TA's truly care about your... Read More development and as long as you're putting in the work they're willing to help you. It can be hard in the beginning and you'll start each week learning something new and feel a little lost but usually by the end of the week you'll pick it up. The most rewarding part about the program are the projects at the end. While you're going through the program it can be hard to see how all of the material you're learning comes together but when you finally implement them all into a functional web app, it truly is an incredible experience and as long as you follow the program and do the things they tell you to do, you'll do well. They spend a ton of time and effort into creating the best program possible and I wouldn't trade my time here for anything else. Overall an amazing program run by fantastic people that truly care about your development and you can't really ask for much more than thatRead Less",app-academy
"When I decide to learn programming and search some bootcamps, a/A stood out because of their high job placement stats and course structures. Upon getting accepted and attending, I found the staff were amazing, and will answer every question you have and... Read More also give you suggestions. Also, I was very doubtful of my abilities to pass through the entire course from day one, and that comes as no surprise because the curriculum is extremely fast-paced and difficult. The course is well structured, I feel I have a strong foundations of different programming concepts. If you want to become a software developer, app academy is the way to do it.Read Less",app-academy
"Intense, but worth it.If you want to build a solid foundation in software development, App Academy has a great curriculum for you. It's called a bootcamp for a reason - it is extremely fast-paced and challenging. They have set up a great environment for... Read More learning (with staff that really cares about our development). The culture here is great too - open, fun, and hard-working. Each cohort is filled with people from all walks of life, and you will make some great connections.If you are serious about becoming a full-stack developer, go to App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
I struggled learning to code on my own. App Academy provided a great environment to learn how to code. This is a very INTENSE program but working with others and having instructors to reference makes the experience all worthwhile. I'd definitely recommend... Read More the program to those who are sure they want to become a web app developer.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy is a bootcamp in every sense of the word. You'll be dedicating 3 months of your life to learning algorithms, data structures, and various frameworks for full-stack web development. Be prepared for early morning commutes and long nights studying... Read More challenging material--it will test your limits. While curriculum may be intensive, it is not without support. App Academy has employed amazing instructors that are highly-skilled, well-prepared, and extremely patient. Beyond instructorship, you'll network with dozens of other software developers in-training with similar motivations. Awesome experience.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a super intense bootcamp which the whole coding curriculum is 9 weeks long including the last two weeks is fully for your full-stack project. After that, you will enter the job search part of the rest of the curriculum. Basically, you won't... Read More any spare time left in each of every day in App Academy. You have to finish tons of homework, readings and videos to be prepared for the pair-programming in the next day. So be prepared. Beside of the curriculum, you will meet many cool people here. The TAs and your cohort mates are super friendly, helpful and cool! You may feel like you are not qualified for the program. But hey, they chose you for a reason, so trust in yourself.Read Less",app-academy
"The instructors are extremely knowledgeable and in my opinion, the best thing about App Academy. The bootcamp is very demanding but if you put in the work, you will be successful. The instructors are passionate about the material and it genuinely feels... Read More like they want you to succeed and learn. Amazing experience!Read Less",app-academy
App Academy was an extremely challenging and rewarding bootcamp. The instructional staff was so helpful in explaining difficult concepts. It is crazy how much you learn in 3 months. I highly recommend App Academy for anyone who is looking to transition... Read More their career into software development.Read Less,app-academy
"As other reviews state, App Academy is a rigorous bootcamp requiring 80+ hours every week. I would say I spent around 80-90 hours a week and sometimes more; it really depends on each person if you can grasp the material quickly or if you need more time... Read More to review on your own time. You cannot do the bare minimum and pass, you need to study and stay on top of everything as it is really fast paced.There are assessments which are stressful but if you study the material they provide you will and can pass. I have no previous background in anything computer programming related so it is possible to go through the program as a complete newbie. The TAs and instructors are super helpful throughout the first 9 weeks when you're in the coding curriculum and then the last 3 weeks are the job search curriculum. I can't rate the job search curriculum in terms of success as I have yet to start the application process; there isn't as much structure in the last 3 weeks as it mostly consists of independently working on your own projects. One caveat I found was that it is advertised as a 12-week program but at the start of the last 3 weeks they notified us that we will be required to stay an additional 3 weeks if we do not have things complete; it's great that we get the additional support but I think it should be more appropriately to advertise this as a 15 week program.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is life-changing. This was by far the toughest workload I’ve ever had to endure. I constantly wondered day by day if I will survive and understand everything thrown at me. But week after week I was reminded just how much I’ve actually retained... Read More and how much I was growing into the software engineer I aimed to be. I went to a different bootcamp a year beforehand and learned a great amount of skills, but going through App Academy showed my glaring weaknesses and helped me build a proper foundation with great guidance from TA's and Instructors. I encourage anyone to apply who is passionate about coding and willing to put in the work. It is nowhere close to easy, but everyone is totally capable.Read Less",app-academy
"Before attending App Academy, I nearly had zero experience with coding. To be completely honest, I was very doubtful of my abilities to pass through the entire course from day one, and that comes as no surprise because the curriculum is extremely fast-paced... Read More and difficult. The only reason why I was able to make it this far was thanks to the culture at a/A. To start, the instructors are amazing; they try their hardest to be relatable and they give very, very practical advice. Not only that, but they're with you all the way through your journey. They're willing to help you in your lowest of lows and celebrate with you in your highest of highs. To have someone there for you to guide you every step of the way comes a long way in helping you to hone your programming skills. Needless to say, a/A has been an amazing experience and will continue to live on as one of the best decisions I've ever made in my life!My only pieces of advice would be to stay on top of the work (read the material beforehand!), save up some questions for the next day, have fun, and get PLENTY of sleep!Read Less",app-academy
"when I was searching around for a bootcamp, a/A stood out because of their high job placement stats. Upon getting accepted and attending, I found the staff were amazing, and will answer every question you have. The coursework can have some polishing,... Read More but I definitely feel I have a strong foundation for any junior level position upon graduating.Read Less",app-academy
"After working in the restaurant business for five years, I was skeptical about trying to make the switch into the tech industry. However, let me tell you how my App Academy experience went! After being accepted, I was given a plethora of great material... Read More to get up to speed. REALLY STUDY THIS MATERIAL. Taking the time to go through all of it and thoroughly comprehending all of the concepts immensely helps once the cohort begins. The last few weeks leading up to the course start date they have ""open house"" study sessions with 1-2 App Academy instructors/TAs to help answer any questions. I suggest taking note of the things that give you trouble and having questions prepared in advance to ask the staff in person. There's also a Slack channel where everyone can help each other out. After my first official day, I was surprised by how enthusiastic the everyone was! The culture at A/a really is amazing. All of the instructors and TAs are very patient and super nice. The days are very long but since you pair up with someone new everyday time flies. Stay on top of the homework, get enough sleep, ask a lot of questions and you'll have an exceptional experience. PS: The job search curriculum afterward is where App Academy shines. Just when you thought the program couldn't get any better!Read Less",app-academy
"This bootcamp is challenging - it really demands a lot of your mind, body, and time for the 3 months that it goes on. But the atmosphere is so positive, the TA's and your fellow students are all so supportive of you and want you to succeed. Definitely... Read More worthwhile!Read Less",app-academy
"My overall experience with App Academy is rewarding and full to say the least. Those with zero coding experience will really benefit from attending the bootcamp and gain working knowledge in a short amount of time. The material is challenging and fast... Read More paced but you'll receive all the guidance you need as support from App Academy. Be prepared to dedicate a portion of your hours outside of the class to studying, otherwise you are not taking full advantage of the course. People who attend the prep course come from all different walks of life, whether it's a career change or because they prefer the fast paced learning as opposed to attending college. It's a very welcoming environment that fosters a desire to grow together as a group.Read Less",app-academy
"There is no exaggeration about how difficult the program is. This isn't specifically in regards to the material, but the entire program itself. Considering that &lt;5% of applicants get accepted and still there are students that get kicked out, it isn't... Read More about how difficult the material is. Students get kicked out because they are not prepared for a bootcamp. The full-time program is rigorous, strict, and fast-paced. There is no time to catch up if you fall behind because everyday there is brand new material to become familiar with before the next day. Preparing for a bootcamp comes down to how much time and energy you are willing to completely dedicate to the program. Those that slept enough, ate well, studied hard, minimized distractions, worked on the prep material thoroughly, and remained consistently focused had a better chance at succeeding.The program is designed to teach students many skills in as short a time as possible. It is structured to expose students to new material through various methods and then solidify that knowledge with practical exercises. On top of that, the instructors are more than happy to help every student with any issue. It is clear how passionate they are about programming as well as teaching. The environment is welcoming and encouraging. I have never been taught by a more dedicated group of instructors and I have never learned alongside such hardworking and persistent classmates. Every student is there to strive for success and every instructor is there to help them do it. In the end, I was almost surprised to realize how much I actually accomplished in such a short time.Read Less",app-academy
"The first and only advice I would offer someone thinking about enrolling in App Academy is to think seriously if they are ready to give up everything for 12 weeks and commit to the course. Not going to lie, this is a challenging experience that has many... Read More struggles. If you are not willing or ready to put in the effort required you will not succeed. With that being said, if you commit yourself to the work and buy in this will be one of the most rewarding things you participate in. You will learn a set of wonderful new skills and you will develop the confidence to dive into the unknown, knowing you can come out the other side. Be prepared to have many sleep deprived days. Be prepared to feel behind and lost. And just be prepared to work as hard as you can.The TA's at App Academy are great. They do an excellent job of mentoring everyone. My classmates have been great. Overall this has been a wonderful experience.Read Less",app-academy
"This has been one of the best experiences of my life. While I have learned a lot and improved my coding ability tremendously, I think the most valuable skill I've gained is how to work hard for a long period of time. If you want to become a software developer,... Read More app academy is the way to do it.Read Less",app-academy
Everytime I started to get comfortable with the material it was in the past and there was now a whole new topic to learn quickly. The attrition rate is high due to the requirement to pass assessments and it was sad to see some good friends leave the program.... Read MoreRead Less,app-academy
"The review will be split in two partsPart 1: Curriculum- Rapid fire pace. The sheer amount of material you're expected to cover on a daily basis is overwhelming.My suggestion for the daily homeworks. At least take a quick look at the material before you... Read More pass out for the night, simply having exposure to the material will help you reinforce it in the morning lecture .Part 2: Job SearchIf you were thought completing the main curriculum would led to a job right away. I have some bad news..Job search is a whole different challenge in itself. Simply knowing the technical material and having projects on your resume isn't enough.- You have to be able to play the social game (build rapport with recruiters/managers/engs), and be able to explain complex concepts in a simple way.- You have to be able to code, think, and sometimes speak at the same time during phone screensOf course, some people got jobs quickly, and others would job search for 9+ months before landing a position. Everybody's path is going to be different! Keep pushing forward and things will work outRead Less",app-academy
"I recently graduated college with a background in math and computer science, so my experience may be different from others wishing to apply, though I would highly recommend App Academy to anyone wishing to transition into a career in web development and... Read More software engineering. The teaching staff has an impressively thorough grasp of the entire curriculum, and the job placements team is really concerned with getting to know your individual strengths, weaknesses, and interests. Occasionally alumni were invited to give guest lectures on the main curriculum, and I would love to see App Academy provide more opportunities like these for current students to see where the material they are learning exists in the real world. I would also mention that my cohort was one of the brightest and most colorful and driven groups of peers I have had the pleasure to work with. App Academy was very successful in providing an environment in which I could flourish both intellectually and socially, allowing me to jump into the next phase of my professional career.Read Less",app-academy
"Having prior knowledge in IT industry, appacademy helped me in getting expertise on many skills such as Ruby, RAILS, JavaScript.The curriculum is designed to accommodate all levels of learners to drive them towards a fully qualified full stack developer.... Read MoreThe staff were always been friendly and helpful with extensive knowledge in their assigned areas.I recommend this boot camp to all who has aspirations for working in Software roles.Read Less",app-academy
"I decided to make the switch into coding about 6 months ago after working in HR for several years. Coming from a non-technical background, I was very nervous about how I would do overall with the rigorous curriculum. I will say that the course overall... Read More is very intense and requires a ton of dedication and focus. I'm someone who likes structure and I think App Academy did a really good job structuring their curriculum. People weren't lying when they say they've spent 80+ hours a week. I've spent at least 80-100+ hours a week. This style doesn't fit for everyone, and I think that's important to note. There are assessments that act more as checkpoints to ensure students are able to keep up with the material, so it's important manage your time properly and study for them. Pair programming is also a big focus which overall I found pretty helpful. I found that the TA's were all very helpful and knowledgable as well. Everyone here really wants you to succeed so resources are almost always available. Overall my experience here has been really great. I've been challenged and pushed in many different ways as a developer. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking to switch careers.Read Less",app-academy
"I've planned to get into App Academy for a long time. In 2018 I finally managed to make arrangements to quit my job and have enough money to attend App Academy and have a few month for the job search. It was a little scary to change my life so completely,... Read More but I took a leap of faith. There was nothing easy for me during prep for the App Academy, Alpha course or main curriculum. It really takes a lot of work and dedication. I've stuck with it though and trusted the process. The program is designed in such a way that you only need to think about today and materials for tomorrow, and as long as you can do that you will find yourself progressing and going in the right direction to become a web developer. I've graduated in the mid October 2018 and accepted an offer at the end of December. I'm really happy I followed my dream. App Academy made it possible for me to get a job as a developer without CS degree or work experience in software development.Read Less",app-academy
"Deciding to do App Academy has been a great experience. The reviews I've read before coming on were intimidating regarding the workload, and they are mostly true! It IS a lot of work - but honestly, it breezed by because it was so much fun! And then it... Read More feels just that much more rewarding. I'd say one of my favorite things about App Academy were the people. The TAs and your peers are your best resources. TAs were superb. They are there to help you, and they really mean it. They are so genuinely nice, brilliant, and rooting for your success. And all have went through the course as well and know exactly what it's like in your shoes. My peers were awesome. I've made great great great friends and know that I'll be in close contact with them for years to come! It was awesome being challenged together and working towards a goal. Finding a good support system and surrounding yourself with other superstars made the whole course crazy fun &amp; flash by. You get to know a lot of people through the pair programming you do every day, and it's been one of the greatest tools for me to practice ARTICULATING my thought process and code. It's pretty mentally exhausting to have to talk and code, talk and code, etc.. but you do see yourself grow in terms of slowing down and breaking out problems since you have to verbally explain it to another ear. And you learn loads too being paired with all these different smart people and learning how they think.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has a very different structure compared to other bootcamps in the nation. One of the main differences is that their success comes after your success. The instructors and TAs truly devote their best energy and effort in teaching you everything... Read More to become a real software engineer by the end of the program. Throughout those 12 weeks, you will be learning new materials almost everyday and able to apply those new skills to your daily pair programming and projects. You will also be challenged on 6 assessments in order to retain your spot in the program; however, those assessments are the positive reinforcement to push you to learn. One of my favorite moments at a/A is when I completed my full-stack project with all the skills I learned from the program. That kind of satisfaction cannot be expressed in words. If you are also thinking of becoming a software engineer, I would highly recommend you to apply to a/A because there is no better place than this bootcamp.Read Less",app-academy
"I have attended 2 other full stack web development schools and App Academy is by far the best. Their curriculum is very well structured for the beginner and the advanced students. It really doesn't matter what level you come from, App Academy is challenging... Read More but you definitely come out better for it in the end.Other courses I learned how to build applications. That is OK if I wanted to freelance or work for some small start up company. But I have bigger dreams. I want to work for a big 4 (or 5) company and one day start my own company involving tech. In order to do that I needed to have a deeper understanding than putting code together. Ask anyone that works for a big tech company or what makes the difference between a good programmer and a great one. They will all tell you they understand how things work more.One of the criticisms I hear is that App Academy has a good portion of their curriculum using Ruby. I understand it is not as popular of a language as JavaScript and Python but the part I like is how they use the language to teach concepts of computer science that are extremely useful going into a big company or building your own. Think of it this way, they trade you getting deep knowledge of software engineering for the trade off of learning a popular language. Having worked with 3 other languages and familiar with about 10, Ruby is a really really easy language to learn and why struggle with a language when you can struggle and grow with concepts and understanding of software engineering as a whole.Take my advice, if you're looking for a web development bootcamp, take App Academy. It is the best.Read Less",app-academy
"Deciding to go to App Academy has been one of the best decisions I have made in my life. I was previously working in a chemistry lab and resented going to work everyday. I was always interested in coding and decided to make the jump. App Academy's deferred... Read More payment plan also gave me peace of mind and not stress financially. The course itself was challenging. There are going to be some long nights and you will struggle. But there is a reason why so many App Academy students get hired. It works. People say that everybody at App Academy really wants to see you succeed and I definitely agree. There are things that I think App Academy could improve on. Some people argue that Ruby on Rails should be phased out in favor for a different framework. I think that this is a viable argument, but at the same time I learned a lot about the MVC architecture. I feel like App Academy puts you in a position where you are able to pick up anything and learn it quickly.Read Less",app-academy
Great way to quickly get your career as a software developer started. It is an intense program and you will have to very work hard but he results are very rewarding. There is an amazing staff and teachers who are willing to take the time and make sure... Read More you learn the difficult concepts. The claim of 80+ hours a week definitely holds true. Its a great experience if you are willing to work hard for your goals.Read Less,app-academy
"Having no background as a programmer, I found aA very difficult but also very rewarding. The TA's and other students were wonderful. I never thought I could learn so much in such a short period time. I strongly recommend aA to anyone who wants to learn... Read More and is willing to put in the many hours of work required to get through the program.Read Less",app-academy
"My App Academy was a very positive one. Amongst the many pros of the program is the relationship you build with your fellow classmates, and the encouraging environment App Academy fosters. The course at times feels very overwhelming, but you have all... Read More the tools to be successful.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy was an extremely challenging and rewarding bootcamp. The instructional staff was so helpful in explaining difficult concepts. Thinking back over the past three months I am blown away by how much I have learned. I came to App Academy knowing... Read More very little programming and now am a knowledgeable software engineer. I highly recommend App Academy for anyone who is looking to transition their career into software development because there is really no better place to do it!Read Less,app-academy
"I've recently completed the core curriculum portion of App Academy and I can honestly say I've loved my time here. I recently graduated with a BS in Computer Science from UCR but I quickly learned I lacked the technical skills to join the workforce. I... Read More found out about the top rated coding bootcamp in the US and applied to a/A. The application process and class in general is rigorous. But by being strict and demanding, a/A is able to produce high quality engineers and ensure a short job search. I believe the things I've learned at a/A in 9 weeks are more valuable than what I learned over four years at university. As long as you but in the effort, you can be successful here at a/A!Read Less",app-academy
Aa's immersive full-stack curriculum was definitely one of the hardest challenges I have yet encountered but at the same time it has been one of the most rewarding. From knowing little next on nothing on how to code to building full-stack web applications... Read More deployed live to the internet. It is a very fast paced course with a lot of first time challenges but if you put in the work and the time you will get out of it what you put in. You have assessments almost every week to test your knowledge and ability to quickly learn and keep up with the material. There are times when you wish you had more time to better understand the material but it is the challenge of learning fast that makes it exciting and rewarding.Read Less,app-academy
"My overall experience at App Academy was great. With that being said, the overall curriculum is extremely fast-paced. There are assessments virtually every week and they are crucial for you to pass in order to stay within the program. Because there is... Read More such a heavy emphasis on these assessments, the learning environment goes from learning as much as you can to try to pass these tests. Be prepared to spend hours studying and working on homework. Don't be afraid to ask questions. You pair program every single day. If you understand everything and your partner doesn't, slow down and explain it to them. Your partner will appreciate it a lot. If it takes you a while to understand, don't be afraid to slow your partner down and ask questions. It is your learning too. There is an overwhelming amount of staff support every step of the way, so don't be afraid to get to know them too. Your end goal is to absorb as much knowledge as you can and if you don't quite understand everything, that is okay too. Your full stack project is where you can solidify your understanding of everything. Overall, this is an amazing learning experience. You will stress a lot, study a lot and learn a lot, but by the end of it, you'll be extremely proud of how far you've come.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been extremely challenging but all the while rewarding. It is definitely what you make of it. If you put in the time and the effort, you will come out proud as can be thinking - ""Oh wow, I really learned all of this in just a few months""... Read More and ""Did I really just create a website from scratch in a couple weeks?"" I really enjoyed my time at App Academy and am so glad I took the course. Here are my pros and cons of the Full Stack Intensive:Pros:- Great group of TA's who put in extra time to help students, even on weekends. These TA's go above and beyond to help the students. They were once students themselves and know what each student is going through. They really want each student to succeed and will make sure to get them the help they need.- Friendly and safe environment as well as inclusive- Admissions process really brings in people who are very well-rounded and have absolute determination to succeed (and to get in job in the end) - I was surrounded by people who I thought was much smarter than me and hardworking which caused me to push myself to improve everyday- Curriculum includes a ton of hands on learning - projects everyday to make you apply new concepts directly to code- Ton of pair programming - a lot of opportunities to collaborate with other programmers and learn other techniques/methodsCons:- Some material/projects(not too many) of the curriculum were not very clear - the instructions were difficult to understand which obstructed my ability to get far in those projects during those days- Ton of pair programming - as mentioned above, it's a great aspect, but sometimes it becomes too much - dense material can be difficult to understand in a few days and I personally found it beneficial when we had some solo programming days to really struggle through the day's projects on our ownOverall, this was a great experience for me and I definitely recommend this course!Read Less",app-academy
"Amazing organization. One of the most life changing organizations I have decided to be a part of. They provide the pace, structure, and push that I would've probably never had trying to learn their programming curriculum on my own. That being said, they... Read More are not a perfect organization and many things about their curriculum such as the relevance of certain tech stacks we work with or the deep theoretical underpinnings of some of the languages and APIs they use are not for me. I still believe they provide me with a great value for my money.Read Less",app-academy
"I was a self-taught programmer, sort of flailing in my IT/tech support career. App Academy turned me into a software developer and was absolutely instrumental in getting me my first job in the industry.The curriculum is tough. It really is like a bootcamp.... Read More You'll be stressed to the max for 12 weeks, but if you make it through you will be transformed into a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"Despite the daunting pace and size of the curriculum, it was actually fun to get through the course. Learning something new every day was exciting and never felt tiring. I was surprised to see how much I had absorbed and remembered when actually implementing... Read More all that we had learned in the previous few months. The assessments were probably the most stressful parts of the course, but were ultimately necessary. This is a bootcamp definitely worth attending.Read Less",app-academy
"As an App Academy grad I have to say this has been one of the toughest stretches of my life. It is extremely fast paced, the material is tough and those who are truly committed, time and effort wise, will be able to able to complete the course. It's not... Read More so much of them teaching you, but App Academy showing you the path to learning and you walking it. You will only get out of the course as much time and effort that you put in.Read Less",app-academy
The guided curriculum is challenging but is worth it if you study. One of the hardest things I had to do was preparing to have no life while learning a ton of information. It all ends up being worth it and rewarding. Trust me. You will not leave here... Read More incapable.Read Less,app-academy
This program was very challenging and equally rewarding. Very unique mix of backgrounds and diverse culture.,app-academy
"After being part of the NYC September 2018 cohort, I have learned a lot about web development. App Academy's curriculum is structured to train you to be a full-stack developer, which means it includes how to code in the back end and in the front end.... Read More The coding curriculum basically builds you up to be able to make your very own full-stack project that you will want to have in your resume. If you are looking to work in the tech industry but do not have time to finish a 4-year CS or IT degree, App Academy is definitely a route worth looking into.Read Less",app-academy
"I had a great experience at App Academy, however I'm just starting the job curriculum so I cannot speak to the job guarantee or the quality of the last portion of the curriculum. The course material is structured in a way that helps the students focus... Read More on learning instead of trying to discover what is worth learning. This is the main advantage of the bootcamp opposed to trying to learn the material on your own. The curriculum is good in this sense, but don't expect to learn everything or even cover everything that a junior developer should know. The curriculum is intensive, but introductory. Think of the curriculum as a spring-board for learning more on your own outside of working hours and after the conclusion of the program. The TAs / instructors are also what make the program worth it. They are invested in helping you and making sure that you understand the material. That being said, you must study, or you will fall behind and get kicked out. This means putting in a lot of hours and letting the curriculum consume you. Even then, you must study hard &amp; study smart. Long hours of work doesn't guarantee mastery, so learn how to study before you show up.The people you work with will be awesome. Your peers are usually quite driven and all on the same career path as you. This being said, you will have to learn how to work with different people with different personalities. Be the kind of person you would want to work with. Since the foundation of the first 7 weeks is pair-programming, this program is not for people that cannot interact well with others. The classroom environment is not the greatest. You sit on a crowded floor at long tables (full of mac minis) coding all day with a partner. The chairs are terrible and you will start to feel it if you don't get up often. The lecture hall consists of 50+ folding chairs that also feel terrible (especially after 3 hours of lecture). Don't fall for the nice looking banner pictures on the website that portray these hipsters drinking coffee in lounging couches while coding. That's not what this program is, that is just clever marketing. I highly suggest, that anyone interested in attending A/A come visit the work sites. It is not a deal breaker, but you should have an accurate view of the place you will be spending the next 3 months. Lastly, if your finances permit, don't take the deferred payment option. Be motivated, do well, and pay upfront. The huge caveat is that you need to do well and not get kicked out. If you have more questions about this, then just do the math between the two plans, and ask questions. Don't just blindly sign an agreement until you understand everything.Overall, I have been enjoying the program, however, I don't think that this program is for everyone. Make sure you do your hw before committing.Read Less",app-academy
"After having gone through the NYC September 2018, I can say that I have really learned a lot. There's a lot of material that has been taught and almost every lesson has been applied in regards to our full-stack project. Not only do they teach you the... Read More skills that you need to know and use throughout your career, but they also teach you things that are worth knowing and worth talking about during job interviews. If you are looking to work in the tech industry but don't have the time to get a CS or IT degree, App Academy is a route that you could definitely take.Read Less",app-academy
It it is a very intense 9 weeks of testing but if you study hard and stay focused it can truly be the most rewarding academic experience of your life.,app-academy
"Let me start by saying that my experience at App Academy was overall positive. I think the curriculum and the pace at which it's taught is fantastic. If I could go back and make the decision whether to go or not knowing what I know now, I would still... Read More choose to go. You need to be willing to spend the time though; you should not have a terribly active social life or spend much time goofing off outside of class. The main goal of the bootcamp is to teach you what you need to know to get a job in the shortest time possible, and you need to be serious about that if you are signing up.That being said, there are a few areas where I was highly disappointed. First, they say that they care about your ergonomic health, but this is not true in the slightest. They have no options for better keyboards or mice, no monitors at eye level, horrible chairs. This may get better in the future based on some of the conversations I had, but I wouldn't count on it. Cohorts are in and out of there in 9 weeks so there is little incentive to actually make the working conditions better. The other area of disappointment was the availability of the instructors. There is this ""question button"" you can hit to have an instructor come over to you, but I waited upwards of 45 minutes in some situations.On the other side of that though, you do need to be self-sufficient and be able to find the answer on your own sometimes. You'll need to do that in real life anyways.So, besides some major drawbacks, I think App Academy is worth it if you know what you're getting into.Read Less",app-academy
"I think about how different it would have been if I didn't choose to study with a bootcamp and tried learning on my own. I wouldn't have been able to complete as much as I did in such a short time. The information is difficult to grasp quickly, but setting... Read More your only focus for the bootcamp is important to learning the material quickly. I also wouldn't have learned as much if I had tried to learn the material on my own. On my own I would try to learn what I need to learn to make my website operational, which would have left a lot more holes in the knowledge of programing that I have now. Lastly, the price seems very steep, but I find it to be worth it in terms of the value comparison of a college education. I graduated with a structural civil engineering degree but I find this fullstack course to be more challenging, more valuable, more productive time spent for a higher education and the overall cost was cheaper than unreduced cost of my degreeRead Less",app-academy
"I actually got a job after completing App Academy's in-person full-time curriculum in NYC. I wanted to wait until I actually got an offer, so here it is.If you're looking at this review, you're probably looking to make a career-change or gain an edge... Read More in landing that first software development role after graduating University (or High School?). For me, it was absolutely worth it.1. This is one of the only coding bootcamps which hold you to a certain learning-pace with weekly assessments for the first 8-ish weeks. If you fall behind and fail two of them, you're out of the program, and trust me this will take a lot of work to pass. It ensures that you actually learned the material and can do the basics, but the pace of this program isn't for everyone. You will wake up in the morning, get to the office, code all day, go home, work on HW assignments, code some more, sleep, then repeat for 3 months. You will literally live/eat/breathe code for the duration and you'll learn so much, but this brings up my second point.2. You will have no life during the program. When people say this in the reviews, they're not being excessive. I almost had a panic attack on the night before my first assessment (Sunday) because I was struggling with some concepts. You will learn a new concept and then be expected to pass an assessment on it the following week, while already learning new material. Tell your friends/girlfriend/family/dog that you'll pay attention to them after 3 months. (For reference, my cohort had like 20% of the cohort drop out... This isn't a joke)3. You will meet some of the most brilliant people you've ever met in your cohort. We've had Ivy-League grads, WallStreet guys, Entrepreneurs, Musicians, Basement gamers who want to finally get a job, etc... They were from all different backgrounds, but almost every single one of them were brilliant in their own way. I actually felt dumb for the first time in my life. Being surrounded by these people and pair-programming with each of them every single day will help you learn and see code in a different way. You'll also learn how to deal with not-so-favorable people, which will help you during your actual job (stubborn/argumentative people, keyboard hogs, etc), but these interactions are rare.4. The Job-Search support is actually one of the best parts of this curriculum. Technical and Non-Technical interviewing is a skill just like programming, and you'll gain a ton of practice white boarding and talking about yourself/background. My career coach was the best hype-man I could've ever asked for, and I think he actually helped me ultimately land my first role.If you put in the work, and you pass all the assessments, you'll land a job. A vast majority of my cohort all landed jobs within the first 6-months after program completion.The most important part is putting in the work after you actually finish the program (Job-Search is honestly the hardest part because there's minimal hand holding and you're actually competing for roles against other people who often have CS degrees). There's no time for an extended break after completing the program. Start working on more features on your fullstack project, start learning data structures / algorithms more in depth, white board at least once a week, etc... It will take a lot of work. The best part is that you have access to the office at all times, so you can go in to work while you look for a job even after you complete the program.For me, this program changed my life and I'm thankful I went through it.Lastly, I want to share one tip: Before you start the program, you absolutely should complete a beginner's web-development ""course"" on freecodecamp or Udemy. It goes a LONG way, trust me.Read Less",app-academy
"Before this program, I took App Academy's bootcamp prep. I had no previous knowledge of computer science and wanted to learn how to make applications. App Academy for me personally did require almost 100 hours each week. I would not recommend to someone,... Read More who isn't willing to put in the work. However, if you do, you will be able to create amazing apps and be proud of your creations.Pros: Love how much App Academy pushes you, the TAs / staff are fantastic and accommodating. When you reach the job search curriculum, they help you with the nontechnical portion.Cons: Before you start, there is an alpha curriculum. Without previous experience, the alpha curriculum was difficult to do. I ended up using their office hours on a daily basis to get the help I needed to complete that sectionRead Less",app-academy
"Originally I thought App Academy was going to be a medium intensity coding bootcamp where at the end of the day I'd still have enough time to have personal time. I was wrong, oh so very wrong. Even after the day ended at 6pm, in order to keep up and retain... Read More the day's materials, I had to study until 11pm every day. Weekends are no exceptions because of the incredibly face-paced nature of this program. However, despite not having a life and the stresses attached to this program, I regret nothing. I have learned so much in such a short period of time it's actually amazing. I went from knowing nothing about code to building a websites and programs. If I had the option of joining this program again, I'd do it again.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an intense program. The learning environment is rigorous. The culture changes from cohort to cohort, but in my experience, people have been eager to collaborate, learn, and help each other succeed. Felt like I was back in college (a faster... Read More paced and more intense version)Everyday, you spend time pair programming, which means that you are coding with a partner. One person explains the code, the other person types, and you switch off every 15 minutes. As a verbal processor, I found this very helpful in my understanding of different concepts.I would estimate that in addition to the 9-6 5 days/ week that you are at App Academy, you have about 2 hours/ night of homework. That nets out to about 60 hours/ week for the first 2/3rd and this ramps up significantly when the portfolio projects start.The projects are pretty brutal and require a lot of work.I would recommend this program if you are serious about becoming a software developer. A good litmus test is to try out App Academy's Bootcamp Prep course or some free/ inexpensive resources on CodeAcademy, Udemy, etc. App Academy's entire curriculum is also available for free online.Timeline: It took me about 2 months to go from 0 coding knowledge to being ready to take App Academy's technical interview. After that, there was a mandatory prep course that was fully online for 1 month. The actual program is 13 weeks. I'm currently job searching, and the average time it takes someone to find a job after graduation is between 3-6 months.The three questions I would ask myself before doing App Academy are:Am I serious about wanting to learn coding/ would I actually enjoy working in this field?Do I have what it takes to learn and master the material?Am I financially able and willing to devote the above mentioned timeline to learning to code and developing projects without pay full time?I know this was long, hope it was helpful!!Read Less",app-academy
"a/A is a 12-week intensive program that takes you through the depths and highs of becoming a software developer. The depths of feeling like you don't know anything at all, and the highs of finally putting the pieces together and seeing the puzzle in its... Read More entirety. You will be challenged, you will be tested, but with hardwork and determination, you will succeed. This program is by far one of the hardest thing I've ever done in my life, coming from completely non-coding background to being able to put together a functional application in a span of 12 weeks is pretty amazing. The program is structured to help you succeed, with the help of knowledgeable and helpful teachers/TAs. Ultimately, it will take hardwork and long hours to succeed in this program.Read Less",app-academy
"When I first heard of App Academy I was skeptical that a program could bring you up to speed with the latest technologies and practices in just a couple of months. A couple of months later, and that is exactly what happened. I'm a full stack developer... Read More that has been given the tools necessary to thrive and excel in a competitive market. The program is exactly how it is described: intense, 100 hour work weeks and non-stop coding. I would do it all over again in a heart-beat.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy have not only taught me to be a better programmer, but also how to learn efficiently as a developer. I cannot believe the amount of information I was able to learn in the the span of 12 weeks. The curriculum is designed to not only allow students... Read More to just learn during the program, but also to continue to learn and improve afterwards. I spent anywhere between 10 to 15 hours a day studying and perfecting my understanding of the material. Overall, the fast-paced learning environment was a perfect opportunity for me to quickly obtain the skills for full stack development. Ultimately, nothing can replace hard work and App Academy will provide you the space to push yourself above and beyond the limits.Read Less",app-academy
I am so thrilled to have gotten accepted to App Academy. This school was truly a rewarding experience. I learned how to build a website using Ruby on Rails and Mern Stack within only a short span of time! Incredible!,app-academy
"Great bootcamp. Although super intensive, I can definitely say I learned a lot. What's great about the program is not only the instruction, but the daily pair programming. Being able to pair with fellow students and work through difficult daily assignments... Read More allows one to find different learning styles and implementation processes. On top of all the daily assignments and assessments, what is very rewarding is going through the numerous projects, (both solo and group), reinforcing my understanding of the materials, as well as shedding light on what I need to work on moving forward.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is the hardest I have ever worked. There is a lot of self teaching, but one of the greatest aspects are your cohort-mates. You will grow close to these people as you pair-program, debug, and learn together. The environment is friendly, non-judgmental,... Read More and having the resource of the other students is extremely valuable to learning. I will not sugar-coat it: you will constantly be working. You will be working on the weekends. You will be coding more than anything else. That's not an exaggeration. Average hours of sleep of night depends on the person. Some people do get 7 hours of sleep, I'd say average is 5-6 hours. But you will learn a lot in a very short amount of time.I'm currently in the job search curriculum, which has been recently revamped - so I don't have a complete impression of it yet. As for the curriculum portion, it is clearly structured and the TAs are friendly and helpful.Read Less",app-academy
"I went through the May 21st 2018 cohort of a/A. It was one of the most intimidating, challenging, and rewarding experiences of my life. I will separate the pros and cons out and then give additional thoughts.Pros:- I made some amazing friends that I will... Read More try to stay in contact with, we bonded deeply through the trials that we went through. This was one of the best benefits of the program- I am now employed as a software engineer and I am making double what I was earning before, living where I want to live, working for a cause I care about- I feel like I have a skill that makes me marketable and valuable, that gives me a greater sense of independence from the employer I will work for- I gained confidence in my ability to learn a complex skill fast- I can type 75 wpm, despite starting the cohort at 35ish - My interview skills were far better than I expected after the program, I think the pressure of the assessments makes technical interview pressure pale in comparison- I built a full-stack web app, mostly on my own that looked awesome on my portfolio- I was able to get a job after only two months of applying after the cohort ended- Lot's of people in my cohort got jobs at a/A after which helped them- Strong emphasis on CSS which is boring at first but ends up being very importantCons: - Serious lack of CS teaching- I was horrified and unsure of whether or not I would make it through the program until I passed assessment 5- I had to live in a place I hate to attend the program- The assessments are scary and sometimes are significantly harder than the practice assessments, so you don't know what to expect- Most TA's solidly taught and understood the material for our cohort, but often times the TA's are teaching you the just after completing a cohort, so they don't have mastery over it. I wish they had more experienced TA's with CS backgrounds who deeply understood the material- Some people were far worse than others in the cohort an they sucked up lots of the instruction time, I felt TA's could have done a better job of prioritizing assistance- They teach Ruby (which is a dying language) and JS, when they really should be teaching Python and JS- Career coaches can come off as job application enforcers, and mine didn't help me get my foot in any door, he just tried to give me advice which was occasionally helpful- 5/10k is a lot of money to lose if you fail the cohort, that's takes a real mental toll to try to study when you have that much money on the line- Working 90-100 hours a week for 2.5 months was emotionally draining and I usually could only take 2 hours or so off per weekAdditional Thoughts:After searching for jobs for 2 months, I realized that Python would have been far better to learn than Ruby. Everyone uses it basically. Other bootcamps probably teach Python and JS and that might make the job search easier. I like Ruby, but I find it hard to recommend the program because of the decision to teach Ruby and not Python. The cost is fairly high, and so it is hard to enroll in a/A without some money in the bank. It ends up being a sort of accelerator for already privileged people, which is not what they necessarily advertise. This is just how it is unfortunately. Also the advertisements are inaccurate because most people don't get jobs at Google unless they were TA's at a/A for some time. Another thing is that a/A is somewhat of a revolving door, I am noticing that the best instructors leave almost as soon as they become fully capable instructors. This might lead to lower quality instruction. a/A doesn't have good organization as a company and people working for them complain about things like not getting paid and constant misunderstandings. I would never go through something like this again, but I can't deny that it worked for me and most of my cohort. About 50% of us landed jobs, and fast. However, a few of the other 50% of students were able to get through but some of them mysteriously seem like they still don't understand coding, and were able to get through by just memorizing practice assessments. I think this set of people is might struggle for a long time and maybe give up. The weeding out is not as intense as it should be. a/A was scary and intense but it imposes immense focus on you that allows you to surpass your previous ignorance and gain serious skills that make you employable, and eventually well paid. I turned my whole life around in just 9 months (I studied a lot before the program). I have a love hate relationship with it but more love than hate overall. My life has become drastically better and I feel empowered now in a way I never felt before.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy it is by far the best place to learn programming. It is hard, but it is not impossible. It will push you. You will be breathing code 24/7. If you decide to join a/A, be ready to not do anything but code for the next couple of months",app-academy
I would say that this is a very fast paced program and there is no time for you to take a break once the program starts.Once you fall behind its tough to catch up.There are Assessments every week to test your knowledge on what you have learnt last week.... Read MoreThey are very important and have a say on your standing in this program.I would say that come to this program prepared to put in all your time and effort into it for the next 3 months of your life.Its all worth it and you will learn a lot of stuff in 3 months.Read Less,app-academy
"With graduation near, I can't wait for this program to be over, but I am confident that it has prepared me well to land a job as a software developer.The good: App Academy is a high quality coding bootcamp, and if you make it through, you will be well... Read More prepared for a career in software development. The curriculum is clear and thorough. The program is continuously updated to reflect changes in the industry. The students and staff are passionate about learning and coding. The staff are very helpful, and due to the tuition agreement, they are very invested in the students' success. The bad: App Academy advertises that there is no coding background or experience required for their 12 week bootcamp. This technically is not wrong, but I would never recommend this program to someone with no coding experience. If I were to do this over, I would spend several months teaching myself to code and would take some free online classes before starting App Academy. The stress and lack of sleep I'm experiencing during this program are affecting my physical and mental health, and it would be much more bearable if I had known a lot more coming in.Read Less",app-academy
aA is a really challenging bootcamp and it will push you to the max. The resources are very helpful and theres a reason why theyre among the best. Its not for the faint hearted and you can get dismissed if you fail two assessments so study what they teach... Read More ahead of time. The structure is very well organized and I reccomend this bootcamp for people who is serious in finding a tech job.Read Less,app-academy
"Be prepared for a ton of work and late nights, but if you make it through this grueling program you will come out the other side a Software developer.",app-academy
"Overall, I’m very satisfied with the experience I had going through App Academy. The strong reputation that App Academy has in the industry is well-deserved - the quality of education is excellent, and the instructors do a great job of presenting the... Read More material in a clear and concise manner. The curriculum designers are also constantly aware of current technology trends, and are unafraid of completely revamping their instructional materials to ensure that what they teach is relevant in industry.However, while the program claims that no prior programming experience is necessary to get in, I found that the vast majority of people who completed the program and excelled in my cohort had some kind of technical background, ranging from CS/STEM majors, to some basic web design experience. This is not to say that those who came in with no experience did not finish the program, but rather that they had to be a lot more self-sufficient and proactive about learning the material in order to keep up.The program is rigorous, but it forces you to push yourself to higher levels of productivity than you ever thought possible, and getting to work in an environment surrounded by people who are self-motivated and all working toward a similar goal is incredibly satisfying.Read Less",app-academy
In this program they teach you a lot of material in a short amount of time. It can feel a bit overwhelming at times but by the end of it you'll be amazed at how much you've learned.,app-academy
"Pros: I feel like the material from start to finish was very comprehensive and stacked well with the next topic we were learning. Cons: It can definitely be stressful, but at the end of the day, it was very rewarding.",app-academy
Pros: I was forced to learn quickly.Cons: It was stressful.,app-academy
"I am now in the job search after App Academy's curriculum. The claim is that you'll work 80+ hours a week. This is 100% accurate. Everyone here is brilliant, and everyone works their absolute butt off. I have a background in elite international sports,... Read More and this is by far the hardest I've ever worked for an extended period of time.You will learn a HUGE amount of web development in a hilariously short amount of time, and by the end of it, you'll be building a clone of a full scale web app in 10 days. I did spotify, and it is a project I am tremendously proud of, and had a great time doing it.That said, it is hard. App Academy will challenge every part of you. It straings you mentally, emotionally, and physically, and puts a tremendous strain on any relationships you have during the program. Talk with your significant other about it before attending, because you will barely see them during the 12 week program, and when you do, your mind will be on code.Its tough. I'm happy I did it, but there are few words to describe how challenging of a program it is. If you fail 2 tests you get kicked out. My cohort started at 72 people, and ended as 55 people, so over 20% of people failed out. These people were good, smart, hard working people who just couldn't quite do it. Its. Tough.Read Less",app-academy
"At a/A, there has been many challenges. You go through test assessments, 3 hours of homework, full stack projects...etc. For me, if you told me I'd be able to pass all this 3 months ago, I would have felt this was way over my head. In the last 10 weeks,... Read More I've learned about myself. I've learned to learn. There has been a great amount of help from TAs and classmates. I've learned to take all their styles and watch how they work and just pick a part of it. One clear example was while working on my CSS for my project, I was going back and forth between my text editor and browser to see changes I've made. After having a TA to come help solve a bug, I got to see how they handled CSS and found a more efficient way to work by making changes in the browser that has a immediate change. That is just one of many example of how I've learn to work through the techniques of others. There is a lot of content to learn, but with the well structured curriculum that a/A gives us, you're more than prepared to be successful. I'm seeing that light where I can now call myself a software developer.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been an intense ride. There were many highs and lows throughput the process but I do feel like I've learned so much in such a short span. a/A teaches you how to learn quick. Although recently they have published the course online, the... Read More support system here is the real value. The instructors/TAs here are super supportive and patient. The pair programming experience was both amazing and dreadful pending on the people. Everyone who was enrolled definitely have the potential but quite a few folks have been dismissed from the assessments...but doesn't mean they won't become a developer one day. This program definitely isn't for everyone because it's both fast pace and stressful. My real grip with the program is that I wish they did deep dive a bit more on topics but at the same time, you can only fit so much in a 12/13 week program.  My biggest advice for anyone who's aspiring to take this journey:- make sure you understand the concepts well. Don't just be ""oh I get it"". You should be able to explain it to anyone. The material does build on top each week and some topics will be reintroduced a week or two later.-get some sleep. to be honest, the homework does HELP you but don't lose sleep over it. they do go over the topic/concepts the next morning but I would advise not completely ditching itRead Less",app-academy
"App Academy's learning model really worked for me. It is by no means easy- it's incredibly long hours, and lot's of asking questions, but if you do those two things, you have the tools you need to succeed. The days generally are like this: you start with... Read More either a 30 minute CSS exercise, or you immediately go in the lecture hall for a lecture that is usually from 1.5 to 3 hours. Then, either before or after lunch, start your pair programming projects, where you are matched with a new person every day to work on a project that covers from the basics to very complex problems about the topic you just learned in lecture. Every day there are 3 things expected of you that will prepare you for the project that day- 1) you watch the lecture videos/do the readings on the topic they will be teaching the next day, 2) you do the homework to the best of your ability, to familiarize yourself with the topic, and 3) if you have any time left, you review the previous day's project to expose yourself to any topics you may not have gotten to in class. You are exposed to the topics you learn 3-4 times, like the readings, homework, lecture, and daily projects, and so although the pace is fast, you pick up on them soon just by repeated exposure. There are also so many opportunities to ask questions, and the TAs are so helpful and dedicated and will spend huge amounts of time making sure you really solidly understand a topic. My advice is to ask as many questions as you can until you can fully explain the topic to somebody else, and to accept that for 3 months this will be your life. In the end, you really are equipped with the skills to be a great web developer.Read Less",app-academy
"This program is worth every penny. I have learned an incredible amount in a short time. I would put a/A over any CS college curriculum I've taken. It VERY time consuming and intensive. If you don't take tests well, I would not recommend taking this course.... Read More You'll be here for three weeks, then your gone. The tests are hard and the passing score is usually around 80%. If you fail two, you are dismissed. But if you are capable of learning quick and testing well, this is the course to take. The TAs and staff are very helpful and knowledgable.Read Less",app-academy
"It was the best of times, and it was the worst of times. I won't lie to you , there is about a 30% dropout rate. I will tell you that I saw smart people drop out just because of the sheer volume of things we learn in 8 weeks. Most drop out around week... Read More 4 when we hit Ruby on Rails. The passing rate for assessments is set at 85% of specifications, (App Academy grades using Rspec).Solid pro-tip if you're interested in getting ahead , learn Rails before App Academy. It's the center stone of the curriculum and what you're going to be using to build out your full stack application during week 8. Rails is an awful lot to digest in 10 days during the course. I really commend my cohort members who managed to swallow Rails, pass A4 with flying colors, and build an amazing full stack application. However if you know that you don't pick up complex topics on the fly, I recommend this 5 star course on udemy to get ahead: udemy.com/professional-r… Good luck my friend.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is hard and grueling. They expect you to work 90+ hours a week from day 1 and the pace only increases as the bootcamp continues. As someone who took easily to the curriculum and did not have to work as hard as most of my fellow students, I... Read More still felt more exhausted and sleep deprived than I ever have before. However the experience was incredibly fun - and being surrounded by so many hard working people who are all working towards a mutual goal is a blast.I feel well-versed in so many technologies and I learned 20 times more doing the program than I did trying to learn on my own for 3 months. I also met several people who I think will be lifelong friends. My only gripe is that many of the homeworks were completely worthless, and many days feel like they are spent working on irrelevant technologies and projects.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy Shows you the right direction to go, materials to study, and ways to work with people that are necessary to succeed in the tech industry. Be ready to work 100 hrs a week. If you are a slow learner or don't have a technical background, spend... Read More an extra 6months to a year of studying four hours a day to prep yourself for App Academy. If you succeed in every step necessary to get through AppAcademy, you will find a good job.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is incredibly difficult and fast paced, but you learn an impressive amount in such a short time. The program really trains you to be a fullstack software engineer - by the end of the course you will build fully functional applications. I am... Read More also able to have full on conversations about the different technologies and languages that we've learned and used, whereas before beginning app academy I hadn't even heard of them. The TAs and other students were always happy to help out, and career coaches are here for assistance as well. If you are trying to get into software development but don't have the traditional background, I'd highly recommend the course.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is hard. It is grueling, relentless, and crazily paced. But at the end of it all, if you follow their formula, you come away with the skills they promised you will have. You definitely have to put in the work to succeed, and a/A really hammers... Read More that home with their assessments and crazy amounts of homework and projects. You really have to want it, and if you do, then App Academy will help you get there. All in all, I feel like I got what I wanted from a/A.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been a great experience. The past three months have been extremely stressful and rigorous but I can definitely say that I now possess a robust understanding of coding fundamentals. The one thing that I really appreciated about App Academy... Read More has been the community. From your TAs to your cohort-mates, everyone is extremely supportive and open to helping  out in any capacity.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a rigorous three month program full of hard work and supportive people. The course is very fast paced while remaining digestible. From learning fundamentals of coding in the first week to building a fully functioning single page web app... Read More by the end of the ninth week, it was a very rewarding experience.Read Less",app-academy
"I learned a lot from the 13 week coding program with little experience in coding. The program is very intense and time consuming. I spent over a month on the alpha course, which is the online study curriculum you're required to finish after you got in... Read More the program and i'm glad i spent at least a month cos otherwise there's a good chance you wont be able to keep up.I'm now in the job market, 2 weeks after graduation. They have a job search system that prepares you find a job between 3-6 months on average. With the deferred the tuition program, the risk is pretty low if you can get through the program without failing out.Read Less",app-academy
"I would definitely recommend App Academy to anyone looking to switch career paths into full stack development. The structured curriculum and pair programming definitely helped me get through the 85-90 hour weeks. It definitely takes self-drive to get... Read More through the program but I can assure you will come out with a great knowledge of Ruby on Rails, React, Redux and computer science fundamentals. The instructors are always there to help, and so are your cohort-mates!Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy for those crazy 3 months in the summer of 2018 was both one of the hardest things I've ever done, mostly from a mental perspective, but also one of the most rewarding. App Academy is definitely not for everyone; it has a rigorous... Read More schedule and they won't take it easy on you. But if you work hard in those 3 months and don't take your foot off the gas, you will come out on the other side a web-developer.Read Less",app-academy
"In a short period of 3 months, I've learnt a great deal of theoretical and practical knowledge. The instructions for the daily projects are very detailed and of high quality. Help is always there when you need it. The curriculum covers diverse aspects... Read More of software development and is always taught with a practical focus. By the end of week 6, students will be able to create fullstack applications from scratch.The curriculum at App Academy isn't designed to be forgiving. But this is understandable since there is so much to go through in such a short period of time.Great course overall.Read Less",app-academy
"Signing up for a bootcamp is inevitably going to come with questions and hesitation, but as a person who has experienced the difference before and after the a/A full-stack course, I can safely say that it is a worthy investment if you are ready to put... Read More in the work. The amount that I learned in these past few months easily surpass the my expectations in both value and workplace usability.Highly recommended to anyone who is willing to put in the hours necessary to learn the material. Especially recommended to those unsure if programming is for them because this course is definitely one that shows that coding is for everyone.Read Less",app-academy
"The weeks are rigorous and make you stretch out of your comfort zone, but by the end of the course, you will have some very impressive portfolio pieces to show off to recruiters. It's also amazing how some hard work and dedication can teach you so much... Read More in such a short amount of time. I'd recommend this course to anyone who wants to be a full stack web developer.Read Less",app-academy
"Before App Academy, all I knew was that I wanted to be involved in coding and wanted to learn as fast as possible. The problem was where could I go that wouldn't involve student loans and 4 more years of school, but still be competitive and respected... Read More when it came time to apply to jobs. My friend told me about his experience at App Academy and at first I was intimidated by their numbers, but after more research I realized it was definitely the right choice. The application process was smooth and they provided me with all the tools I needed to succeed and get accepted into the program, from jump start to the alpha course. Once the program started it was a ton of learning, but now that it's over every moment of it was worth it. If you put in the work, it will pay off and you will be surprised by your own skills.Read Less",app-academy
"I heard about App Academy through a friend who said that the program had absolutely changed her life. At first this sounded like hyperbole, but after a few long chats with her, I found that she truly credited the program with turning her life around and... Read More now that I'm also an App Academy graduate, I can see why. App Academy takes students from all walks of life and has constructed a thorough curriculum that provides all the tools that are needed to launch a career as a developer. I would recommend it to anyone who's up to the challenge. It was well worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"I really enjoy the time that I have spent on App Academy. I have learned a lot of coding skills in two months which did change my life. The learning atmosphere here is really professional, and the intensive schedule 'forced' me to regulate myself. These... Read More two months are definitely the most productive months of my life, and I really appreciate all TA's help.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has changed my life. It was one of the best and most rigorous experiences that I've had. Before coming to App Academy, I was a complete amateur. After 3 months I now have the knowledge to go out and build a website. I would definitely recommend... Read More App Academy to anyone who is interested in joining a coding bootcamp. The environment is intense but it will only push you and make you work harder. The instructors are all great and want to help you. Be prepared to spend up to 90 hours per week as you will be thrown a lot of material at you with no time to catch up. Overall, it was an amazing experience and I am glad I chose App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"If you're reading this review, you've probably seen other people say that this is not a class to be taken lightly. They are absolutely right. It is hard. It is exhausting. It is totally worth it. I want to be clear about the time commitment. My phone... Read More now thinks I live at the office because I spent so much time there during the curriculum. I know that's intimidating to read, but I also know that there is no other way that I could have learned this much this fast. When I look back at where I was in my programming knowledge just two months ago, I'm totally amazed.The instructors at App Academy are fantastic. You will feel lost a lot during the program, but they are always there to get you on track and guide you towards understanding without spoon feeding you. If you are serious about wanting to be a developer and you are willing to put in the time and effort and stress required, App Academy is absolutely the right choiceRead Less",app-academy
"If you are interested in software development and willing to devote yourself full time to the program, App Academy will give you the skills to succeed in a developer role. Be prepared to spend upwards of 90 hours per week learning the material, and be... Read More ready to do this for 12 weeks straight - as soon as you start to come to grips with one topic, lectures begin on the next. The pace is rigorous to say the least.That said, the payoff is immeasurable and the experience unquestionably positive. I've never learned so much so short a span of time, all while surrounded by diverse peers of incredible ability. I can't recommend the program enough for those willing to devote the time necessary.Read Less",app-academy
"I was complete rookie coming into App Academy, first as a Bootcamp Prep student and now as a Full-Stack student. From day 1 I was immediately sold with the culture of the workspace and the professionalism of the instructors. I'm now in the last 3 weeks... Read More or job search portion of the Full-Stack curriculum and, I am confident that with the support of the staff and network, I'll be able to complete this transition into a career as a Software Dev.Some thoughts for prospective students:1. You'll hear time and again, that the Full-Stack course is not easy. If you're not comfortable coming in early and/or staying late, working weekends and really grinding, you will not have a good time.2. The instructors are excellent, caring, invested, patient and knowledgeable. Be proactive with using them as a resource.3. If you're transitioning into this course from a full-time job, I would strongly recommend leaving your job with at least 2 weeks to prepare before the course starts. The pre-course curriculum estimates 1 month for completion but if you're working full-time it'll take twice that long.Read Less",app-academy
"I really thought App Academy was somewhere between okay and good, but not great, curriculum wise, BUT when I was finished with week 9, I somehow knew everything to build an amazing website with multiple features. App Academy just doesnt give you the answer,... Read More they wont make it just put the knowledge on the surface. They will DRILL it in to you and make sure the knowledge is there. I loved this course and already started recommending to friends and family. Thanks App Academy!Read Less",app-academy
"Prepare to dedicate most of your life over the 12 weeks soley to App Academy. Even as someone who was pretty experienced with other languages and had work experience, the curriculum was tough. There were weeks when I spent most of my free time studying... Read More or finishing up assignment.Compared to how much I knew before starting the program, I feel much more commpetent as an engineer. I have a far better understanding of the languages and technologies. that I use on a daily basis.Even in direct comparison to what I learned in CS in college, I learned far more practicality. Most of the theoritical and fundamental concepts were still taught, my cohorts did not miss out on much that CS grads receive.The staff were always extremely helpful and answered most if not all the questions I had, technical or career focused. They were also very accomodating towards certain needs.The friends that I made in the cohort are people enjoy talking about technonolgy and new developments, in stark contrast to my experience in college. Everyone seemed highly motivated to learn and succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"When I was searching through all of these reviews myself just a few months ago, I was a little scared at what everyone was saying about App Academy. And after going through the curriculum, I now understand what they were saying about the difficulty of... Read More this course and why they were saying it. BUT I also understand why App Academy still gets all these amazing reviews. Difficulty: This course is HARD. On day 1, the head instructor made a joke that we should tell our friends and family that we're going on a 12 week cruise. He was joking, but at the same time... he wasn't. My personal experience of the workload at App Academy was get to class around 7//7:30am to finish up whatever homework I didn't complete the night before, 9am-6pm class time. 6pm -8:30//9pm homework and then rinse and repeat for Mon-Fri. Generally I would take Friday night off to give myself a mental break, but Saturday and Sunday you could find myself and most of the App Academy Students in the classroom Studying for the Assessments. TLDR: This class is no joke. You cannot have a social life and succeed in this bootcamp. (At the very least don't expect to unless, you may be able to get a night out here and there if somehow you're ahead on the material)Assessments:Yes this is one of the few BootCamps that relies on Assessments. Yes they are very stressful. Yes there is a lot of practice work given to help you pass these assessments. Yes they are hard. HOWEVER, I couldn't be happier that we had these assessments. At the end of the day, you can sit through the lectures, you can do the homeworks and finish the in class assignments, but practicing and studying for these assessments is what really drills the information into your brain. Keep in mind though, you can be removed from the program if you fail two assessments. This can make the program a lot more stressful for people who are either not good test takers or do not put the work in. These assessments are not made to trick you, but made to make sure you know the minimum amount of knowledge to continue with the program. Without that minimum knowledge, you will not succeed with the rest of the program.TLDR: Assessments are hard, but not if you keep up with the work and study on weekends. Bad test takers, bewareInstructors:The instructors are absolutely awesome. All instructors are extremely knowledgeable in the topics being taught, and clearly have extensive experience in teaching the material. They're all also extremely helpfulCulture:The Culture at a/A is extremely welcoming, and I can tell that I will remain friends with many of my cohort-mates for many years to come. We've spent many many hours in class together and even more on slack.Worth it?100%. We are just starting the job application process now, but from everyone I've talked to who is in a place to hire Software Developers, App Academy consistently trains the strongest job candidates from all the other BootCamps in NYC. No matter your background or previous experience in coding, you can succeed in this class with the right amount of work. I personally did not have any coding experience and am currently feeling super confident going into the job search process. TLDR of the entire review - If you've already made the decision to take up a bootcamp, willing to sacrifice 12 weeks of your social life, and wand the best bang for your buck, App Academy is the choice.Read Less",app-academy
"Great school that provides a comprehensive curriculum for learning web development. This three month program is packed with industry-standard skills, and delivered at a very high pace. If you are serious about becoming a web developer, this program is... Read More an excellent choice.Read Less",app-academy
"I loved my time at App Academy because it provided me with the exact experience I wanted: 3 months of immersion into web development programming. In that time, I learned the necessary tools to build a modern fullstack web application. I also learned the... Read More google ninja search skills to continue to learn on my own for the rest of my career as a web developer. If you're prepared to work your ass off, love programming, and want to become a web developer in only 3 months, I highly recommend App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"I loved my time at App Academy because it provided me with the exact experience I wanted: 3 months of immersion into web development programming. In that time, I learned the necessary tools to build a modern fullstack web application. I also learned the... Read More google ninja search skills to continue to learn on my own for the rest of my career as a web developer. If you're prepared to work your ass off, love programming, and want to become a web developer in only 3 months, I highly recommend App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"Be prepared to make this your #1 priority as this is an intense program that'll need you to do just that. Spending around 80 - 100 hours a week to learn, understand, and apply the material will be needed to be able to do well. You will jump from one thing... Read More to the next and you need to be able to keep up as it'll be harder when you fall behind. If you are ready to do just that, you are well on your way to attend an awesome program. I've previously learned coding at my university; however, this was different in the fact that everything was fast-paced and they were more practical rather than how it was in school. Well of course, this is a 12 week program, everything jumps out at you just like that. Please do not get discouraged by the fact that I said that I had a bit of coding experience, it really doesn't make a big of a difference. The majority of the people in this program haven't coded before and they've come to enjoy coding and built a passion for it. The material was intense, however, if you keep pushing, you can do it. The thing I like about this program is the community. You attend the same program with 30-40 other people, work with them, and build a connection. The networking community builds from that and who knows where that'll take you. You will be glad to have met your cohort-mates as this experience was well worth it.Putting in a lot of work to learn the material and build projects take up a lot of your time, but when it comes down to it, you made something. You learned something. You were able to do something. If you are not committed to learning code or think that this program is a waste of time, then this program isn't for you. If you'd like to delve into the world of coding and know that you might have a passion for coding, then this is definitely the program for you. I highly recommend it 100%.Read Less",app-academy
"If you're thinking about applying for this program, let me just tell you now that you're going to have to give up a lot of time to get the most out of this program. Also I want to add that people with no prior experience coding can excel in this program,... Read More so long as you put in the work. Most of my cohort-mates did not know how to code before entering this program and still did well.The program is fast-paced, so you will not have time to go back on things you may have missed and everything builds upon another so you will have to keep-up, otherwise you'll fall behind.After week 9 I am now capable of creating a full-stack application, which is crazy considering how much I knew (or should I say how much I didn't know) 9 weeks ago.You will need to put in work. In order to make the most out of this program, you will need to put in 80 - 100 hours a week studying, doing the readings, completing homework &amp; projects. But trust me, it will all be worth it in the end.At the end of the day, I can't say that this program is for everyone. You will have to want to learn to code badly enough to be successful coming out of a/A. If you're serious about it and willing to put in the time and effort then I can confidently say that App Academy is your best bet.Read Less",app-academy
"This is my honest review about app academy, this bootcamp is the most intense but also rewarding experience of my academic studies. Be prepared if you really want to succeed, I spent two month before this bootcamp just learning code, still feel overwhelmed... Read More during the program. You will need really good fundamentals and a modest talent at coding to get through the program.The coding curriculum is two month, so you have to learn very fast and be willing to work very hard. The materials provided by the curriculum is valuable and can be best used going through them thoroughly. They also structure the program in a very competitive way to weed out the weaker students who failed multiple tests, which forces you to learn and give your best shot. My overall experience there is positive, if you are a person enjoys challenges then this is for you.Read Less",app-academy
"In just 3 months, I learned a lot of theory and practical skills. The instructions for the daily projects were quite detailed and high quality. Help is always available. The curriculum covers diverse aspects of software development and is always taught... Read More with a practical focus. The curriculum at App Academy is particularly rigorous. Getting behind is quite easy to do. Many times, there isn't enough time to revise previously learnt material unfortunately.Overall though, a very important summer for my self-development.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall: if you're looking for a relatively fast track to switching career paths or accelerating your preexisting programming experience, App Academy is a great option to consider. The main caveat is the extreme time commitment required by the course.... Read More 80 hours per week of work is realistic; more if you want to excel. If you have other non-negotiable commitments such as family or volunteering responsibilities, accept that you may fall behind and have to work harder. The App Academy curriculum is excellent. Teaching competency of instructors varies – some are excellent, some are mediocre – but honestly it's probably as good as you can expect from any coding bootcamp. Instructor support overall is very good. Everything you need for a solid foundation to begin the cohort is provided throughout the application process; what's key is setting aside enough time to properly absorb the material (at least two months prior to interviewing, a month between the first and last interview, and a month between admission and cohort start time). The provided prep material is time intensive in its own right, and most who struggle to keep up didn't spend enough time preparing. Time to catch up after beginning the cohort is almost non-existent. What makes aA stand out: - Rigid structure of accountability through roll calls, assignments, and assessments. Like having a good physical trainer, you may often hate the diet and the workouts in the moment, but in the long run you'll be surprised how much you progress.  - Constant pair programming and collaborative work. Especially taxing for introverts, but enormously helpful in learning how to communicate effectively. A significant advantage over solo/remote study options, and even most university curricula. - Outstanding job search curriculum. Lots of very helpful workshops, application prep, and interview practice. Can you learn everything taught in a bootcamp on your own? Almost certainly. What you're paying for is the opportunity to learn it faster, make connections with other students/instructors, and receive solid career coaching. Most motivated individuals would still take at least two to three times longer to cover the same amount of material, if studying full time. That's worth considering in the cost-benefit analysis of money versus time.Read Less",app-academy
"I plan to be honest and critical, but full disclosure: I am receiving a hoodie for writing this review. I graduated a/A last month, and next week I'll be starting as a front-end developer.Here's what you need to know:The a/A curriculum is fantastic. It... Read More covers a lot of ground quickly, so make sure this is something you're good at/enjoy before committing. I spent 12-14 hours a day coding while in the first 9 weeks of the program. If you're not into that, don't sign up.The structure is 9 weeks of learning, followed by 3 weeks of working on projects and preparing for the job search.The ""job search"" is a 1 year commitment. They require you to apply to 40 jobs a week, and keep doing so for at least 6 months during this time. You can only accept offers over 60k, and it must be full-time.What I liked best:The curriculum is comprehensive, and really pushes you to learn this stuff inside-out.My classmates were amazing, hardworking people. Made a lot of friends while in the program.What wasn't so good:The job search is 100% on you. They have no employer network, and do absolutely nothing to connect you with employers. You will have to find companies to apply to, apply to them, go through 3-6 rounds of interviews, and negotiate your own offer. 95% of companies will immediately dismiss you because you have no experience and no CS degree. a/A's reputation does not permeate in NY, employers usually have no clue what a/A is, and aren't interested in hiring bootcamp gradsThat being said, the 5% that let you in the door will be impressed by your skills. So keep your head up and keep applying and working on projects. The offer/offers will come.My overall experience was good. But this is tough stuff, don't be a fool and sign up without thinking it through. You must have resilience, and some degree of natural talent with code to get through this process. If you have those things, it will be the most rewarding and empowering experience of your life.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:- people- learn a lot of stuff( Ruby on Rails, React/Redux, Javascript)- great TA'sCons:- no time for anything else- super fast-pacedAttending App Academy has been one of the most rewarding experiences I've had. There were many times where I felt... Read More completely lost, but the TA staff at App Academy was always super accommodating and willing to patiently teach any of us that needed the help. If you are willing to drop everything and commit 9 weeks to see if coding is for you, there isn't a program out there I'd recommend more so than App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy as a 3 month boot camp intensive is without a doubt one of the most difficult curriculums I've gone through. You will continuously learn new material and review previous material so be prepared to plan your time for this camp. The staff here... Read More is incredibly helpful with questions, kind, do try their best to accomodate. The material provided constantly updates to try and be up to date with the latest technologies to provide the edge to students competing with CS graduates. In regards to the curriculum, most of it can be self taught, albeit nowhere near as fast and instructional help and networking is a plus.Some things to note:While the TAs are a great resource for questions, it is important to know many are App Academy graduates, so some deepter questions regarding the material may not always be provided. I believe the instructional curriculum is thorough, but there is a drop in instruction during the job search curriculum.Overall, App Academy has been a constructive experience for me and I would recommend this bootcamp.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy has a curriculum that can be challenging for people with no prior experience, but it isn't impossible. The curriculum is slightly dated, but there are several people working to update it daily. To succeed in the course isn't hard if you are... Read More a diligent student, but you will get back how much you put in. There are several students have had to leave due to failing multiple tests, which is fair, and lets them know that the pace is too fast for them, or this style of learning is not appropriate for them. a/A has been nice in terms of paying back the students. Pros:- Decent curriculum that covers basic knowledge, create full stack applications, and learning the skills to learn on your own.- Community of learners with the same goal- Nice TAs.- structured learning for those who need it.- deferred payment plan.Cons:- Some projects are poorly written, and require more effort to understand than is necessary.- short time to work on projects toward the end, but you can improve on them later.Read Less",app-academy
"Being at App Academy has been one of the most intense and rewarding experiences I've ever had. At times, I was completely confused and wondered if I would make it through the program in one piece, but the TAs were always extremely helpful and willing... Read More to sit down and walk us through our mistakes and logic. Almost weekly assessments may be a constant source of stress, but are totally doable if you put in the time. If you're willing to study hard and put programming as your first priority for a few months, App Academy is your best choice.Read Less",app-academy
"Let me preface this by saying that this will probably be the hardest 13 weeks of your life. That being said, I loved every part of it. Most of your time for the first 9 weeks is spent between pair programming and attending lectures. The majority of the... Read More people enrolled are fun to work with, and the TA's are always there to assist you both in person and on Slack. The entire atmosphere is quite casual yet serious. Everyone is here to get a job and everyone is aware of that. I made it in and made it all the way through with absolutely no prior coding experience (I worked in Real Estate before this). After the first 9 week program, there is a 3-4 week job search program that focuses on algorithms as well as job search material (cover letters, resumes, negotiations, interview skills, etc). You will not have a lot of free time. People in my corhort spent about 80-100 hours a week studying and completing homework/projects. However, you learn a ton from it, and it is an incredible experience.Read Less",app-academy
"It is a scam. It is not design for beginners with no coding experienced at all. I, myself got fool by their ads. I enrolled and gave it a try for 3 days and finally decided its not what I expected to be. Then they gave me a hard time getting my money... Read More back esp the finance dept guy who just said “Unfortunately, we cannot refund you”. Then I have to forward the email I got from them (Cancellation Policy) before I made my payment $2999 that I have the right to withdraw and get pro rate pay back if I didn’t complete 60% of the class which clearly I didn’t. Good thing this admission guy helped me to talk to the finance guy about the policy. But they still rob me for 1 extra day that I sent my withdrawal letter a night before the next day class. It cost me $600 for the 3 days I was there that I didn’t learn anything at all.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an incredibly fast-paced environment where concepts are thrown at you very quickly in a sink-or-swim environment. That said, the culture inherent within the program as well as the assistance provided by the TAs and practice assessments... Read More give you the tools to succeed. I commuted from Concord for the entire cohort, my average week looked like: M-F 7:30am - Leave for school9AM - Start the day 6PM - End of Instruction8:30PM Leave school after studying/watching videos of material, study on BART as much as possible10PM Get Home, review everything, maybe have a beer11PM SleepSat - Study 10am - 3pmSun - Study 11am - 10pmI did fairly well through the course by sticking to this schedule and thoroughly enjoyed the challenge presented by the course. That is not at all to say this is easy and that if you put in the hours you're fine; you need to be productive during that time and make sure you are maximizing your time.For those interested in attending go ahead and apply. They will send you some material to help prepare you for the course, work through that and see how you feel. If you have fun and are hungry for more then continue with applying, if not leave it at that; software is not for everyone and thats ok. If you're looking for resources to practice, I recommend CodeCademy's Ruby course for a crash course on the language, then working through Project Euler, Code Wars, Code Fights, and if you're comfortable enough, LeetCode for practice problems to get you in the right mode.Read Less",app-academy
"IF YOU WANT TO GET INTO THE TOP BOOTCAMPS, WITH NO PRIOR CODING EXPERIENCE, YOU SHOULD ATTEND THE PREP COURSE*******I'm in my mid-upper 20s and I had no experience in coding at all. In fact, I don't even have a degree in any major. It was my absolute... Read More best choice I've made in recent years to attend a/A bootcamp prep program.The curriculum is very well structured with step by step video explanations available as well. They provide A TONS of practice problems which I strongly believe is the core factor in learning to code. (practice, practice, and practice)The instructors are VERY caring and helpful. They are always available to help!!!Post Course - They provide 2 Mock(practice) Tech Interviews!!!! The structure was exactly the same as the actual Tech Interview I had for a/A Full-Stack program. The instructors will also answer any questions and help even after course is over.I got accepted to a/A Full-Stack Program so I am very satisfied with the a/A prep program.If I went back in time, I would attend a/A prep program again for sure.Read Less",app-academy
"PROS:- As tiring as it was, I enjoyed pair programming because having another perspective when tackling a problem allowed me to learn better. - Instructors are always willing to help when you need it, but won't be babying you throughout the curriculum.... Read More- Curriculum is structured well and by the end of the 9-weeks, you'll be able to create a full-stack application.CONS: - There are a couple solo days, meaning you don't have a pair. I think there could be a couple more because some people like myself like to solidify what I know by trying it out myself.Read Less",app-academy
"After college I began to become interested in learning how to code. There are a lot of free online courses out there, but it was hard for me to motivate myself to learn code on my own. I did not want to take another four years of school, so I looked into... Read More a bootcamp. I looked into a few other bootcamps, but choose App Academy because one of my friends highly recommended their program.I pretty much started from zero knowledge about coding, and was able to finish the App Academy curriculum. Would I say I am now an expert at coding, no, but I now feel that I have a solid general understanding.I graduated from UC Davis with a degree in Mechanical Engineering. I would say that the two months of curriculum at App Academy was more difficult than any two months of my college career. During this program, you eat breathe a sleep code so be ready!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a great experience with lots to learn. The program is a long 12 week program, 13 for SF, and has you coding and interacting with others everyday from 9 am - 6 pm. In addition to the days work, you have readings and homework to prepare you... Read More for the next day making App Academy a full-time experience. While it does take up your entire life for many weeks, the programming experience is great and you definitely learn a lot. Being in an environment with others trying to achieve the same goal allows you to bounce ideas off one another which helps facilitate problem solving, depending on who you're working with. Pros: - Working with others was by-far, one of the best experiences. Being able to talk your code out with another coding individual helped me many times.- Rewarding coding experience- Robust coding fundamentals. The alpha curriculum preps students with the fundamentals of basic coding- Great Staff. The TA's provide a great experience and help when you're stuck- Bagel DayCons:- Will consume your life. Be prepared for a lifestyle change- At points, curriculum was unclear and leads to some frustration, but having others share the experience mitigates and the staff is ready to answer- Towards the end of the coding curriculum, there is less staff interaction or wait times will be significantly longer. However, you have students as a resourceOverall, App Academy is a tough, but very rewarding life experience. It will consume your life, but you have others with you to share the the experience.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros - App Academy goes over a good amount of material at a great pace - really providing us the tools to become full stack engineers in three months. I like the amount of practice we get with critical skills like React, which gives us an edge over certain... Read More candidates that may have more theoretical/backend focus. The staff is friendly, helpful, and knowledgable. I really enjoyed the work environment as well. We were pushed and challenged to be the best we could be, but also guided and not left without help.Cons - I wish we had more time to work on our projects, but we only have a limited amount of time to cover so many things. It can definitely feel draining at times, but that's just the nature of a bootcamp. The price tag is a bit steep, but deserving with the &gt;99% success rate. Overall no real cons - just a fast-paced curriculum that forced us to become better.In summary, I had a really positive experience at App Academy. I'd recommend anyone trying to get into coding to give it a shot, as long as they're willing to put in the effort.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been an incredible experience. Just a handful of weeks ago, I had little to no knowledge of coding but now am proficient in Rails, CSS, HTML, and multiple JavaScript frameworks. However, to succeed in this program, it is imperative that... Read More you commit yourself 100% to it. That can mean giving up a lot, but as long as you are willing and able to put in the work, App Academy will give you the resources to learn more than you would think possible. A lot of that is in part due to how they structure the course. Most days, you will be pair programming with a partner, which creates a much more collaborative environment, in which people learn to help one another through problems. I feel as though this was the best way possible for my own learning, as it teaches you both how to listen and interpret other's ideas and express your own clearly. The best advice I can give is stay on top of your work. There is no time to catch up if you fall behind because the course moves so quickly. The assessments are stressful, but as long as you keep up with the workload, they aren't impossible.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy is no joke. You will spend every single day, night and day for the next 9 weeks reading new material, watching videos, doing homework and debugging, all the while drinking endless cups of coffee. You are required to check in 3 times a day... Read More (9AM, 1:30PM, and 4:00PM) or you will get a strike. 10 strikes and you're out. Overall, you will learn Ruby, SQL, Rails, JavaScript, React, and Redux. You won't get much practice on HTML/CSS, until you get to your full stacks in week 8, where you put everything together to clone a website. For the first 7 weeks, the daily routine is basically HTML/CSS in the morning, lecture until about lunch time, then pair programming the rest of the day. The last 30 minutes are spent with your ""circle"" discussing your day. The evenings are spent on reading and watching videos on tomorrow's material and usually accompanied with basic exercises. The readings and videos will take a decent chunk of your time, so I suggest doing them ahead of time if you can. There are 6 assessments throughout the course. They tell you almost exactly what is going to be on the assessment, they give you a practice assessment, they give you a test generator to time yourself, they give you a video of a TA going through the practice assessment. Basically you shouldn't feel lost when studying up for the assessment. All the resources are there for you. When full stacks arrive on week 8, things change. No more lectures, no more circle time, and no more readings and videos. You work on your full stack all day, helping each other out when you hit bugs, giving tips to others who are doing the same or similar websites.Some constructive criticism. The lectures, especially toward the end of the curriculum, were particularly long, and most of it was very similar to our homework that we already completed the previous night. I honestly only found those lectures useful for asking questions, but I did not feel the need to spend 2-3 more hours on the same topic we already spent hours learning for homework. The instructions for the daily projects are outstanding, providing step-by-step instructions on what you need to do next and why, that is up until around the end of week 6. Often times there will be a bulleted-list of directions telling you to implement so-and-so, when before these bulleted-list of directions would each have their own paragraph, supplemented with code snippets and explanations. In the React projects especially, they would tell you to implement something, and a few lines later, they'd provide the exact code you should write. I don't think that is helpful to our understanding. Some TAs are older and more experienced, others are recent graduates of App Academy themselves. Some are clearly better at explaining, while some kind of just look at the solutions and tell you to write what the solutions did. I'm thankful they are all trying and willing to help, but I'd always hope for certain TAs over others when hitting that ""Ask a question"" button.All in all, it was a very rewarding experience. I've met and made many new friends. Knowing that everyone else in your cohort is going through the exact same thing is reassuring, that everyone else is sleep-deprived and feeling exhausted all the time, that if you ran into a bug that someone else will most likely have also ran into the same bug, that you have others who also committed the next 9 weeks to change their life. I've learned more at App Academy and produced more projects that I am proud of than I did in 4 years in college as a Computer Science major. If you are thinking about attending App Academy, I'd definitely recommend it. Be prepared to make some great friends, and also be prepared for some feels when your new friends drop out. There's always a few that can't handle the load.Read Less",app-academy
"I was a part of the NYC March cohort (Mar - Jun 2018) and purposely waited to write my review until I accepted a job after completing the program.App Academy has changed my life; within 8 months, I quit my old non-technical job, took the course, went... Read More through interviewing and accepted a job as a software engineer (have been working for 1 month now). I think very favorably of the program overall, but want to provide some quick bullets to answer questions that I know I had when considering if App Academy was right for me:1. How long does it take to get a job after finishing the program? - I feel very fortunate in that I was connected with a company with an App Academy alum at my graduation night (the final week of the program) and wrapped up my interview cycle with them in 2 weeks. This is not the norm, though. Expect your search on average to take anywhere from 4-9 months.2. What is the average starting salary? - My offer was just shy of $100k at a company in New York City. Friends of mine from App Academy who have gotten jobs in the past few weeks have all been offered slightly more than me, but I hear the average range is closer to $85-90k for App Academy graduates in the New York area.3. What are the payment plan options? - There are 3 choices: (1 - upfront) $17k all up front, (2 - hybrid) $9k up front and $14k in scheduled payments after accepting a job, and (3 - deferred) $5k upfront and $23k in payments after accepting a job. For #s 2 and 3, how you pay off the larger second amount depends on your starting salary; if you sign the alumni engagement agreement (you agree to mentor future students and show up at a/A events), your tuition will be capped at either 23% (hybrid) or 28% (deferred) of your starting salary and you'll pay the lower of that amount or the written amount that you owe. For example, if you accept a starting salary of $85k and you have chosen the hybrid plan, you'd only have to pay $10.55k back instead of the full $14k. Your payment schedule depends on your starting salary as well, but expect to pay between $1500 and $2000 monthly until you've paid back what you owe. If you don't accept a job after a year from when the program ends and you've been looking with a good faith effort, you get your money back. 4. Does App Academy force me to take the first job I get? - No. You can choose to turn down offers that don't make sense for you, but I'm pretty sure if you do that and don't accept a job by the time the year after your program ends, you're still on the hook for tuition since you technically did get a job offer.5. Will I feel prepared to join the workforce as a software engineer when the program is up?- Imposter syndrome will tell you no, and that's not totally wrong. There is still so much that I want to learn about software development where I feel like I'm currently just scratching the surface. But, I do feel qualified for my current job. App Academy did a great job of teaching me both the fundamentals and how to learn things quickly that I don't know (Google is your friend! All developers, bootcamp or not, use it daily!). There's been nothing I've encountered at my job so far that I've had no idea how to handle.6. Who are the instructors?- The instructors are former App Academy students that most times are hired while they are still students, so they know the material very well but have not yet worked as developers outside of App Academy. The curriculum is developed by lead TAs who take the job very seriously and travel to conferences/attend meetups to make sure it is up-to-date and relevant.7. Who will my classmates be?- Students seem to vary in their backgrounds. Expect a cohort in NYC to be around 40 people though, and maybe 5 of them will have a CS degree. Closer to 1/3 might have previous light coding experience (SQL, basic JavaScript) from another job. 8. What languages will I learn and are they useful in the job market?- App Academy will teach you Ruby, JavaScript, SQL, HTML and CSS as languages. More specifically, you'll learn Rails as a backend framework and React/Redux as frontend libraries to help you render web pages. Ruby is not used heavily anymore but is a great semantic starter language to help teach you how to code. React, from what I've seen, is where job demand is right now. My current team uses React.9. Is it really possible to be successful in this program with no coding background?- Yes. I had no coding background. That being said though, it takes a lot of work and determination to get up to speed. I did the JumpStart program through a/A which taught me coding basics for free after work over 4 weeks. Then once I was accepted, I meticulously when through the pre-cohort prep course (alpha course) before beginning classes. Take alpha seriously and make sure you understand it thoroughly; there's office hours for your questions.10. Cons?- It's a stressful environment where you can fail out if you don't pass 2 of the weekly exams. There are only 6 exams total so they don't last for your whole time in the program, but they are very high stress and require a strong ability to focus and mitigate any anxiety that this may induce for you. The prep resources are there to help you (there are always practice exams for you to take and TAs will occasionally have test walk-throughs to attend before the assessments) but you need to put the work in to succeed. My one complaint about App Academy is there is still room for improvement for how TA's provide emotional support to students who do not handle stress well. If that is you, you can still do this program - don't be discouraged! But you will have to go out of your way to ask for emotional support and feedback from your TAs and peers.Read Less",app-academy
"Your life will change (super cliché/corny, I know, but it’s kind of true) after finishing this program. Especially if you don't have any technical background, like myself. As for the prepwork that App Academy provides, the curriculum isn’t as well developed... Read More as it could be, and you’re going to run into a lot of frustration with realizing that the things you need to learn to do some of the exercises are covered in later chapters or that in the later chapters. I recommend going out of your way to look up your own documentation of the concepts introduced in the Alpha Course Curriculum. Chris Pine’s Intro to Ruby free online course helped me a lot in that regard, you can google it but I believe App Academy should have also linked you to that resource. The program is intense, even for people with cs degrees. People with background will definitely catch up concepts faster and some will be a review for them. But it doesn't mean its not hard for them. As a someone without tech background, came to aA everyday including weekends to study. They are not lying about 100 hours per week of studing time. for the first 9 weeks, I've never slept more than 6 hours. This is my personal case, some people can study only 70~80 hours and still do super well. This program is NOT for everyone. You really have to be passionate to learn how to program. Even if you are, this style of learning may not be for you. I personally loved it and enjoyed every moment of it. I strongly recommend to everyone, but please take everyone's warning very seriously. This is one of the hardest coding bootcamp.Read Less",app-academy
"This is the best place to go to if you need to learn a lot about coding in a short amount of time. It is definitely challenging but also rewarding when you get to full stack projects. The more I learn, the more I figure out that there is a lot I don't... Read More know about. But App Academy will teach you the fundamentals to learn other aspects of coding much quicker.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an incredibly rewarding experience — I've been attending the program in SF for 9 weeks, and just finished the first section of the course, and I can't even describe how much I've enjoyed it. We've learned Ruby, SQL, Javascript, React, Redux,... Read More Rails, and completed a full-stack clone of an existing application. There are people of all ages and backgrounds here. The youngest being 17 (by a pretty wide margin), and the oldest 40+. There are quite a few CS majors, but also people with engineering, accounting, sales, etc. backgrounds. However, the gender ratio for this cohort was pretty bad: about 1/12 are female. There are definitely people who are a lot better at coding from the start than others, which may change over the course of the program, so be prepared for that.In my opinion, these are the two most incredible parts of a/A:1. How much you learn, and how fast you learn it. The workload is intense (see below), but you'll amaze yourself with how capable you are of absorbing it! 2. The people. The TA's are very intelligent and genuinely want to help you succeed. The culture is not competitive at all. Everyone supports each other. We help one another with bugs, explain concepts to those who are struggling, get lunch together, and generally have a good time while coding. This community is actually very important, especially considering that we spend at least 45 hours together/week.When you apply and pass the interviewing process, you must complete an Alpha Course — essentially a pretty packed curriculum on the basics of Ruby and Object Oriented Programming. a/A recommends that you spend 4 weeks on this, which is definitely a good idea. However, completely it in less than that time is doable if you can fully commit all your time to doing it. I finished in less than 2 weeks, although I had some prior programming experience in Java. I also spent nearly the entirety of every day working on it. Each day during the first section of the actual course looked pretty much the same, save the material we learned that day: 9am start, lecture for around 2 hours, then pair program for the rest of the day to practice the material taught in lecture, with a break for lunch and a brief one in the afternoon. After the school day is over, we do 1-3 hours of homework. The homework consists of readings/videos and a small assignment that cover the material for the next day, which will be reviewed during the lecture. This is why a/A is definitely a full-time commitment — really try to keep up, and this is totally doable if you are sufficiently motivated and allocate your time wisely. At first, it was pretty difficult to adjust to this schedule: my eyes would be really sore by Thursday of each week for the first 3 weeks, and there are no windows so it's a little stifling. However, by the end of that, I was fully adapted.There are a total of 6 assessments spread across the first 8 weeks, and if you fail twice, and then fail a retake, you are kicked out, no exceptions. This is a really strict policy, and it's definitely a lot of pressure. About 25% of the people in my cohort were kicked out, so please consider this carefully. I failed the third assessment, and was really stressed for the rest, but passed them without a problem. These assessments really are not designed to get you or anything like that. They provide practice assessments, and as long as you do those until you can finish it in about half the time you get for the real assessment, you will be totally fine. Just make sure you understand the material — don't simply memorize! Overall, an amazing experience, and I would definitely do it again given the choice.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy has been one of the most rewarding experiences I've had. There were many times where I felt completely lost, but the TA staff at App Academy was always super accommodating and willing to patiently teach any of us that needed the... Read More help. I can't thank them enough for the help they gave me every time I felt ready to give up. If you are willing to drop everything and commit 9 weeks to see if coding is for you, there isn't a program out there I'd recommend more so than App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"Quick disclaimer- I just finished the course, so I don't have a job yet. I'll just talk about the experience I have to this point. The way the curriculum works is that you have 9 weeks of the learning curriculum. You learn Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, React,... Read More Redux, SQL, and more. You also create your full-stack project.The next 3 weeks is the career curriculum. Here they teach you what you need to do to get a job, and what you should expect. During this time, you create a javascript project.First off let me say, it is a difficult program. When they say 100 hours/week, it's literally 100 hours per week. It is a pretty hard thing to get used to. Also, during the first 9 weeks, there are 6 assessments that you have to pass. If you don't pass 2, your out. So kind of harsh. However, at the end of it, it's a really accomplished feeling.I would recommend planning on not having a life for the 3 months you are in the program. We had really great TA's to teach us the curriculum and help us with all our questions. The support that they give is really great! It's crazy how much you can learn in just 12 weeks!At the end of the 12 weeks, you have 2-3 projects, a personal website, a resume, linkedin profile etc etc. They make sure you have everything in order for you to get a job.I just graduated so I don't know if how prepared we are, but all in all, it was a great experience.Read Less",app-academy
"You know when you were a kid and you kind of thought your parents or grown ups had everything figured out? And then you grow up to realize they're pretty much winging it? Elements of App Academy feel a bit like that.To be clear, I really enjoyed App Academy... Read More and thought it was about as good as one could do trying to teach this amount of material in a very condensed period of time. But I don't think aA should remain complacent because there is definitely room for improvement. For instance, when you first arrive, you learn a bit about the TAs, some of whom may have just graduated from aA the week before. This isn't inherently a bad thing, but you do see a big disparity between TAs who have more experience and those that are hot off the presses for lack of a better term. This becomes more obvious the more you ask about topics that are tangentially related to the curriculum. I think the TAs on average tend to nail topics related to every day's projects, but if you're looking for a resource to widen your understanding of some technologies you may find yourself slightly disappointed depending on who you ask. The next element I took issue with is the check-in structure. I want to emphasize this: bootcamp students are adult humans. App Academy has a thrice daily check-in (by 9, 1:10-1:130, 3:55-4:00) that must be done on their internet to confirm that you're there. On one hand--I get it because we do pair programming for most of the day and missing out on the pairing screws over your partner for the day. On the other hand, we don't need to be treated like elementary school students and should be given at least a LITTLE more license over our education. This isn't likely to change anytime soon, so if it seems overbearing to you, keep that in mind.Assessments. The assessments are necessary but flawed... one one hand, you need to make sure students are really keeping up with their understanding of the material because if you don't understand each week or day's subject matter, you're setting yourself up for failure in the coming weeks. That said, the assessments aren't so dynamic that you can't just read the specs, learn the patterns, and pass the assessments without fundamentally understanding the core concepts. All this is to say that students that don't have a great understanding of the material can sneak through the system by memorizing patterns needed for assessments. I think they could stand to be recalibrated.The curriculum is excellent but the project instructions vary pretty drastically from day to day. Some days the projects feel clear as day and the instructions step through the material in a way that puts you and your partner in the driver's seat giving you the appropriate amount of hints/code. Other days the instructions feel really really open ended and make far too many assumptions about our prior knowledge. I could continue to nitpick details about App Academy, but at the end of the day, the students are bright, motivated, and the environment is extremely positive and supportive. While the work load at times can feel overwhelming, the TAs and your fellow students are always there to help. I would recommend App Academy to just about anybody looking to quickly get from 0 to 100 as a web developer and I would encourage aA to never stop improving.Read Less",app-academy
"Imagine having maybe a couple hours a day to sleep to take a break and sleep for maybe 7-8 hours and working for the rest of the time. If not the complete 3 months, that is what most of my time in the last three months was like. It was actually and amazing... Read More experience though. Learning so much in such a short time is an achievement in itself.Read Less",app-academy
"A lot of people will tell you the exams are the most stressful part of the program but I strongly disagree. If you spend your time focusing on the information and studying with your peers, the exams are almost always a guaranteed pass. The real stress... Read More kicks in week 10 when the training wheels are officially removed. You are forced to complete not only a full-stack web application, but a javascript browser game and a code intensive while preparing yourself for the job search. I am in no way ready to start a career as a software developer but App Academy definitely gave me the tools I need to continue learning and preparing for a job I actually want. Bottom line: As long as you know what you're getting yourself into, App Academy is a great experience. I would do it all over again if I were given the opportunity.Read Less",app-academy
"I enjoyed the program overall. It was stressful though dealing with the tests and the daily checkin times. After completing the code intensive part of the curriculum I felt like I had a good understand of the materials, but I would need more time to cement... Read More the knowledge within me. The teachers were very helpful and a good support system to have when things got stressful. It was a worth while program.Read Less",app-academy
"Discaimer: I am getting a free hoodie to write this review. That being said it is actually how I feel about the program. Apply grains of salt as desired. As a whole I reallly loved my time at app academy. I had a great cohort and great instructors. Everyone... Read More is very helpful an encouraging, but there will be no handhoding. You wil be thrown in and encouraged to learn and teach yourself a good amout. This is a good thing as those skills will become paramount in being able to learn more as you go. My background was not in anything even slightly related to coding in any way. I found the program challenging throughout and sometimes even felt like i could not mae it through. Alas i did so thats good. Be aware that when they say you will be spending 90-100 hours a week working this is not an exageration. I thought it like was but for the first 10 weeks all we did was eat sleep code rinse repeat.The jib search curriculum was also very good in my estimation. It is hard to assign it an actual value since I just started the job appliatio process, but i do feel i have learned a lot and polished up my professional look online.If youre willing to dedicae yourself to this 100% for the duration I would highly recommend this program. I have no real basis of comparison as it is te only one i attended but I cant say I have any regrets in choosing this bootcamp over any other.Finally if you get in start the Alpha course as early as you can and get everything you can from it, it will be extremely helpful.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: They will make you a software engineer experienced in Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, React, Readux, PostgreSQL, RSpec, Capybara, Jest, Engyme, HTML5, CSS3. You will do lot is pair programming and work in Test Driven Development Cons: Its very intense,... Read More you will have to forget about your self and rest of ur the world. You will be working for at least 16hrs a day. Assessment days are the worst ones. If you fail two assessments you get kicked out, even a single thought of getting kicked out will wreck your nerves. It’s the hardest thing I have ever done in life. You will be competing against CS graduates and folks who have been preparing for it for a year. I came unprepared, so had to work 4 times harder than few people of my cohort.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy's bootcamp prep premium remote course. After completing the course I interviewed with Hack Reactor, App Academy and Fullstack Academy. I was accepted to both Hack Reactor and Fullstack Academy after my first interview. App Academy... Read More asked me to do a follow up interview. I decided I would like to study remotely, so I chose not to do the follow up interview because A/a does not offer a remote immersive at this time. Bootcamp prep was great! The staff and tutors were very helpful, professional and great at teaching the material. The tutoring sessions over skype were awesome. If you want to get into one of the top bootcamps, I highly recommend App Academy's bootcamp prep!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is definitely the most challenging thing I've ever done. You will learn alot in 12 weeks, but be prepared to put everything(social life) aside for 12 weeks. The program is very stressful and fast paced. All my classmates were super smart.... Read More This program drains you mentally, physically, and emotionally, but if you put in the work, it will be worth it in the end.Read Less",app-academy
"You get what you put in. You have to study super hard for the assessments (15% of my cohort was dismissed for failing them). You should apply if you like writing code! The program is really hard though, and they are not exaggerating when they say 80 hours... Read More a week.Read Less",app-academy
"One of the most difficult and rewarding experiences of my life! App Academy will introduce you to difficult and extremely interesting materials at a pace you didn't know you were capable of learning at. I knew only a little bit of ruby going in and am... Read More now well versed in Ruby, JavaScript and more and am capable of developing single-page web apps. App academy has been one of the most rewarding educational experiences of my life.Read Less",app-academy
"I never thought it was possible to learn as much as I have in the last nine weeks. The curriculum is structured as such that each new concept builds off of and reinforces the previous ones. The catch of this, of course, is that if you fall behind it can... Read More be difficult to catch up. There can be a lot of pressure to keep up, and especially before the assessments, where a second failure means you are dismissed from the program. This can be terrifying, (if a bit exhilarating) and I will definitely say that this course demands a *ton* and is not for the feint of heart. That being said, the amount of knowledge and experience you come out with (not to mention the amazing peers) are incredible. I got accepted after just learning what a 'while loop' was, and just created a website from scratch, integrating rails, JavaScript, React /redux, and styling. 10/10 would do again in a heartbeat.Read Less",app-academy
"I never thought it was possible to learn as much as I have in the last nine weeks. The curriculum is structured as such that each new concept builds off of and reinforces the previous ones. The catch of this, of course, is that if you fall behind it can... Read More be difficult to catch up. There can be a lot of pressure to keep up, and especially before the assessments, where a second failure means you are dismissed from the program. This can be terrifying, (if a bit exhilarating) and I will definitely say that this course demands a *ton* and is not for the feint of heart. That being said, the amount of knowledge and experience you come out with (not to mention the amazing peers) are incredible. I got accepted after just learning what a 'while loop' was, and just created a website from scratch, integrating rails, JavaScript, React /redux, and styling. 10/10 would do again in a heartbeat.Read Less",app-academy
"You will be exhausted. Kiss your friends and family good-bye for the duration of the coding curriculum. However, what you learn is huge. It will feel like you don't know a lot, but you will actually be able to do so much. And when you get stuck, your... Read More fellow students and teachers all help you. Everyone goes through the grind together. Everyone helps each other. In the end, I was able to fully code a functioning web app. Lots of moving pieces that finally all fit together, culminating in a full-stack project. Highly rewarding feeling knowing I am capable of doing this now, and after only two months. You just have to put in the work, which is more than you anticipate, so be ready for it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a great experience for me to transition into software development from an engineering background. The curriculum is rigorous and more immersive than attempting to learn on your own because you will spend a minimum of 70+ hours a week on... Read More the material. Many of the TAs are great educators and are invested in your success. If you are willing to have no life for three months but come out as a real software developer then this course is for you. Pro-tip: Study some programming such as algorithmic problems on Project Euler and Codewars beforehand, it'll help a lot.Read Less",app-academy
"I'm really glad I made this decision to change careers and to attend App Academy. The whole entire journey has so far been very challenging, yet extremely rewarding. From studying throughout the application process, to the nerves of interviewing, to getting... Read More accepted, to studying some more during the pre-course work, and to non-stop studying throughout the curriculum. The structure during the technical curriculum (weeks 1-10) can be taken for granted easily, because a completely new, but equally (if not more) stressful challenge arose once we moved over to the less structured job search curriculum. Much of going through this program is self-directed and self-taught, with guidance from the readings, lectures, projects, and homework. The instructors are not as hands-on with the students as some may expect, but they are available for questions at all times. This should be taken advantage of to the fullest. The assessments are extremely challenging and stressful, as if you fail to pass two of them, you are dismissed from the program. Be ready to feel behind, feel stressed, question multiple times your decision of choosing this path, but be ready to also enjoy coming in everyday, and feeling like this was the best decision you've made for your career so far. I would absolutely recommend App Academy to anyone trying to decide if they want to pursue this career path.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy was a very structured program that I learned a lot from. It keeps you motivated to work hard through having assessments every Monday and practice assessments prior to the main ones. This helps to constantly let you know what you need to do... Read More to stay on track. If you're looking to become proficient in ruby on rails and react App Academy is a great way to go! The program also gives you the tools that you will need to pick up new skills as well and continue learning on your own even after the program is completed.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy is an incredible coding bootcamp. I came into the bootcamp with many expectations of what it might be like but I never could have imagined what I have experienced so far. To start, the learning environment is positive, supportive, and encouraging.... Read More App Academy constantly reinforces a culture of collaboration, pair programming, and sharing knowledge. The best example (and my favorite aspect of the program as a whole) are the TAs and instructional staff. These are mainly past graduates who have decided to help new students find their way through the intense 9 week curriculum. Because they have been through the program themselves they know what the students are going through, and do an amazing job of providing support when needed - be it technical help on a tough coding problem, or providing some much needed reassurance when the grind becomes real - they really do care and will spend hours (literally) with you until you understand a concept comfortably.Speaking of the grind, App Academy will test you. But that’s what a bootcamp is meant to do. Sleepless nights, hours of homework reading and problems (after 9 hours of coding), and weekly assessments will push you to your mental and physical limits. You will experience moments where the last thing you want to do is write another line of code, or spend another hour trying to debug your program. The most important thing is to keep on trying, and ask for help when you need it. The support system is there for you to take advantage of, and everyone is happy to help.But it’s not all bad. In fact, there is so much more that is good about this bootcamp. For as much stress and frustration you will go through, you will experience twice the amount of achievement, learning, and moments of triumph. You will learn to build so many cool things and come away with the confidence to continue learning on your own afterward. You will build new and deep friendships with classmates going through the same struggle and grind. The alumni community at App Academy is healthy, growing, and super friendly. If you are thinking about App Academy, I highly recommend it. This bootcamp is has not only been an opportunity for me to step into the tech industry as a software developer, it has been a challenging experience that I can look back on with gratitude and pride.Read Less",app-academy
"Enrolling in AppAcademy was a chance for me to switch careers and I do not regret it. At the end of the day, it really is what you make of it. I did a lot of research on web-development and delved around in multiple free curriculums such as freeCodeCamp... Read More and TheOdinProject prior but it was hard to keep myself accountable. Due to the massive amounts of tutorials and references available through open source, I found it hard to make serious progress as I would jump from language to language, not sure of what I should learn with the limited time that I had. AppAcademy provided me structure and forced me to be disciplined and I was able to make massive progress in 3 months, much more than I ever did when I was self-studying and not fully immersing myself.I would say that most of the knowledge is picked up through pair programming. Having to work with another partner daily during the curriculum really sharpened my understanding of not only the material but my ability to articulate it to other people. You'll also learn a lot when you help your cohort mates debug and vice versa. The curriculum is very fast-paced and it is amazing how fast you feel that you can fall behind in only a day. The React/Redux portion was probably the most challenging week in the curriculum as new material is just piled onto you.Our cohort is currently in the job search curriculum so I cannot comment at the moment regarding the job search. Needless to say, I am looking forward to opening up this new chapter in my career.To answer some questions that I had when I was making the decision to enroll:- The language you learn doesn't matter. Once you are familiar with how web-development works, you realize that there are similar patterns/conventions that are fundamental to each language. Different programming languages can all achieve the same means.- Make sure you enroll ahead of the months notice that they tell you to. You do have pre-curriculum prep that you have to do before the cohort that requires at least two weeks of time. I personally went through the prep work twice before my cohort started as well as learning as much JavaScript as I could. This goes a long way between determining how stressed you feel during the lecture part of the curriculum when you're learning new materials everyday.- I did a good amount of problems on CodeWars and CodeFights and LeetCode during my preparation for the application. While it helped me learn how to problem solve, web development is actually a totally different beast! Don't get discouraged if you struggle at these tricky word problems because it doesn't mean that you can't build killer apps.BTW: Hawaiian shirts on Fridays. Learn it. Live it. Love it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is awesome! The curriculum is fantastic and the Job Search portion teaches developers how to network, apply to openings, negotiate salary, and so much more. The TA's are all very talented and very knowledgeable. Spending upwards of 9 hours... Read More a day including weekends has created a pseudo-family between classmates. Everyone is super supportive of each other in the learning experience as well. Like Dave Meltzer, I'm going to break the 5-star system and give a/A a solid 6 stars.Read Less",app-academy
"If you want to be ready for the job market, be skilled with ruby and javascript, meet the best and the brightest to coming into the market and have the mindset to be able to work as long and hard as it takes, this is the place for you. Use it as a learning... Read More experience on your path of becoming a software developer. It will not come easy but it's all about time and perseverence and eventually you will become a software developer and see the rewards of your effort. I can't imagine having better TAs for the curriculum. Some of the brightest people have come through these halls. I encourage everyone to take a chance and make that step towards a better career.Read Less",app-academy
"The learning culture at App Academy is pretty much as far as it gets from university. They value a very collaborative culture through pair programming every day, and value understanding the material over just completing it. There were only a couple days... Read More where we managed to get through all of the days projects, but it's expected.The curriculum as a whole is fantastic and reinforces your understanding through a variety of methods: readings, videos, homework, lectures, group discussions, and most importantly actually putting into practice your new skills throughout each day.After completing the main coding curriculum as well as a few major projects, I've become confident in my ability to code and build full-stack and frontend apps in Rails, React/Redux, JavaScript, etc. It's also inspired me to want to pick up new stacks and tools. I've definitely learned more over these past 3 months than any other 3 month (or even 1 year) period of time.I can't speak to those without technical backgrounds. But even though I had some previous programming experience, it didn't really matter since everything was new to me after the second week. You will definitely be spending at least 80-90 hours a week, but it won't feel like it if you love to code and learn about new technologies.Read Less",app-academy
"AppAcademy's program is rigorous and intense, anyone thinking of attending the program should be ready for the fast paced nature of this course. The experience at App Academy was definitely worth it though. There is a strong sense of community that is... Read More fostered by the caring TA's who go above and beyond to make sure students are ready for whatever faces them throughout the curriculum. Students form a sense of camaraderie throughout the coursework which is rewarding in itself. All of that aside, the program allows for someone with practically no knowledge of coding to being ready to create full stack websites on their own. The availability of resources is great, so an individual will always be able to get closer to a solution provided they are willing to try. Going through the program, I felt as if all the staff wanted the students to be ready for whatever faces them in any job opportunity and that they are ready for what comes next. The only downside I experienced is that the curriculum itself does not cater to platforms other than MAC OSX. Being one of the few with a windows laptop, I had to set up Ubuntu on my laptop before the program started by myself. Other people who did not have MAC systems eventually caved into buying a macbook during the program to make life easier.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy has been one of the best decisions I've made in my career. You could argue that you could teach yourself or maybe even try to go back to traditional school, but I believe nothing is as cost or time-efficient as attending the best... Read More bootcamp in the industry. There is plenty of free knowledge and alternatives out there to learn the skills of a software engineer, but for most people starting out it is incredibly difficult to know what to focus on. App Academy will offer you a well thought out roadmap that has been proven to work for thousands of students. You're guaranteed to learn the most in-demand technologies and skills in the industry thanks to its rapid-iteration teaching approach, which provides frequent experimentation and rapid re-investment of findings back into the class. One of my favorite thing about the program is that is practical in nature, so be prepared to experience a non-traditional yet more efficient approach to education in which you'll learn by doing and collaborating with others. By the end of the program, you'll have an amazing portfolio of projects that will impress any hiring manager. And even after you are done as a student, you'll still benefit from the amazing career support App Academy provides and you'll have access to the incredible network of App Academy alumni. Be aware that attending this immersive program will be challenging, but I promise it'll be a fun and rewarding experience.Read Less",app-academy
"To start, I want to say that App Academy is as challenging as everyone makes it out to be. Be prepared to spend 10-12 hours a day studying, 7 days a week for the first 9 weeks. Although there were many stressful days and sleepless nights, the amount of... Read More knowledge you accrue throughout the curriculum period is crazy. One of the aspects that I really liked at app academy was just being able to surround yourself around incredibly talented individuals, who are all working towards the same goal as you. It really fosters an environment that allows you to push yourself further.A typical day at App Academy during the curriculum period consists of checking in at 9am, lecture, pair programming, and flex time, which is pretty much a circle time where you discuss with your designated group about what you learned that day. Some of the TAs were previous students and were very approachable, though at times during pair programming, none are on the floor/available. There are lecture videos and homework you are tasked to watch and complete every night, which usually take a few hours to complete. Assessments are given almost every week during the curriculum period and they require tons of studying. Be prepared to simply eat, sleep, code, repeat. I will definitely miss struggling with the friends I have made here - it's like graduating college all over again.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are serious about a career change to software development, then I would recommend you go to App Academy. Before the course, I did not know too much about coding coming from a background in science and doing some self learning. In the short amount... Read More of time, I probably learned more than a year's worth of self studying. For the first 8 weeks, you are going to be going to a/A and getting a lecture in the morning and then coding until 5:30PM with some exceptions. After that, you will have homework, which includes assignments, readings, videos, which generally take about 1-3 hours in the earlier weeks and going up to 5 hours as you progress through the course.You spend your first 2-3 weeks, going over Ruby to practice/learn coding fundamentals. The next 3 weeks are spent learning SQL and Ruby on Rails, where you can create your first website! After creating your website, you learn JavaScript for about a week and then React/Redux to learn how to improve your website. I honestly wish more time was spent on the JavaScript portion of the curriculum, but at this point everything is moving along even faster. You spend weeks 8-9 creating a clone of a website like Instagram, SoundCloud, Facebook ect. This is probably the first time where you are actually building a project from scratch to finish and its great once you accomplished it! However up until you finish, it will most likely be a struggle and a big learning experience.After that is done, you get to move to the job search portion, where you build another solo project and a group project of your choice, which was also pretty fun/struggle! During this time you also learn and work on skills not related to coding such as resumes, cover letters, salary negotiations. After that you have around two weeks to work on learning algorithms, which are key to getting a job. You pretty much self learn/have limited help during this time and you basically set your own schedule more or less.Overall App Academy is great for getting introducing you to being a software developer. You should be fine if you put in the work. The assessments you take are similar to the practice ones they give you. Depending on how fast you learn/study, you might have some time off on Fridays and maybe a couple hours on the weekend to relax and do whatever you want. Good luck with the grind!Read Less",app-academy
"Before I attended App Academy, I read all these reviews and thought everyone was being dramatic about the intensity. I graduated with a Bachelor's in Chemical Engineering and thought that was pretty difficult. My degree did not aid in any kind of way... Read More with getting through this program. My daily schedule consisted of starting class at 9 AM and go to sleep at 1 AM/2 AM. There are homework and readings every night. Rinse and repeat. Don't be scared though. Anyone can get through this program if you work hard. Don't give up. Ask yourself at the end of each day if you did everything absolutely possible to understand it. We all learn at different rates, do what you need to. Oh yeah, try to get some sleep...hahaOf course, if you're a genius then you're a genius.Read Less",app-academy
"Going through App Academy's program has truly been a remarkable experience. No matter what your background is and if you're serious about starting a new career in Software Development, be prepared to be challenged 7 days a week during the main portion... Read More of the curriculum. At the end, it was all worth it! The instructional staff are very professional and are diligent about student success. They will teach you everything you need to know in short amount of time. Because of the amount of information you'll learn, it will actually FEEL like you've been in the program much longer than 3 months.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is just as difficult as they claim. You really will need to spend upward of 85 hours a week on your studies if you want to be successful, but if you have the time and the discipline then don't be scared away. I've had very, very little free-time... Read More over the past months, but in exchange I've gained an extremely valuable skill in less time than I could have imagined before beginning the program.The instructors are top-notch. Everything in general is conducted extremely professionally, from the location and the building/amenities (I attended the NY branch), to the assessments and the projects. Before joining the program I was under the impression that I could have learned all of the same skills on my own, using free resources online. Looking back now, this miiiiight be possible, but it honestly would have taken me more than 10 times as long to do alone. Having the instructors on call, and the other students as pair-programmers was indispensable for me. Again, the program is totally worth it for those who are serious about becoming full-stack developers. I just recently accepted an offer as a frontend developer thanks to App Academy. But remember, there is no hand-holding. If you think you can give it anything less than 90% of your time and attention, you will likely fail out.Read Less",app-academy
"So I am writing this review while still in Job search curriculum at App Academy and I just wanted to give some advice to people that want to apply. First, LEARN TO CODE before you apply. I spent two years learning Java and CS topics like data structures... Read More and algorithms in Foothill college. That helped me to understand concepts of programming while preparing for coding challenge and later in the program. This doesn't mean you have to spend two years, but few months of intense learning will help a lot, and I would also strongly recommend to take Ruby course on Codecademy or similar website. Second thing, if you get accepted to JumpStart, don't just do homework problems and think this is enough. This is huge mistake. You should do a t least three times more than homework. Many people that relied only on homework failed to pass JumpStart assessments. Third thing, WORK HARD. The curriculum in A/a is designed the way that you WILL NOT have free weekend. Every weekend you will have stuff to work on. It's very easy to fall behind. Overall the school is great and gives you practical knowledge to be a junior dev. Course also covers general CS concepts like data structures and teaches you algorithms towards the end of the course. Every day you are required to leave you feedback about instructors, and they read those reviews and take steps to improve program.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy requires you to study for a minimum of 90 hours per week excluding commute. That said, you learn a ton of stuff in 3 months. Coming from a non-technical background, it was astounding how much I could pick up in such a short time. The TAs are... Read More very helpful and go above and beyond to help you. The assessments can be stressful, as there is a threat of getting kicked out. But it motivated me to take the assessments seriously and study hard. We also do 3 projects (1 full stack, 1 pure javascript project and 1 game), that helps seal gaps in our learning. I have just started the job search curriculum, and will update my review once I find a job.Read Less",app-academy
"The intro course with Alvin was extremely thorough, though a bit costly for the number of hours, I believe for someone looking for formal training to begin coding, this is the course to begin with.",app-academy
"BACKGROUND:Network Engineering / IT background (5 years) but always had an interest in coding. Prior to this class the only coding experience I had was from an Intro to Programming college class 6 years ago.COURSE PACE / MATERIALCompared to a 3 month... Read More Introductory to Programming class offered at a college, this is a one month course. But you’ll learn more in the one month than an entire semester in a traditional college setting. The class meets for two and a half hours a day, five days a week for four weeks. Expect to start the first day with a two and half hour lecture. Overall the course was very well paced and clearly delivers coding foundations and basics. I made the mistake of falling behind which led the first two weeks being very challenging. Assignments are given out every day so prepare to spend extra time outside of class (1 to 2hrs/day) coding and learning. Lesson notes are provided as text as well as video walk through which was VERY helpful. You can also ask the instructors for help if needed, they were always available after class. As far as learning enough to get accepted into a top bootcamp: the class offers a money back guaranteed so you really can’t lose out. I do feel that graduated who spend time practicing after the course will have a very good shot at making it into top bootcamps. INSTRUCTORS / NON-TECHNICAL BENEFITSThis was what made the class worth it for me. Usually when you talk to someone (especially an instructor that works for a bootcamp) you’ll notice they’re trying to sell you something. That wasn’t the case here. I had a TON of questions about working in coding, surviving the 100hour/week main bootcamp, what the job market was like for graduates of a full time bootcamp, what can cause someone to fail, etc.. The Bootcamp Prep instructors (Alvin and David) were very honest and accommodating.For the first time I felt like I was getting real and genuine answers. Alvin and David were very patient and didn’t sugar coat anything. The info they gave really helped solidify my desire to go into software engineering and allowed me to plan and prepare accordingly to attend a full time bootcamp in the future.  OVERALLGreat experience. Learned a lot and met some awesome people that I still keep in touch with. It is expensive, but you get what you pay for. For me this course was definitely worth itRead Less",app-academy
"Getting accepted to appAcademy was hard, and completing the course was even harder. I came from a Theater background with ZERO software development experience. I studied for the first admittance exam, and was conditionally excepted. I went to jump start... Read More and failed both assessments. I had to take another admittance test—which at first they forgot to process—and then was finally accepted into a cohort the following fall. And then the real work started. I’ll second anyone who says they didn’t sleep much. It’s mentally, physically, and emotionally exhausting. I failed my third assessment by 1 Point so I spent the second half of my cohort terrified that if I failed again my time at appAcademy would be over. But I did it. I made it through to the end. I made full stack web applications. I made a game in javascript. I learned new technologies like React. I got a job in a field I had ZERO experience in a year ago. In addition to all the technical assets I learned at appAcademy, I also became better at believing in myself. You’ll learn a lot here. If you’ve got the time, and tenacity I’d absolutely recommend it. Absorb everything you can, but don’t lose yourself along the way.Read Less",app-academy
It was a great prep course with a great vibe. Each week was very well organized and the instructors were always available and patient!Everyone is willing to help each other and no one gets left behind pair programming was nice.,app-academy
"If you are looking to join App Academy's Full Bootcamp but you do not have the technical or lack formal coding education, then do this program before applying to the full. About 3 months before joining Bootcamp prep I did not want to pursue the fields... Read More I had my B.A. in, so I taught myself coding. By the time I went to the course I was coding in C, Java, and Python, yet even though a lot of the information was a repeat (over again for each language) the experience itself made me love coding even more and I could not have made a better decision! My teacher Alvin and the T.A. David were incredible, not only in the class but also out of class and after the course ended. It was great to work and learn amongst friendly and diverse people from various fields who were not my competitors but my teammates. Now, thanks to Alvin, David, everyone in my class and the support App Academy offered, I was accepted into App Academy's Full Bootcamp and I cannot wait to start!Read Less",app-academy
"Throughout my entire life, I have gone through accelerated courses whether it be the military or my undergrad. App Academy was no joke and it definitely gave me the whooping I deserved to make me humble to the vast amount of knowledge I was about to face... Read More and understand that I'll be a lifelong student in the world of tech. The reason why I decided on App Academy were their tuition model and reputation for being one of the best.Needless to stay, they delivered. The curriculum consistently got more difficult and ranged from technical to soft skills. Both of which I receive valuable training in but I believe the soft skills are where I improved the most. I have always been the type of person to work alone. It was fine up until the halfway mark in which I realized I couldn't be in the world of tech working alone as there will never be enough time to learn and keep up with the lastest trends in technologies.tl;drApp Academy taught me: 1. Technical skills to get through the door 2. Soft skills to land the job 3. How to learn and do my own research 4. To strive to become a mentorRead Less",app-academy
"I graduated my bachelors in CS but I felt that what was taught to me is not enough for the industry right now. App Academy taught me what I hadn't learnt in 4 years in 12 weeks. It was really really intense, no kidding. The pacing is ultra high speed.... Read More But at the start of the eighth week began doing our full stack project. The end result is what was the most satisfying. I was proud of what I made and my friends and family were amazed on how practical the teaching was, enough to make a full stack app. The course is super rewarding. I am currently on the 10th week and our job search curriculum is about to begin and am super excited to start working soon!Read Less",app-academy
"I chose to attend App Academy because of its reputation of being very difficult, and it certainly is that. It's kind of like those videos of parents throwing their babies into the pool, and then helping them turn their heads so they float on their backs.... Read More Seems extremely harsh, and the babies don't know what to do at first, but they quickly figure it out because they have to.My background: I had a little programming experience coming in - I built an app and put it on the Play Store, among other small projects. That being said, it too me 5 attempts, using Ruby, to get in. APPLICATION PROCESSThere was 1 small coding challenge, then 1 remote interview via Skype (which I had two chances at), which I didn't pass, so I was referred to a ""JumpStart"" program to help me get up to speed, roughly 3 hours per night during the week at App Academy. Again, 2 chances to pass part 1 (which I already had) or part 2. I didn't pass either of them, although it was close. Then I was told there was one more opportunity at a remote technical interview via Skype, which I jumped at, and finally passed. Then, one more non-technical ""fit"" interview which was just like a normal job interview, and then I was in.ONCE YOU'RE INThere is a lot of front loaded information before you even start your first day. It's called the ""Alpha Curriculum."" It goes over Ruby basics, helps you get your machine environment setup, and you build little projects to prepare you. Near the end you build something like Battleship and I think it runs in the terminal. Takes about 100 total hours to complete the Alpha Curriculum.DAY TO DAY EXPERIENCEFor the first 8 weeks, you're paired with someone to program with. All day, every day. You switch ""driving"" and ""navigating"" roles every 15 minutes. One of you is meant to guide the direction of the code, and the other to implement it. There is a strike system in place meant to keep you present and on task, 10 strikes and you're dismissed from App Academy. There are also 6 assessments that you need to pass. If you fail twice, you're also dismissed (you get a single retry on your second fail). It seems harsh, but the content you learn builds heavily on previous content.How a normal week day looks:1-3 hours of lecture5-7 hours of pair programming1 hour lunch2-4 hours of homework (consisting of reading, videos - shorter if you watch on 2x speed, coding exercises)How a weekend looks:12-20 hours of preparation for assessments. Usually a sample assessment is released, which you are expected to grind over during the weekend, in addition to 2-3 hours of homework for Monday.WHAT YOU LEARNBasically you're learning web technologies. Ruby and Rails for the backend, JavaScript, React, and Redux for the frontend. After 8 weeks of pair programming is complete, you start your first stack project, and complete it in 10 days. For example, this was mine: https://infinotes.herokuapp.com/After the full stack project, there is a JavaScript project, and lastly a ""flex"" project that you're expected to complete with a team. These last two projects take place during the job search portion of the course, when you work on resumes, interview skills, and algorithms.If web technologies if what you're looking for, and I'm told that it translates well to other fields, then you'll definitely learn it here.There are no days off, no breathers between projects.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy's Bootcamp Prep was awesome. It gave me the confidence to pursue this career as a software developer. Alvin was always super helpful and so were all the mentors. Their slack group is a great resource - and the admins are super quick to respond... Read More to any questions/problems. I was very surprised at the level of ""assistance"" they provide - not only in slack but in the hour long tutorials they offer as well. If you are considering it... do it.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy's bootcamp prep course about two months ago. I had pretty much no experience coding and decided that the prep program would be a good way to get my feet wet and see if this career path suited me without too much of a commitment.... Read More The program was well organized and the teachers were great. Shout out to my teacher Alvin. He did a great job. At App Academy, I learned everything I needed to know to feel comfortable moving forward with a coding bootcamp. You will need to study on your own a little to make sure you are ready for technical interviews at bootcamps, but the program reviews all the material that is expected of you. I have now applied to several of the top bootcamps in NYC and have been accepted to all of them. The prep program is a pricey when compared to others, but the program lived up to its promises and I have no regrets about going.Read Less",app-academy
"I knew a bit of programming before taking this course which helped me a lot since I don't have a traditional technical background. I have a liberal arts background. The program is really hard, one of the most stressful 3+ months of my life, but it was... Read More so worth it. I am a software developer now . It's awesome.Read Less",app-academy
This was a great way to jump into coding and get an idea of what it would be like to be in a coding bootcamp. My background is that I don’t have any experience other than struggling on online free bootcamp prep and a technical interview that when it came... Read More time to take I realized I wouldn’t pass. For it being only a month I learned so much and got a better handle on how to code JavaScript. The assessments were really tough but from my struggles I progressed. I don’t feel as though I have learned enough to get into the bootcamp but I do feel like I have a stronger grip on what to learn and can continue to get ready for the bootcamp. I am a perfectionist though and know a lot of my classmates feel like they are ready and passed all the problems on the last assessment. The instructor was encouraging and I really appreciated what I learned from him. Alvin didn’t get frustrated with my struggles and didn’t give up on me despite how discouraged I felt. He tought us how to think like a developer and to problem solve instead of memorizing code and that is really important. When I couldn’t get a problem to pass he would go through and debug with me. The class in itself was very uplifting and I feel like it was a great environment to motivate me to learn.Read Less,app-academy
"Alvin was my teacher and David was my T.A. They are patient, well knowledged, and tries their best to stay empathized with the class. I thought the course was easy and i really didn't learn much, but when i looked back, I was able to understand, talk... Read More about, and do ALOT more than i was ever before, which means that they actually taught me a whole bunch WHILE getting the ""new-to-coding"" classmates. By the end of class, i think everyone was well taught on their fundamentals and ready to tackle their technical interview, which.. the prep course also helps you out by offering mock interviews and follow up.overall conclusion: It is quiet pricey, but you are paying for possible life long friends and networks, course materials, bootcamp tech &amp; non tech interview prep, follow up support to get into a bootcamp, and two great teachers you can rely on to answer questions you have EVEN after you graduate the prep course.Read Less",app-academy
"Background : I have a finance background, and had absolutely no idea on how to code, or even open up a terminal. We can say that I was as green to coding as anyone could be. Pre-work : As soon as I paid for the course, I was immediately given access to... Read More the Github with all the material, including problem sets, videos, and assessments. For one week, I worked through all the work up until mid-week 2, which I would recommend anyone do if they would like to be more prepared than their peers and feel less lost (that will happen regardless if you're new to all of this). My instructor emailed me consistently, and even helped me through the initial phases of just knowing where to type.Instructor : Coding people have a (IMO deserved) reputation of not being the best communicators. This was what scared me most about transitioning my career. I did not want to be at the mercy of someone who is crass and can't communicate with people. The instructor, Alvin, and his TA, David, were by far the best people anyone could ask for when it came to teaching the class. Alvin responds to emails usually in less than one hour (if I message him on Slack, far quicker of course), and the way he teaches, there is no way someone can fall behind. Each line of code is explained in bitter detail until everyone has a positive look on their face.Material : VIDEO WALKTHROUGHS. for every single problem on the homework or assessment, Alvin made videos walking through each one. I now have access to those walkthroughs for life on Github. If you are new to coding, these walkthroughs are your lifeblood. You can easily learn everything you need to know without stepping foot in a classroom if you have a good walkthrough for a problem set. These walkthroughs are thorough, and I used them for interview prep extensively. Competition: I was lucky(un-lucky) enough to have some extra cash to spend to seal the deal on nailing the technical interviews. I decided to enroll in Hack Reactor's prep course. I chose the premium prep option in which I was given a mentor who would design a curriculum based on my level of knowledge. I really just wanted technical interview questions so I could review them with my mentor. When I signed up, I knew fairly quickly this wasn't going to be App Academy. In order to get answers to questions as a premium prepper, I had to submit it in a certain format on a certain site, etc. When you have a question to a problem, the last thing you want is to have to go through the process of submitting it for review (and waiting 24-48 hours). The course itself was actually free, so i actually only paid for the submission of the code.My mentor, who was already uncomfortable with me just wanting to do the technical interview prep, wanted me initially to start off at ground 0 learning what a variable was. After a prickly conversation, I moved on to a video session with him. Very knowledgeable guy, I just probably wouldn't put him as the mentor to receive people at first. I asked for a refund, and received one very quickly from the very nice people there. I think Hack Reactor is a strong tiered school, but their bootcamp prep approach differs from App Academy. I can promise you, as a ground 0 student, pay the extra money and go to a/A. This is not the only experience. My business partner left his job at the same time as I did, and enrolled in Galvanize Bootcamp Prep. Galvanize has a course in which they don't even give you solutions to problems! He quickly had to leave because there were no problem reviews, and the instructor had never done the problems himself. I kid you not, he refused to answer how to do an isEven function, and instead said to ""think about how to do it"". You will never pass a technical interview with not repeatedly doing problems.Conclusion : I can't speak to full bootcamps, the other camps I mentioned have extremely strong track records of success at their full camps, and I would be lucky to get into their immersive programs. That being said, no one has put more effort into their prep than Bootcamp Prep at a/A. If you go to their course and do the work, you will be ahead of the curve come interview time. It costs more because it gives more.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are looking this review, I can tell all the information on a/A website are true. You need to spent AT LEAST 100 hours per week. The curriculum are intense and tough.You basically learn new stuff EVERYDAY. The assessments are really thing, you will... Read More be kick out if you failed twice.But if you really want to be there, here are some good news.All instructors at a/A are excellent, not only knowledgeable but also extremely supportive of students.The curriculums are well structured, and have clear instruction to follow.Your classmate are awesome, will give you any help you need. Trust yourself you can make it.Read Less",app-academy
"The 'boot camp' in the name of this course should not be ignored. You will need to work 10-12 hour days, 7 days a week, for the first 9 weeks in order to keep pace. There is no downtime and falling behind is a real danger in the assessment portion of... Read More the program. That being said, the amount of learning that takes place through this process is incredible. I honestly feel that grad school was easier. Not for the faint of heart but worth it if you can manage.Read Less",app-academy
"If you’re in for a quick career change while on cruise control, I would not recommend App Academy. But if you can picture yourself as an engineer and want to dedicate your time, this is the best place to be. The instructors are extremely bright, and they’ll... Read More challenge you every day to push your boundaries become a better problem solver. Anybody with dedication can do this, just be sure to prepare like crazy and be sure you’re in it for the long haul mentally, emotionally and financially.Read Less",app-academy
"Great people, great instructors, great program, learned more than I thought I would over the now 2.5 months I've been here.",app-academy
"My experience at App Academy is absolutely the most hard working time in my life. The average work time of 80 - 100 hours per week is no joke. There is new material taught to you on a daily basis and the last thing you would want is falling behind. Use... Read More your weekend to not just study for weekly assessments but also revisit materials from weekdays The purpose of the program is really for you to understand everything instead of passing the assessments. All the instructors are knowledgable enough to take any question you throw at them and they give awesome lectures. Take advantage of what you are paying for and ask questions if you get stuck with a problem more than 30 minutes. I personally make sure that I ask at least 5 questions a day. Taking the prep work seriously is crucial to your success in the program. Going over the alpha course as many times as you can will help you substantially on your understanding of 'object-oriented programming', which is a huge part of the program. This is a really intensive and demanding program so take good care of yourself!Read Less",app-academy
"Tldr; this program will push you to your limits and expand what you thought you were capable of. If you can't make it here, you're no less capable of doing this work, this is just a super intense environment that's not meant for every learning style.... Read MoreLong: AppAcademy has been a whirlwind of a learning experience. I came in with some prior experience coding, but not enough to do anything with. Before I got accepted into the actual program I spent about 2 months preparing by learning ruby, in part with their JumpStart program, which I strongly suggest if they ask you to join - it's free compared to the Bootcamp Prep, but isn't as in-depth from what I hear. Take the AlphaCourse really seriously - don't approach it with the attitude of ""it only takes x hours to finish, I'll wait until x hours before it's due!"" because that's the mentality that gets you failing out of the program.The curriculum has been worked over by a lot of people and on the whole is very solid and thorough, but at times can be hard to follow if you don't understand the style it is being conveyed to you in. That said, after 9 weeks of the curriculum, I made a fully functioning, albeit slightly bare-bones, website which completely blew my mind to see the progress I made. This accomplishment is just as much due to my own abilities as it is to the curriculum, institution, and the teachers they employe here.10/10 would suggest, but I need at least a solid week of rest following this. Be ready to put in a minimum of 10 hour days and 60 hour weeks - anything less is a fleeting luxury. When you get to the cap-stone project you get 10 days, expect to work those 10 days straight and put a minimum of 100 hours into your project.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a great place to further your knowledge in programming and the curriculum is very rich with information that if you master them, I can say that you'll do very well as a web developer. However, this doesn't mean that you'll become proficient... Read More from just attending the course. The course will only prepare you for what a work environment will be like and the rest is up to you. Self-studying and personal projects on the side is what will help you grow after graduating. Here are things for people intending to attend App Academy or are already accepted: 1. The 90+ hours of studying per week is real. You really have to study every night and do the hw to be prepared for next day's work.2. I can't stress this enough, master the alpha course that they give you when you are accepted. A lot of people fail out because they didn't take it seriously.3. If you really are a true beginner when it comes to coding as in you know nothing, really ask yourself: ""Do I learn really quickly and if not am I really going to put in the work to make up for that? "" I started the program after learning Ruby for 3 weeks, and I can tell you that not having a background in coding really harmed my learning experience at App Academy. I was able to survive the course, but wasn't able to absorb as much of the curriculum as I originally intended to. 4. They are not kidding about failing 2 assessments and kicking you out. The assessments are a great way to gauge if you on track but for those who have testing-anxiety a single bug on the examine can mean life or death. I want to say that if you studied enough, then you'll do fine but there days when you might not be able to find that bug because it's as simple as a spelling typo. Final advice it to just stay on top of your game, assessments are important but don't prioritize it over studying for the week's material. Lastly, The most important question of all: Is this really what you want to do with your whole life? Are you willing to throw everything away for a minimum of three months to get it?Read Less",app-academy
"Just finished the curriculum part of App Academy. It was intense, grueling, and sleep-deprived, but I would do it all over again. I have learned so much and went from being an absolute beginner with no coding experience whatsoever to where I can call... Read More myself an software engineer (still have so much to learn though lol). They have a great and intense curriculum (it has to be that way for you to go from 0-100 real quick), and they have a great and talented staff of teachers that will lead, mold, consult, and be there with you every step of the way. They are smart people, people. You in good hands.If you are someone who wants to change the direction of your life or want to get into programming for whatever reason, AND above all else is willing to put in the hours to do it, do not hesitate and go for it. You won't regret it.You will learn ruby, rails, JavaScript, react, cssRead Less",app-academy
"App Academy has definitely been the most rigorous academic program I ever attended. The pros for this program is the ability to learn so much information in such a short span. Most of the time you will feel like you are overwhelmed with knowledge to the... Read More point where you feel like you'll forget the material when it comes to applying it later. To my (and many other students') surprise, applying your knowledge will feel like second nature.The biggest drawback is the assessments and the consequences of failing these assessments. People spent large sums of money, left their jobs and invested their time for App Academy. To know that you can be let go if you're at risk creates a high level of anxiety. I personally left my job and was on the brink of failing from the program. Knowing how much I sacrificed to only be let go and not have a job to go back to is a serious problem. It's great that I passed through, but my situation would have been completely different if I was kicked out for academic reasons.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy's curriculum is absolutely fantastic. It is rigorous and often stressful, but you learn at such an accelerated rate (relative to self learning or the like) that I think it's definitely worth the time if you can afford it. A lot of that is... Read More due to the excellent instructional readings and videos provided to you, as well as the amazing help from your instructors. You learn full stack web development with a back-end in Ruby on Rails, which may not be the hottest thing out there right now, but by the end of the course you will be skilled enough to be able to transition to any other back-end framework of you or your future employer's choosing. The instructors teach you not only about the frameworks, such as Rails, but also about how they work under the hood, which is great to really cement your understanding of core concepts and build your foundation. I'm also a fan of their weekly assessments, which are a great way to gauge how well you're doing in the course up to that point. The material on these is extremely fair relative to what you learn in class on a daily basis, and they are a great way to sharpen your test taking and pressure handling ability. The people of App Academy, in my experience, are all really great. At least in my cohort, everyone got along beautifully. I can't say this is always going to be true, but I trust in App Academy's hiring process enough to think it should be true for future cohorts as well. Although the curriculum is very rewarding, it is also very demanding. If you want to excel, you will most likely need to dedicate most, if not all of your time to this course. Though the assessments are fair, you will need to spend a lot time studying for them. Don't be afraid to ask for help! You will get what you put in. Good luck!Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum seemed like a compilation of tutorials and books already available online. The value of the program is in being instructed to do it with a sense of direction with a room full of other people buying in. Having yet been hired I cannot attest... Read More to the primary goal of the program which is their ability to get you a job, however I will say that I'm confident of doing so. If you're a self-starter and have people in your network that can help you land that first job, you might be able to succeed without the program. If programming is a fresh start for you, this is a good launch pad.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is great if you are serious about learning the sufficient skills to be a software developer in the shortest humanly possible time. You will be surrounded by other motivated and smart individuals (ensured by a rigorous selection process), and... Read More if you are also motivated, you will succeed. It is quite amazing to see people come in with minimal programming experience, and come out able to make really good looking web applications using several different technology stacks. Looking back, this is definitely something that I, and probably most people wouldn't be able to achieve by themselves within 3 monthsPros:The program does what it says it does, and graduates do find jobsCons:Very stressful, intense, and will test your enduranceRead Less",app-academy
"Pros: highly practical learning surrounded by extremely smart but helpful people. The bootcamp was the hardest I've ever worked in my entire life and it was extremely rewarding in return.Cons: job support was poor during my time. But, I networked/hustled/worked... Read More my tail off and had multiple offers within 2-4 weeks (1 even before the bootcamp ended) after the bootcamp.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:- Intense nature of program keeps you engaged throughout and focuses on actually coding.- Classmates and instructors were willing to help at any chance they could- Overview of some major computer science topics such as big-O, algorithms, and node-trees... Read More- Resume building and useful portfolio projectsCons:- Course moves extremely fast through topics- Your life must be 100% dedicated to the program over the 3 months- The job search portion could use improvement in terms of providing more networking opportunities through the school such as job fairs.Overall, choosing to attend a/A was one of the best decisions I could have made to jump right into a career in Software Development. You learn a lot during the program but once completed and even during the program, you must have the self-discipline to go further in your learning. Unless, you have programmed before the course, you will not be 100% ready for a job coming out. You will need to use what you learned and build on-top of it on your own time. Within a month after the course, if you keep up a similar pace of study, landing a job should come easy.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending the AA was super challenging. I am the type of person that will learn mostly by practicing and going over the material from the lecture. Unfortunately, this was not the case. In AA program you pretty much never look back at the things you have... Read More been working on throughout the day and will always try to learn new things each day. With that being said you can already figure out that I was not able to finish the program. I have to say, after being dismissed from the program it really lowered down my self-esteem. At school, I was not a bad student and managed to finish it with 3.5 GPA. I was already experienced with other programming languages and this still did not help me to pass all of the weekly tests. The test overall are super intense and most likely will be harder than the practice ones. But if you try to apply for this course please don't get discouraged by my review, there were some people who felt the same way as I did and they have finished the program... I give an average rating of the course because I have never felt like I was getting good enough explanation of my mistakes, and most of those mistakes weren't reviewed since, again - there is no looking back. None of the homework was reviewed either ... simply do it or don't. The TA's are simply students who have already finished the same course, some of them are great and some of them simply cannot pass their knowledge. One more thing I would like to mention - the testing system is in my opinion very unfair if comes to programming. There is no code review and if you simply missed that semicolon and you are 1 point below the expectation - you have failed ...Read Less",app-academy
"You've read the reviews. Let me give you a breakdown of what it's actually like:- You get constant support. You have TAs and students surrounding you. The job curriculum staff are always there.- When you read that it's an immersive bootcamp, it really... Read More is immersive and *intense*. You really can't be doing anything else with your life outside this program. With that said, you get used to it in about 2 weeks and learn to love it. Trust me.- You really do get a balanced curriculum. You might be worried that other academies focus more on JavaScript, but trust me, you get *more* than enough JavaScript in this program. You also dive into React and Redux, i.e. the future of website building and what will make you really stand out as a developer these days.- It's a bit drab here. White walls, no art/plants/etc., few windows. Take breaks once in a while to get some fresh air and you'll be fine.- It's not as impossible as it might seem. Sure, you'll be working 24/7 on this course, but as long as you put in the time and study smart, you will get through it. If you've got a gut feeling that you want do this program, apply.- Things can sometimes be a bit disorganized. Trust in the curriculum and your instructors, but you also will be relying on each other to get through this course and figure out some of the details that might be overlooked.- You have a robust portfolio by the end of this. You clone a website, make your own app in JavaScript, and make a larger-scale project on a team. It's a mix of everything and you do really feel like a software developer by the end of this.To get an example of what a current App Academy student can make, check out my Github: https://github.com/nwelchrGood luck.Read Less",app-academy
App academy is an 8-week long intensive coding bootcamp that teaches everything you need to know to start your new career in Software Development. Prepare to dedicate yourself completely for the duration of the program. It will require your full attention.... Read More The skills and technologies that you will learn are current and in high demand! The staff is friendly and supportive throughout the whole process. It was an amazing experience that I would recommend to anyone who is serious about making the career change to Software Development.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy is definitely a great opportunity to learn a great deal of material in a short amount of time. There's a reason it has a great reputation among bootcamps - the instructors are knowledgeable and helpful, the curriculum is definitely relevant... Read More to what is necessary for actual tech positions, and they have alumni placed in dozens of companys and start-ups. All of that being said, here are some questions I would ask yourself before applying:1. Do you handle pressure well? The courseload itself is very intense (9-6 M-F with homework every night and near-weekly assessments) and the tests are very much point-blank ""can you pound this out in 30-40 minutes or not"". None of this is ever unexpected or unreasonable, but be prepared for a good deal of stress and make sure you have ways to cope with it and stay healthy.2. How long can you go without having a job? While the course itself only takes 3 months, it is unlikely that you will find a job immediately after graduating. Many students take up to 3 months after AA to find a job, and some take as long as 6. You sign an agreement saying you won't take on any full-time employment during that time, so make sure you are financially stable enough to commit completely to finding an engineering position.3. Do you actually like coding? If you already know that you're just looking for a quick path to a high-paying job, you'll probably get burnt out very quickly. Obviously you don't have to live and breathe code all the time, but make sure you're doing it at least in part because you find it genuinely interesting.As long as you've thought through these possible difficulties, App Academy is ultimately a rewarding experience that will leave you impressed with the incredible progress you can make in such little time. It's a lot of work, but in the end it definitely pays off.Read Less",app-academy
"After graduating college (2 years ago), I decided to pursue software engineering and taught myself through MOOCs, meetups, and attending small introductory workshops for people with a non-traditional tech background. It's safe to say that App Academy... Read More was by far the hardest yet most rewarding experience that I've had. I learned more in 3 weeks at aA than what I did in TWO YEARS of teaching myself. The thing that I admire most about aA is that they push your limits, they prove to you what your true capabilities are.. and the TAs are there to support you every step of the way. I remember looking weeks ahead during instructional, thinking, ""there's no way I could do that!!"" yet when that week's assignment flew by, I realized how quickly I adapted to the pace of the curriculum and managed to complete what I initially thought was impossible. This program isn't for everyone.. but if you know for a fact that this is something that you'd like to do and you're willing to devote yourself 100% for 3 months, then go for it! I absolutely loved it and would totally do it again!Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy is a great experience for me. I didn't realize how much I've learned until the full-stack project is built. Everyday you learn and code new stuff. The process is tough but rewarding. It's a fast-pace learning environment but you... Read More get full support from TAs. Most of curriculum is well structured, but some part is still getting improved, so it might cause a bit confusion sometimes.Overall, it's a right decision for me. If you plan to join, make sure to get enough rest &amp; sleep before starting the class because it's very important.Read Less",app-academy
"Be prepared to devote all your time in immersive programs. You are pushed to learn and absorb knowledge in a short period of time. Weekly assessment will exam your skills. If you fail more than one time, you will be asked to leave. TA here are extensions... Read More helpful. They are always patient , supportive , and provide tons of valuable suggestions. Students here come from different backgrounds but all passionate about coding and extremely hardworking. The study environment in A/a is great.Read Less",app-academy
"As the title reaffirms, App Academy is a bootcamp and will live up to the word's definition. You will be challenged day-in, day-out, and will frequently need to step out of your comfort zone - especially if you are like me and coming in from a non-CS/technical... Read More background. But you will also learn to embrace the structure and come to appreciate the way the curriculum is designed to optimize the amount you learn in such a short timeframe. While you'll mostly never feel entirely comfortable with any topic introduced before you're required to move on, the way everything compounds will eventually help you fill in these gaps and paint the bigger picture. And no matter what you do, you must NOT neglect sleep for any reason - you will not have time to make it up and it will deter your ability to learn and you will quickly dig yourself a hole you'll find hard to climb out of.App Academy's rigorous and challenging curriculum will probably be nothing like any other educational experiences you've had, and it's certainly not for everyone. But it will also be one of the most rewarding experiences you'll attain in terms of personal and professional (98% placed!) growth. They've also employed a team of passionate teaching assistants that are fully invested in seeing every student emerge successful. I know they certainly were instrumental in mine.Read Less",app-academy
"It's reputation for a demanding schedule yet quality curriculum might even be understated. The most valuable lessons I've learned were time management, keeping calm under pressure, and, most of all, learning how to fail. There have been many times when... Read More I've been disappointed in myself for not completing a daily project, and even a larger one, but the TAs have been so supportive and encouraging that I've learned to leave regrets behind for greater things ahead.The TAs they've gotten are extremely helpful and understanding; most of them have gone through the program themselves, so they help you prioritize and manage the workload, as well as give very helpful tips without giving away the answers. Plus they're good people in general too.One thing to consider: the curriculum is constantly changing and improving, so there will be some inconsistencies and confusion, especially because the NY and SF offices have to share the curriculum. But then again, that's like a real company, isn't it? Don't expect smooth-sailing; expect to be blocked and forced to find solutions to problems you don't expect to happen. That being said, though the frustrations mount, if you can learn to handle it all with grace, you'll come out from it all a very competent web developer and a very competent employee.Read Less",app-academy
"I just completed the curriculum and I feel great about what I’ve learned and what I can accomplish in the future. The TAs really care about your learning. They are supportive and easy-going, which makes all the difference when you experience bootcamp... Read More levels of stress. The lectures are interesting and the projects are by and large fun. Your classmates are also great because everyone is motivated to be there and works hard. When I started at App Academy, I did have some prior coding experience from college, but those classes had never gone well and I was not at all confident in my abilities. With the App Academy curriculum, I learned a bunch of languages and with the culminating full-stack project, I feel like I’m ready to start a career as a software developer.However, the curriculum is super intense and you always feel like you never have enough time in the day. That being said, it’s very important to get adequate sleep and take breaks. Even if you don’t feel like you can take a break. Do it, and do App Academy!Read Less",app-academy
App academy for me has been a great experience. You get to code and learn new topics everyday. You’re constantly building on things you learned before. You will get what you put into it. I learned a lot and just having finished my fullstack I feel really... Read More good. Tip for those who end up attending make sure you get enough sleep! I’ve seen people get burnt out and it is cause they weren’t getting enough sleep.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy has been a wild ride the entire time I've been there. I never saw myself as a math, science, or computer person. That has certainly changed over the last couple months though. All I've done the last three months is study and I have improved... Read More at a rate I never through possible. I'm so glad I went through this program.Read Less",app-academy
"I just finished week 9. It has been really fun and rewarding, especially when you learn new stuff and build programs/games/projects right away. You have no idea what is going on (for a while), but somehow it always works out just fine. Being able to code... Read More full-time is amazing on its own, and having a supportive environment is way better than fighting alone. Some tips for future students:- About your peers: Most of my classmates have some coding background or self-studied some languages, while others didn't code before attending aA. There are CS graduates, and people with non-tech background. It is a diverse group, but one thing is in common: everyone is pretty passionate about coding and wants to make it. - About prior experience: Some people have asked me if they can attend without coding experience. In my opinion, having prior experience or not is not the deciding factor. The most important thing is making sure that you really want this. People have different learning styles, so think about whether you like a fast-paced environment.- That being said, do consider the potential risk of being dismissed after two failures in assessments. We have 6 assessments in total. In our cohort and previous cohort, the dismiss rate is about 20%. - If you can, try to learn data structures and algorithms before you start aA. In aA, recursion is taught in one day. It is helpful to know basics such as Big O time complexity, sorting algorithms, etc. before you start this program. Two of the assessments are about algorithms (in Ruby and JavaScript).- I also hope I had known more CSS before I came in. CSS is relatively easy to learn on one's own, but there are so many details. In aA we don't learn a lot about CSS in the curriculum, just because it is not the focus of the curriculum. Core curriculum includes Ruby, Rails, SQL, JavaScript, React/Redux. But you do need to write HTML/CSS in your final projects.- Pair programming: At first I was skeptical, but it turned out to be the best thing about aA. I learned so much from my coding pairs.The job search curriculum starts next week. So I don't know yet.Personal story: I considered switching my career path to coding in 2013. But I thought it's impossible with my liberal arts background. So I didn't give it too much thought and pursued another path. But inevitably I came back to coding. I started to code more in 2016 but still hesitated about whether to apply for developer jobs. When I finally made up my mind it was kind of late. But better late than never... I am grateful for being able to make that decision. No matter the results, had to try. I think you don't have to attend a bootcamp. Just don't give up easily. Try to learn programming for several months and see if you enjoy it. If not, that's fine. Even if you really want to be in the tech industry, there are options: many other roles like marketing/design are fun rewarding jobs too.Read Less",app-academy
"One of the most intense 12 Weeks of my life. App Academy pushed me to my limit every day and I enjoyed every bit of it. Having a fast pace program kept me on my toes and constantly wanting to learn more. If you're willing to put in the work and love programming... Read More this boot camp is for you. The assessments may seem scary, but you will be fine if you put in the work.Read Less",app-academy
"The entire course is quite tough, but I've learned a lot through this course.",app-academy
"App Academy is not for everyone, there's no way around that central truth. It is mentally and emotionally exhausting to cover the amount of material at the pace that the course demands, and the stress only grows week after week. During my time in the... Read More course, the only times I wasn't at the office working were when I was commuting there, or asleep (this isn't an exaggeration). But if you can handle that, then the course is very rewarding. If you want to work at a high level for 12 weeks to get into a competitive, growth field, App Academy is certainly worth it. If the idea of not seeing your friends for 12 weeks while you're sitting in front of a computer for 12+ hours a day sounds like torture, the program might not be for you.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was probably one of the more challenging academic experience in my life. The pace of the course was no joke. Students were expected to learn and be able to understand that day's material. Be prepared to quickly absorb the materials since the... Read More next day will be something completely new. I would advise anyone who is not able to keep up with this pace to reconsider applying to App Academy. However, if you love coding and have aspiration to become a software developer, App Academy's rigorous course should be your number one bootcamp options as they push you to your limit and allow you grow independently as a developer. A roadmap advice for fellow future developers applying to App Academy: one, study up. The bootcamp says they will accept students even if they have not never code before. However, the coding challenges to get accepted in the bootcamp are not trivial. They will require some basic knowledge of a programming language. App Academy also offers a free JumpStart program or a Bootcamp Prep course that will prepare you for these coding challenges. If you have never coded before, I highly advise doing either of the programs I mentioned before. They are extremely helpful and you also get a taste of the App Academy's culture before joining. Great! You passed the coding challenges and the non-technical interview and are accepted into App Academy. Now what? It is very important to do and complete the Alpha Course before the start of the curriculum. Ninja advice, the Alpha Course will prep you well for the first two weeks, but you have to keep learning at a fast pace. You will not be doing just Ruby (the first language taught in App Academy) . If you have extra time before starting App Academy, my advice is to read up and look at some code for SQL and Ruby on Rails. This will smooth your transition from simple object oriented programming in the first two weeks to the first real web development process, backend development and database management. You are about to make an exciting decision in your life. Prepare for 80 to 90 hours a week of hard work. You will be living and breathing code. You will have no life, but you will form close bonds with your cohort. Mostly important, you will be having fun because this is what you have always dreamed of doing, so go out there and apply!Read Less",app-academy
"I had a great experience at app Academy. The material is pretty difficult and the pace is very fast but if you love to code, work hard, and stay positive, it will most definitely be worth your time. The people are great, the TA's are incredibly smart... Read More and helpful, and the material is amazing (and constantly being updated).Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been one of, if not the most intense and challenging academic experiences of my adult life. I'm really happy with the education I've gotten there, but there are a number of things to consider before you decide to attend.Stress: The 9 week... Read More curriculum covers a huge amount of content and most of it is challenging. Class is from 9-6, followed by several hours of homework each day. The weekends are mostly devoted to studying for upcoming assessments, which are held roughly every week. So beyond the normal stress that this amount of work induces, there's not really much or any time to take care of yourself by going the gym, hanging out with friends, sleeping, etc.Time Management: Even though the first 9 weeks of this course are highly structured, you will still need to manage your own time well. This includes giving yourself enough time to sleep, even if your'e not finished with all of the work due the following day. Weeks 7 &amp; 8 comprise a self directed project, and weeks 9 - 12 have very little structure at all. How much you get out of those last 5 weeks, and the amount of time it takes you to get job offers once the program ends all depend on your ability to manage your time well.Cost: aA now has several payment plans, some of which allow students to defer the bulk of tuition payment until they are employed as software developers. That said, the average job search takes between 3 and 6 months, during which those students are contractually restricted from part-time work. This means you will need to be able to afford food and housing, while not working for at least 6 months (the course + minimum job search). In New York. So even if this program was free, a large cost barrier still exists.Culture: Even though there's not a lot of time to socialize, the cohorts do tend to get pretty tight, and you will need to to help each other out a lot (emotionally and academically). In my experience, there was a strong culture of collaboration, not competition, which I think is strengthened by the emphasis on pair programming at aA. Okay, that stuff out of the way, you will learn more than you thought possible in the course. The instruction is fantastic, both in lecture and one on one settings. The curriculum also teaches you how to approach learning technologies not covered, which will be an essential skill upon graduating. Even though you will likely have to put in a decent amount of work after graduation in order to land a job, you will be well prepared to do so by the course itself. If you do decide to attend, you can mitigate a lot of the negative stuff above by preparing well. Attend either JumpStart of Bootcamp Prep. Be really thorough when going through the alpha curriculum prior to the cohort start date. Reach out to people who have gone through the program and ask lots of questions.Good luck!Read Less",app-academy
"I have just recently finished the coding portion of the bootcamp curriculum at the NYC campus. I have to say I am definitely surprised at how much I have learned in such a short span of time, but that was definitely not without daily struggle getting... Read More through as much of the day's material as possible. The curriculum is definitely grueling. The 70-90 hours of coding a week is a real thing and will leave you without almost anytime for anything else (social life, sometimes laundry, mealprepping). Even after doing 70-90 hours a week, you will have to learn to be okay with some concepts / ideas falling through the cracks as it is inevitable at the learning pace. Throughout the course I felt like I was barely keeping afloat during the material, as most everyone else was, as your TA's will tell you, this is normal. As we progressed through the course, I found myself understanding concepts later on through the week, and slowly found myself struggling with newer material at the tail end of the course. I started to feel not as strong as I did earlier on and worried that I would not be ready to tackle the fullstack project that is completed after the coding curriculum. That was completely not true, once we hit our projects I found out how much I learned and quickly was able to cover the knowledge gaps I did have beforehand just by working through the projects. Overall, I would say that attending this bootcamp can definitely be worth it if you feel as though you can put the time and work in. I would advise any incoming students to put in as much work in as you can as the weeks really do fly by.Read Less",app-academy
"Came in with expectations that the next 4 months would be challenging and overwhelming, and indeed it was. One thing I did not expect was the feeling of accomplishment along with joy when developing projects from ground up. A valuable takeaway when completing... Read More this program is to be able to self sustain and continue to learn more about what programming has to offer. And of course to get a job that you love to do.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is life changing. Your time there will be brutal but when you receive your first offer, you'll know immediately that it was all worth it. My cohort was filled with amazing people. Happy to say that I've made friends for life. They're one of... Read More the first people I reach out to when I can't solve a bug. Stay driven!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is both one of the intense and most rewarding things I've ever done. The amount you learn quickly is incredible, and in two months you can make a website. It's difficult, so don't take it lightly, but it definitely can turn you into a software... Read More dev in a few months.Read Less",app-academy
"I came into the program, like many others, as a career switcher. I had taken two intro level programming courses in undergrad before attending. The hours are rough - be prepared to spend at minimum 30 hours a week on top of the course completing homeworks,... Read More readings, and completing your projects. However, the instructors are more than helpful and there's nothing more motivating than surrounding yourself with some of the smartest people around. The course is very well laid out and each topic leads into the next which helps with absorbing the material. It's common to have to put your social life on hold while attending this course but the payout is definitely worth it!Read Less",app-academy
"I came into the program, like many others, as a career switcher. I had taken two intro level programming courses in undergrad before attending. The hours are rough - be prepared to spend at minimum 30 hours a week on top of the course completing homeworks,... Read More readings, and completing your projects. However, the instructors are more than helpful and there's nothing more motivating than surrounding yourself with some of the smartest people around. The course is very well laid out and each topic leads into the next which helps with absorbing the material. It's common to have to put your social life on hold while attending this course but the payout is definitely worth it!Read Less",app-academy
"I’ve thought about this day, the day I would write my review of App Academy, for a very long time. In the weeks before my cohort started I read many of these reviews in search of clues that would help me know what to expect and how to succeed. Wondered... Read More if I would ever get the opportunity to write one. Promised myself that I would only contribute to the pile if I made it all the way through the final and ultimate challenge: getting a job.I start Monday, so here goes.App Academy is a fucking rollercoaster and during moments of frustration, satisfaction, hope, despair, pride, humility, fun, fatigue, laughter, and crying I often thought: “MY FINGER IS ON THE MEDIUM POST”. Okay, that was only for the bad times. For both the good and the bad the thought was: “this is going in the review”. I can’t recall all of what I intended to say during those moments now and a Knausgaard-esque stream-of-consciousness account of my App Academy experience is not what these review sites are for. So I will organize my thoughts into categories and bullet points for maximum skimability.GENERAL:- Yes, you do work the crazy hours they say you do. I generally went to bed around midnight and was up at 7 or 8AM. 85-95 hours a week is accurate.- No, they are not scared of kicking people out. My cohort lost like 20 or 25+%? It can be emotional losing people you befriended. It is depressing seeing people who worked hard have to leave. A lot of it can seem like chance. Anxiety, illness, fatigue, or just having a bad day can make the difference between a pass or a fail. Your best defense against any of these factors bringing you down is simply to study extremely hard for the tests.- Yes, there is a deposit they don’t tell you about. - No, App Academy is not a scam. GOOD:- The TAs. They are all intelligent, articulate, and helpful. You get assigned a TA as an advisor/mentor and mine was above-and-beyond supportive and awesome (shoutout to Anastassia).- The other students. App Academy attracts a smart bunch of people from all sorts of different backgrounds. Seriously, everyone is so smart. It’s easy to bond with people and make friends when you are all going through the same crazy experience.- The Ruby and Rails curriculum (first 4 weeks) is excellent.- For me the full-stack project was the highlight of App Academy. It’s rewarding to see everything you have learned come together to create something real. And it feels great to be able to make your own direction and have some creative freedom.- You learn React which is hot right now and a big asset when on the job search.- App Academy was my only option when it came to bootcamps for financial reasons. It sounds corny but it felt like someone believed in me and was willing to put money behind it. This was encouraging and motivating during the hard times.- Practicing interviewing during the job search helped my anxiety and performance during interviews.BAD:- The JavaScript curriculum is a dumpster fire. It's like a hastily-assembled Sunday night book report. Whoever made it seems to have Googled around for definitions of various JavaScript concepts then stitched them together into new documents so App Academy could say it had its OWN JavaScript curriculum. Had to unlearn and relearn lots of JS later on.- There’s something to be said for all-JS bootcamps like Hack Reactor if you want to be a front-end dev (like me). But I also appreciated learning programming fundamentals in a language like Ruby where I am purely focused on problem-solving.- The pace and the learning style is not for everyone. I do not learn best through lectures and it takes a little bit of time for new concepts to settle in. So I found myself writing TONS of notes during lectures and asking for one-on-one help from TAs or other students when I needed it.- Parts of the job search can be very one-size-fits-all. I get why it is this way and that there needs to be accountability but it could be frustrating.- Algorithms lectures at the end of the course feel like trying to cram 4 years of CS concepts into your brain in two weeks. Lots of room for improvement in the instruction and the structure.- Constant stress, feeling like the dumbest person on earth because you are around such smart people, beating up your body from long computer hours.- Tehama.TIPS:- DO THE PREP WORK. Do it twice. Study with other people before you start. You want to come into this strong and passing the first few assessments puts you in a far less stressful situation.- Do the practice assessments a million times. Especially if you are a slower or weaker student like me. Don’t slack on the weekend! If you drill hard all weekend you probably will not fail.- Sleep. Your brain needs it to work right.- Ask about deposit assistance if you cannot afford the full $5k deposit. There are some diversity scholarships and other ways you can work it out with them.- If you get the opportunity to do JumpStart for your admissions process I highly recommend it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is definitely one of the most difficult programs to get into and stay in. Though I wish that they provided better individual support to its students at times during the core curriculum, they are invested into its students' success. In addition,... Read More the pace of the program keeps everyone on their toes - there's always something new to learn, no matter how ahead you may be. I'd recommend a/A to anyone who is confident in staying motivated and working in a lightning-fast environment. Otherwise, other boot camps may be better suited for students who need more time to absorb material or want a more relaxing experience.Read Less",app-academy
"I applied to App Academy in September 2017, and attended the January 2018 NYC cohort. I had no prior programming experience before coming to App Academy and I found the experience to be very rewarding. It was definitely a lot of material in a short period... Read More of time, however if you put in the time the course is very doable. I found the TA's to be very helpful and the curriculum to be extremely interesting. You get to work on a lot of really cool projects during your first 9 weeks, including your own full stack project.I would recommend App Academy to anyone who has a serious interest in programming, and willing to put in the necessary work to learning all of the material.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy in early 2018. Unlike many of my cohort-mates, I came in without any programming knowledge whatsoever. The curriculum moves incredibly quickly, but if you take it seriously and put in the hours, it's possible. If you're not a really... Read More speedy learner, maybe this isn't the program for you OR maybe you'll unlock something in yourself that pushes you towards the finish line. The assessment structure becomes very interesting very quickly. My cohort lost historically the most students due to test failures. It's always tough to watch your friends leave. However, studying for the assessments really helped me engrain the basics so I appreciated them a lot.I absolutely loved every minute of my time learning in this kind of environment, but I also tend to do well in stressful situations, so to each their own. Good luck!Read Less",app-academy
"I just finished coding curriculum after 9 weeks intensively learning. App Academy has designed a very disciplined curriculum that it pushes each student to learn, to grow and to excel. You can get dismissed if you fail two assessments and one retake.... Read More People here are smart and supportive. TAs are incredible. They know what they are teaching and most of them are patient enough to answers questions. Fellow students are also very very smart, especially most of them are from non technical background.Read Less",app-academy
"I started AppAcademy cohort on January 15th 2018 and just completed the main curriculum of the course (week 9). I would like to start off by saying that I had some knowledge of computer science. I had taken a course on SQL and basic C++ which indirectly... Read More helped me for the first week or two of AppAcademy (they taught Ruby in the beginning so there were common elements between them). However, I would like to stress that although it helped, it does not mean you can slack off. I consider myself pretty much an average student in the class during the whole main curriculum.I do believe the course is really intense. I also believe if you really put in the effort and really REALLY try to understand what is happening, the course is really not too hard. Assessments are always scary regardless. Two failures is pretty much where most people get dropped out. We lost like 10 out of 56 within the first two weeks. The schedule is basically lecture from 9 to 12 and then do paired programming classwork for remainder of the day. I'll list out a few key points that I learned and thought helped me:The first key point is to NOT GO OUT OF YOUR WAY to try and complete the daily projects. I know it sounds wrong but it is the a very very important lesson I learned. The instructors will tell you in the beginning that you do not have to complete the projects. Although it feels nice to complete one, the key point of paired programming interaction is to try to understand the material as a pair and mutually benefit. This means if one does not understand it, the one who does should be able to explain it well enough to him/her. This also helps the person explaining reinforce what they learned. You should not feel the urge to complete the projects. They were not made to be completed by most people attending the course but merely as a teaching guide. So really focus on trying to understand material and how it works. Try to do the projects to the best of you and your partner's abilities but do not try to over commit to it. Everyone also learn at different speed. Do not feel ashamed if you do not get to a part in the project that another group got to. You will all learn the same thing in the end. It is a cumulative learning experience.Another tip I learned was to always get your rest. So this and previous tip I mentioned were my mistakes in the first few weeks. I really tried to complete the work after class and cut down my daily sleep to approximately 5 hours per night on the first two weeks. I felt like I had to get a bit ahead in order to not fall behind. However, the end result was that my performance was worse the next day due to the lack of sleep and I actually get behind on that and the cycle just repeats. Set up a bed time schedule and stick to it. Whatever you are doing for the curriculum (except progress reports) is not urgent enough compared to it. If you did not understand something for the homework, they will explain it in class the day after. After I decided to stuck to my sleep schedule, I never really struggled on my work (except the first solo day, it was really rough though). I also gave up sleep to work on my full stack project. It ended up costing me two days of actual productive work.I guess the next tip would be to just do the work. It is long and grueling. There are no shortcuts to learning. Just do the work and do your best to understand the homework material. Concepts can be explained by the lecture the following morning or TAs. I can guarantee you that you would not fail if you diligently listen to the these tips. I honestly never read the project ahead or even look at the solutions after the end of the day. For homework videos, you should start using video speed player and get adjusted to the speed. You do not want to watch 3 hours of videos at normal speed. Slow down/pause at parts that you don't understand.I struggled mostly on week 1 where I really felt like I was underprepared. I did the precourse but there was a large gap until I actually started my cohort. I also was experiencing the struggles listed from the tips above. I struggled on the first solo day and first week of javascript since it was pretty new material coming at you really quickly. I honestly think I broke down maybe once or twice during my fullstack project. I was really sleep deprived and afraid that I won't complete my project (I do not think anyone really fully cloned their project but they did AMAZING work!). Stick to the tips even during fullstack project! I failed to do so.Read Less",app-academy
"I just finished the main portion of AppAcademy's full-time bootcamp in NYC (i.e. week 9 out of the full 12 weeks). I came into the program with about a year of experience tinkering with Ruby, Javascript, and Python, and some background in logic, and a... Read More long history of playing around with computers, but no academic CS background. My academic background is in the humanities (philosophy and theology) and I spent the first six years after college in grad school, then teaching, then working at a small magazine. The course is extremely intense. (I say this as someone who graduated in the top 10% of my class at Yale.) About 25% of my cohort was asked to leave because they couldn't keep up with the pace. That said, the instructors do a good job of helping you through each day, and the structure of the course itself, from one day to the next, is very thoroughly regimented. If you do the course, I recommend surrendering to the routine as much as possible. There is always more work to do—you will almost never finish a day's projects. The name of the game is to struggle for 14+ hours, get some sleep, and then struggle again the next day. You will work on weekends, you will not have a day off before week ten (and if you think you do, you're probably making a mistake). If you can keep up, you will find that the rate of your learning is really high.A typical day goes as follows: you arrive at the office by ~8:45am in advance of the morning checkin and go to your assigned seat for the day, with your partner for the day. 9 - 9:30am is spent doing a CSS exercise. 9:30 to about noon is spent in lecture (lectures have built-in Q&amp;A time, and a five minute break in the middle). Lectures cover everything from O(n) and implementing backend Auth to meta-programming in Ruby and state structure design in Redux. Lectures are generally reinforcement of the essential concepts from the previous night's readings and homework. This means they tend to be more basic, and more Q&amp;A oriented than the readings—as a result they can feel boring if you understood the readings right away, but the reinforcement is essential. At 12:30 there's a lunch break, which continues until 1:45pm. Some people work on homework during lunch, but the instructors encourage students to take the time to have a break. At 1:45 there's another checkin, after which you resume work with your partner, starting the day's projects. There are usually two or three projects, the first one deals with implementing the concepts in the day's lecture, and then the subsequent projects tend to be more advanced extensions of the same material. You will rarely get through the second project of the day. Many days you won't even finish the first. At 6pm an instructor dismisses the class and makes any announcements or reminders. After 6pm about 1/4 of the cohort will stay behind to complete their homework at the office. Most people go home to do the homework, which is usually ~3 hours, depending on the number of recorded lecture segments and readings. After finishing the homework, students are expected to review the solutions to the day's projects, and read through the next day's project instructions in advance.That's life for the first 7 weeks of the course. Assessments are usually on Mondays or Wednesdays. They're terrifying, very difficult to prepare for, and intense, but if you do what the instructors tell you to do to study, and use the provided resources, the test itself should go fine. In the 8th week the typical lecture/project/homework schedule goes away and students spend about 10 days doing individual full-stake projects. This building a production-ready clone of a major web application (facebook, airbnb, etc.) from scratch, on your own. Project presentations happen at the end of week 9, after which the jobsearch curriculum begins. This is three weeks of lecture, independent projects, application/interview prep, etc. (That's where I'm at right now). If I remember, I'll come back and update this review once some time passes so I can assess the program in light of its key promise: to help you get an engineering job. As things stand, it could hardly have been better, except in minor ways here and there (a few unclear assignments, a few weak lectures), but as a learning experience it's up in the top experiences of my life. Totally practical, radically empowering. I learned a lot. And continue to learn about as much in the past two months as I think I could have.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: the learning environment is incredible. I've never seen such dedicated staff that want to help you learn coding and help you get a job. At first, I thought the course was unfairly fast paced, but after a few weeks, I realized just how much knowledge... Read More I had accumulated. It also showed me that if I put in the hardwork, it will pay off which had me getting up early and going home late, but all for a worthy cause. I feel accomplished and eager to learn more about coding. Cons: I failed one assessment at AppAcademy and I have seen many of my friends fail out. I would only change the assessment fail policy where I would still say three fails in a row and you're out, but if you fail one and you pass the next three, you can clear your fail. I feel like it would relieve the pressure of passing assessments for students who got off on the wrong foot and gives them a chance to redeem themselves.Read Less",app-academy
"I checked out top 10 bootcamps and decided to go with App Academy and joined their Premium Bootcamp Prep Online and started learning JavaScript. It was really good experience. Instructors and TA’s are very supportive. The curriculum is also fine. Finally... Read More I finished the bootcamp and interviewed for full time software engineering program. First interview was technical and second non-technical. After a day I got an acceptance letter from App Academy for April 16, 2018 San Francisco cohort. The journey has just begun.Read Less",app-academy
"If you want to challenge yourself and see what you can achieve in just 3 months, this is the place for you.There are people doing well with little or no coding backgrounds. There are also people don't perform with better background.In the end of the day,... Read More it all comes down to how well can you follow the guidances, instructions, and how hard you work during the course. Among all the top students in my own cohort or other cohorts I found none working even a little less than the average. More often they are the hardest working ones.So if you want to come and prove your worth(as well as change your career and life), do be prepared. It will be a hard journey, but rewarding and amazing.Also be aware that this may not be for everyone. But if you pass the admission process and you didn't game the system you shall learn a ton and make this one of the greatest experiences of yours. (In terms of self-growth)Best regards, my future alumni. I will see you in the other end.Read Less",app-academy
"I would like to preface this but saying that App Academy has offered all aA graduates an App Academy zip up hoody for writing reviews on multiple sites (switch up, yelp, etc.) and showing their reviews (yes the actual reviews to an aA employee to verify... Read More they reviewed it) in order to receive the hoody. Take that for what it is and if students would be capable of providing honest and unbiased feedback.My experience at aA has its ups and downs. I would say the environment that aA has created is great. Maybe I was fortunate with my class but my classmates were great and the staff I worked with at the time were extremely helpful.My issues with aA has more to do with how it is run from a systematic level. So I will list a few things to see if aA is the right environment for you, after going through it, personally it was not the right environment for me.The curriculum is extremely fast paced and loaded with work. If you have no coding foundation, you will easily put 80+ hours a week if you want to keep up. If you don't understand something, you may ask a question, hopefully the TAs or your classmates can help you. If you learn well under stress, then aA will be a good fit. I reached a point where my foundation was not strong with databases and it all fell downhill from there. There was a domino effect of playing catch up while trying to learn the new material. It did not work for me as new material was continually being given but I was already trying to play catch up. That is not how I learn, and I know most students in the program felt the same way as well.They have recently switched their pricing strategy, so maybe they are working to change the culture but this comment is made with the deferred tuition in mind.aA is a business first so their goal is to pump out students and for you to get a job. aA doesn't earn money in most cases unless you get placed. With that being said, the job search curriculum is fully driven by you. The expectation is to send around 40 applications a week (they have a strike system to try and keep you to that). The career support is not as developed as I was hoping. Your assigned ""career"" coach would normally just touch bases with you once a week, see what you are up to and maybe give a suggestion. They have very few formalized events (meetups, workshops) for those who are still looking for work to make their candidates more attractive.During the job search period (period after you finish the 3 month program), you are not allowed to leave SF or NY of within 40 miles without consent as they considered that a violation of your contract. And you are not allowed to work while you are looking for a job. If the job search goes long (you are not allowed to work unless you receive approval), be aware of that coming in.It should be noted that the job search stats are not voluntarily audited by a third party. I would take the numbers they have listed with a grain of salt on job placement and salary. The bootcamp markets is growing extremely rapidly (more competition for entry level) and yearly computer science enrollment for undergraduate has increased 3 to 4 folds (again more competition for entry level position) so the salary for entry level is starting to depress (from talks with recent aA graduates).Knowing what I experienced now, I would not recommend aA to the everyday person. If you are software developer that wants to learn the new technologies in web development, I think it would be a good fit. But if you are the everyday person, I would recommend to look at other boot camps or other alternatives (college) because I don't think the fundamental structure of the curriculum is the best learning environment for most people (high stress, fast, pile on work). With that said, I wish you all the best to those who are considering making the switch to software! I was able to get a job, but I felt my biggest strides took place when the stress of the program was taken away personally. If you have questions, feel free to leave a comment, I hope the transparency I have provided has given you another perspective of these alternative education institutions.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy opened a door to a career in software development that I didn't even know existed (I had thought six-figure software engineering positions only came through traditional paths, such as four-year CS degrees, etc.).But, after leaving a career... Read More in finance, I'm now earning almost double what I was previously (plus I'm in a junior/entry-level role, so that should increase with time/experience), I'm doing something that I love, and I get to work in a relaxed environment (busy, for sure, but it's fun, without any of the stilted corporate rules, like a 50's-era dress code, etc., that I left behind in finance). I have App Academy to thank for this, hence the 5 stars.So I'm happy to report that it's all pretty much as advertised. It's a rigorous 3 month course that will consume your entire life at the time, but you'll learn a ton, make great friends, and be able to land a fun and lucrative position (eventually) to kickstart your new career in software engineering.That said, something that wasn't fully emphasized to me upfront is that the job search can become a long, drawn out, exhausting process that I found much harder and less rewarding (at least in the short term) than the 3 months of intense coding. I believe the ""average"" job search time estimated when I first applied was ""3 months"", which was then later verbally estimated at ""4 to 5 months"", and ultimately ended up being 10 months, in my case.Don't get me wrong; we had one student from our cohort who had a job within 2 weeks of graduating and a healthy number of others had new jobs within the first few months, but many others had job searches much longer than that. Some landed jobs at Google/YouTube, Yelp, Dropbox, etc., while others at smaller startups, and many took on temporary contract work or internships; there's not a single path here, so there's diversity in the success stories and App Academy is pretty flexible in supporting you however you get there.In other words, I'd keep that in mind and plan accordingly; you might get a job right away, but more likely it will take months, and could very well take almost a year to get an offer, in which case you need to be mentally/financially prepared for that going in. There's a lot of rejection involved when trying to get your foot in the door and all of these companies receive hundreds, if not thousands, of applications. If you're skilled at networking, you'll likely fare much better.You may have heard how much of a shortage there is for software engineers in the industry right now, but if you check out the job boards (or just attempt the job search), you'll soon find that the shortage is actually for experienced mid-to-senior level engineers, as there is an abundance of junior engineers coming from colleges, self-taught individuals, or one of the many bootcamps, which each churn out about 70 - 80 new junior engineers every three months, with largely the same technical background.In any case, even though it took me a grueling 10 month job search to finally fulfill the dream, I'd definitely do it again, love what App Academy's given me, and am really excited to grow in my new career.I can't recommend App Academy enough; just remember that it actually gets harder after the initial 3 month coding program and that you may not feel relieved or at rest until you ultimately accept an offer.Thanks, a/A!Read Less",app-academy
"I'd summarize aA as a rewarding experience, albeit one that was occasionally frustrating.I came in without any coding experience beyond the Alpha course, which is the curriculum that they require you to complete beforehand. I guess ""require"" is a bit... Read More of a strong term - the only hard requirements for aA were attendance and passing assessments, otherwise the only things to keep you doing the homeworks and readings were self-interest. That being said, I'd recommend doing the reading and homework; as far as I'm aware the most successful people in our cohort were those who did all of the work. I got a lot out of them. My classmates were great, pretty much all of them were smart and driven.The TA's were good too, although occasionally the lack of teaching experience showed. They were always approachable, though.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is incredibly demanding. If programming and web development are not your passion and becoming a professional software engineer is not your dream, don't apply. If it is however, prepare yourself to dedicate your life to programming for 3 months.... Read More You will learn a ton. You will get stressed out. But if it really is your passion you will also enjoy a lot of your time at App Academy. Being surrounded by incredibly talented people all working towards the same goal can be an inspiring and productive work environment. App Academy really does seem to care about your success and while some of that is undoubtedly because of the tuition model, a lot of it is just because of the great staff. There are some flaws in the curriculum and the occasional uninspired lecture (the curriculum is always in progress). The chairs, desks and computers are also not great. But a/A seems like they're always trying to take in as much feedback as possible and improve the program. I have just entered the job search portion and will try to remember to update this review after I have found employment. *I will receive an App Academy hoodie for writing this review but that was not dependent on the score I gave*Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been a great learning experience. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and the curriculum is tailored towards YOUR success. Having no prior experience, I walked into class thinking I had bit off more than I could chew. However, going through... Read More the daily pair programming sessions I learned more than I thought was possible in the short amount of time. It's stressful, and it's certainly hard, but it works. If you really want to dive into a career in software development, App Academy may be the right place for you. But be prepared to put in the time and effort required to succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"While trying to switch careers and knowing that the tech industry is where I wanted to be, I did a lot of research into what the best process was to get started. I didn't have a CS degree, and I knew nothing about coding. After speaking with a couple... Read More of tech recruiters in the industry, I was told that App Academy was one of the only bootcamps they take seriously enough to hire straight out of with no previous experience. So speaking as someone who knew nothing coming into App Academy, I feel it's important to stress that they are not kidding when they say it's intense. You will spend on average 100 hours a week trying to learn new technologies at such an intense rate that you'll constantly feel a step behind. I personally loved my experience and am so glad I did it because I learned so many new things, am very proud of what I've accomplished, and truly feel as if I've learned the technologies enough to reproduce results at my next job, but it's not for everyone. I highly recommend it for anyone serious about switching careers and would tell you to not to count yourself out if you don't know a thing about coding coming into it, but keep in mind that if you can't handle 100 hour weeks or giving up your weekends and social life to learn how to code, this bootcamp is not for you. It will become your life for three months, but if you can get through it and want a change in your life that's both financially beneficial and intellectually stimulating, you should definitely apply! Again, I loved my time here and would do it again given the chance, but I feel like it's important to know up front what you're getting yourself into.Read Less",app-academy
"I applied to App Academy in December 2016 and attended the May 2017 cohort. I graduated in August 2017, worked at App Academy for a few months, and accepted a job offer in January 2018. Similar to you, I read lots of reviews beforehand and stressed about... Read More many details before deciding on taking the risk, moving to San Francisco, and spending 80-100 hours a week at this place.I read these reviews and my basic impression was that it would be really, really hard. Like a year of college crammed into 3 months. While this is kind of true, I underestimated how much the family and community aspect of App Academy would help. There are weeks where you have to essentially code from morning until night with not much time for anything else. After you learn everything you need to build apps, you learn how to get a job. That entails applying to dozens of postings every week, and it could take months. Throughout this entire process, I felt like a freak, but had 70 friends right alongside doing it with me. They helped me when I was stuck, and more importantly, brought me up when I was down. I don't know if I could've ever pushed myself that hard to get a job on my own, but with my cohort, the process was streamlined and almost (dare I say it) fun.App Academy teaches a really diverse range of topics so the constant work you're doing is never boring. It's hardly even repetitive, and in fact, you will likely not fully understand most topics until you get to practice them again after the curriculum is over. In the end, App Academy didn't just teach me how to use React and Ruby on Rails. They taught me how to program, how to binge-learn any framework or language, how to speak to others in the field, and how to value myself, find a job, and negotiate as a Software Engineer. It was an absolute life changer in the best way. After going through it, I'm convinced anyone can do it, not just those technically inclined, and have been pushing the idea on all of my old friends who are stuck in a post-college rut with debts to pay.Summed up, if you're the type of person that looks at anything and wonders ""How does that work?"", then coding is for you. If the idea of coding makes you think ""Where do I even start?"", then App Academy is for you.Read Less",app-academy
"It was amazing full stack coding experience with Ruby, JS, SQL and CSS. You will learn a lot in a very short period of time. You would be expected to work 90 hours a week!If 90 hours a week is to much for you don't even think about a/A. The huge curriculum... Read More combined with the fast pace. For me the best part was algorithms.AppAcademy will challenge you with the speed and depth of learning. You would be expected to build a 100% full stack website by the end of the program, even if you don't know anything right now. Be ready, this is stressful. There are 6 different assessments during curriculum. If you miss two you will be dismissed. Please be aware that this an environment where, once you fall behind, there is no catching up. I believe this was the most challenging education in my life.Read Less",app-academy
App academy was an awesome experience. You'll learn something new everyday and you'll be surrounded by driven and focused peers. The course is super fast paced and difficult (even compared to other bootcamps) so you'll find that on top of technical skills... Read More you'll also build on your time management and communication skills as well.Indeed the course can be stressful at times but if you go into it with a positive attitude and an appetite for learning you'll succeed!Read Less,app-academy
"Most of what you hear about app academy is true, it's incredibly stressful, with long hours and a demanding curriculum, but very much doable.There are many resources at app academy, but I think the curriculum combined with the fast pace are the biggest... Read More strength. For me, coding was something I was always eager to get into, but didn't know where to start. App Academy will get you that start and quite a bit further. You WILL build a functioning website by the time the program is over, even if you don't know anything right now. Make no mistake, this is stressful. Please be aware that this an environment where, once you fall behind, there is no catching up. If you don't complete something, you have to put it on the ground and you don't come back to it until after the program is done. But also bear in mind pretty much everybody has fallen behind by the end of the course. This is normal. It feels like chaos, but there IS a plan. They DO know what they're doing, you guys just gotta remember, you're human beings, and your brains are crazy, stupid powerful. Keep your fingers on the keys and your nose on the monitor. It's a back and forth thing. This is really hard. But you can do it. But it's really hard. But you can tooooottally do it.Anyway, they told me if I write a review I could have a sweatshirt, and I want that sweatshirt. I loved my time at app academy, I earned that graduation date, I want that logo on a f@%&amp;ing sweater.Read Less",app-academy
"Choosing App Academy was one of the best decisions of my career. After being a post graduate with a degree in film, I was not sure with what to do to progress my career in the direction I want to go - job security and financial stability. That is when... Read More I decided to join App Academy. This program is one of, if not the best, coding bootcamps. With that being said, the course is rigorous and extremely fast paced. But, if you are dedicated and have the drive to pursue becoming a software developer, then you will definitely be able to do it. This is coming from a person with zero software developing experience prior to this program. I did not finish because I was the smartest, I was able to stay in the program because I had enough work ethic and will. You can do it!Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, I had a positive experience with App Academy. Each day I felt like I was learning new things. However, there were also many days when I felt that I was a little too lost to extract much value from the day. I felt that the nightly course readings... Read More could be improved. The projects could also be improved, as they tended to oscillate between being too vague or too explicit instructions-wise. In my opinion, the daily structure was somewhat tiring with usually a very long lecture in the morning and then an entire day of working with a partner afterwards. It would be more helpful to have the lecture broken up over the day. The instructors are mostly helpful, but not all of them are very good at explaining programming concepts. I don't yet feel completely confident in my software development abilities, but I definitely think that I learned more at App Academy than I would have on my own. Full disclosure, I will be given a hoodie by App Academy for writing a review.Read Less",app-academy
"As a potential student, If you're worried about your knowledge of code after just 12 weeks, stop your doubts and come try out for App Academy! The help from all the staff as well as the immersion into the code that you experience will help guide you to... Read More becoming a very sound Full Stack Developer! Not only do you receive a lot of support from the staff, your fellow students are right there with ya throughout the duration of the program! 10/10 would recommend!Read Less",app-academy
"The title says it all. Before App Academy(a/A), I was such an lazy person, passively looking for jobs, but ever since I attended a/A, everything has changed. I entirely quit my bad hobbies. In stead, I've spent my whole day coding. I never coded this... Read More much before. I've become so productive in a very nature way. When you decide to join a/A, you should also decide that you will be giving up other things for your bigger purpose. Yes it is difficult, and even when I fortunately have coding background before, I still found it very challenging. An advise I would give to you is: if you don't have coding background, and you think you are not ready. DON'T force yourself to be ready because this course will be overwhelming than you would expect. If you live far away and feel unsure, you should take some more time getting yourself familiar to coding before attending. You don't want to move here and realize that you cannot make it. As you already know, It costs a lot in SF.However, to me, I don't regret my decision.Read Less",app-academy
"Hello all!I was once in your shoes looking to see if App Academy was the right bootcamp for me. Well, you're in luck. I'm going to spend the next ten minutes giving you a quick rundown on my thoughts on this program. A quick note of disclosure, I will... Read More be receiving an a/A branded sweater for posting a review but fear not, that review is completely unbiased and independent of that.As a bit of background, I come from a STEM background (Mech/Aero. Eng) and have been working professionally for about seven years before taking the plunge with very minimal programming experience. The stories you hear on the program isn't a bluff. It definitely moves at a fast pace to try to shove as much information into you. TLDR: You will learn alot in a very short amount of time. This program is really about you getting the most out of it so be prepare to work for it. If this is your dream, if this is your passion, then follow through on it.App Academy is tough, make no mistake about it. I never felt entirely comfortable with the material until a couple of days later and by that time the course may have moved into something completely new. The dreaded assessments are there to make sure you understand the bare minimum as the material stacks upon itself (and in all honesty, I feel is why a/A graduates are very strong as you are forced to practice the material repeatedly to truly understand it). The material you cover will be shallow/medium depth, touching surfaces of various technologies and topics but let face it, you will be learning so much including just the ability in how to tackle new problems or to learn new technologies. The lectures and readings are very strong and but the key in all this is the immersive pair programming, tackling difficult programs with your cohort mates although you an buzz in a helpful TA if you get truly stuck. I'm currently at week 8 but I can truly say I feel like a software developer. As long as you can keep up with the material, I think you will be fine. I usually got around 6 hours of sleep a day.a/A gives you everything you need to become a junior level Software Engineer and it really is up to you to decide how much you can get out of it. Good luck on your journey and happy coding! I will provide a further update on the Job Support part of the curriculum as I enter it.Read Less",app-academy
"This program was the best possible way for me to web development, but was incredibly challenging.App Academy's curriculum is structured almost perfectly, and there is no shortage of opportunities to practice what you learn. That being said, 12 weeks is... Read More a very short time, and the volume of material itself can get incredibly overwhelming. If you put in the time and effort and are willing to dedicate the three months to exclusively investing in this program, you WILL get what you put in. Recovering from falling behind is incredibly difficult as well, but not insurmountable.Aside from the curriculum itself, the culture of App Academy provides a very fun and engaging learning environment. Your peers become your good friends, and the instructors are all very friendly people who have a genuine interest in helping you learn.Read Less",app-academy
"These past few months have been quite a journey. This bootcamp will push and challenge you in ways you didn't think were possible. I went from knowing little to nothing about programming to creating a full fledge application in under two months.App Academy... Read More is very selective of their enrollees right from the start during the admission process. Although the experience differs for each student, it typically involves submitting a coding challenge on a few common problems once you're ready. If you make through that part, you have to endure a technical interview where you cover a few more problems live over Skype followed by a non-technical interview to assess what makes you a candidate for their program.If accepted to the program, you go through an at-your-pace online alpha curriculum that covers the basics of programming before you start the bootcamp. The bootcamp covers three months of education: 8 weeks of the coding curriculum followed by 4 weeks of projects/job search curriculum. During the 8 weeks of coding curriculum, you will learning everything you need to know about the fullstack process from backend to frontend. Also, during these 8 weeks, you will be tested on your knowledge of the material every 1 to 1.5 weeks through an assessment. Failing two assessments will dismiss you from the program. Even the brightest of students fail an assessment. The assessments are there to help maintain the quality of students coming out of App Academy as well as provide structure for students.The structure is something you cannot get out of learning the material on your own. It forces students to learn the material as well as learn how to learn new material as technology changes in the job market. Every day, you go through a lecture in the morning starting at 8 AM followed by programming (usually paired) till 6 pm. Every night you will have readings and homework. During the day, App Academy has a strike system that ensures you are focused on learning, being present and doing your homework. This is also another area that can get students dismissed if they accrue enough strikes. Despite all these challenges, the time you have at App Academy will be among the best in your life. You will make great friends who will be your network entering the job market. The staff is also very dedicated to ensuring you succeed in the job market as an eventual software developer. They're always on hand to help answer any questions you have about the material or the program. Nearly everyone on staff has also gone through the curriculum and know of its challenges. They have also seen the program work for many students. Make no mistake, this program will push you. This program is not for everyone. Everybody comes to App Academy for a reason. Make sure your reason for attending is strong. If you are really interested in pursuing a career in programming and willing to go through pains and joys of learning to be a software developer, apply today for the program. It will change your life.Read Less",app-academy
"Within 2 months I went from zero programming experience to being able to create an entire website from scratch. I think it's incredible what App Academy has taught me in such a short time span.Of course, given such a short window, it's impossible for... Read More them to teach you everything there is to know. The real value of the program is they teach you how to think and to learn programatically. App Academy promises only one thing, to be able to make anyone into an entry level software developer. It will not be the end of your learning experience but it provides a hell of a start. I love the program, but it is not for everyone. These last 8 weeks have been the hardest of my life. You can't afford to fall behind because there is a very real possibility of failing out.If you've read all of that and you still think App Academy is for you, then I could not recommend it more. It has been an excellent experience and I'm genuinely excited to change the course of y life.Read Less",app-academy
"The crown jewel of app academy is its curriculum and structure. They provide you with the tools to learn everything and help when you're stuck, but are hands off enough that you can really pick things up yourself. Yes the course is arduous and stressful,... Read More but I believe that's by design. People tend to retain information more when they're stressed out, and the proof of that is show by how much everyone is able to absorb by the end of the 12 weeks. The job search curriculum is a great transition for students to move from a lot of structure, to less structure, to then no structure once the 12 weeks are officially. As a fresh graduate, I would definitely recommend app academy to aspiring developers.Read Less",app-academy
"I came into App Academy knowing practically nothing about coding having taken a single online MIT course for Python but nothing more than that. Before starting the course I had read reviews about that stated how intense the curriculum would be, and now... Read More that I am finishing up the curriculum, I can say that it truly is a lot. The course runs you through a bunch of languages and libraries in a short amount of time but does so in a way that works for most people. That being said, you have to make sure that you are ready to work. If you do not put in the time, you will more than likely be released from the curriculum. With that being said, the entire team is there to support you as much as they can. They will sit down and provide needed explanations if you ask them to and, if you are like me, that is incredibly helpful.I had a fantastic experience here but I must say it is not perfect. The course is 3 months total but they fit the entire learning portion of this into the first 2 months. I wish it was 4 months and we had a little extra time to learn and understand some concepts from a more foundational level, but now that responsibility falls on to the student after graduation. Also, the last month is all about getting ready for the job search and that month has you juggling what feels like a dozen different things at once and is easy to fall behind.To sum all of that up: App Academy is a ton of fun, you learn more than some do throughout an entire college experience and you come out ready for a job. 9/10 Experience to me.Read Less",app-academy
"Before App Academy (a/A) I was in a field that made a fair amount of money but stressed me out and gave me little sleep. I was a hobbyist programmer that taught myself C++ and Objective-C but I knew that web development was something that I needed to... Read More know to succeed as a programmer. So I decided to start reading up on short web development programming schools. I applied and was accepted to each 'boot camp' I applied to--including a/A and Hack Reactor. I picked a/A because I was focused more on how well I perceived their job search support to be. At the time, I felt that I really wouldn't learn too much programming principals but instead learn some frameworks and syntax with whatever boot camp I applied to. Well I was wrong. I learned things like recursion and time complexity at a/A. I don't know how long it would have taken me to even know these things existed if I was learning solely on my own. They are very encouraging throughout the entire process, but especially during the job search. That's not to say they hold your hand throughout the process--you're expected to be a self-starter and ask questions if you're behind. They are more than willing to help, but you've got to ask questions. One thing that I had mixed feelings about was the attrition rate (or amount of people that either got kicked or left the program.) When I signed up the a/A website said attrition was around 5%, now it says it's around 10%. But for my cohort and the cohort before mine it was about 20%. For me, this is a risk that I would not have taken if I knew it was this high. It's 3 months without work and no security that you will be allowed to continue through the program unless you pass all 6 assessments. From my cohort most people that failed out failed either to not putting in the work or being overly stressed about it and either not getting any sleep or overthinking the solutions. Much of passing the tests are memorization. The positive to this is that they are very selective (3% admittance rate like the other top boot camps) but in contrast to the other boot camps this one will continue filtering out students that they feel aren't going to work out in programming where as others will just push them through it. This makes the a/A brand an extremely strong mark on your resume. Overall, I suggest attending this boot camp if you have confidence in your ability to program going into it, but perhaps take a few timed tests or join their Jump Start or boot camp prep program to see if you will cut it if you're unsure.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is everything they say it is-- it is demanding, rigorous, rewarding, all-consuming, high-stress, difficult, very fast, and satisfying. It’s stressy. But the thing about stress is that it can make you grow. This is a data-driven insight, based... Read More in real neuroscience-- it's evolutionarily adaptive for people to be imprinted with vivid memories when experiencing raised stress levels. Being confronted with more material than you could possibly work through in the time allotted is both intimidating and inspiring, and App Academy will often introduce new material before old has had a chance to sink in-- this means that you always have a ton going on in the background. Maybe that’s why a majority of the class has literally had dreams about code-- I had one just last night about a non-existent interactive blue screen of death app! You end up with little option but to work on code from roughly 9a until 10 or 11p most nights, as well as studying all weekend. it's literally not possible to keep up otherwise. If you don't like other people controlling your schedule, this isn’t great. But nonconformists can do well here. Myself, I come from a background in nightlife and production, and found it easy to not really go out for three months. I’ve never been much for structure, I can barely enjoy bowling, what with their ‘lanes’ and ‘scoring systems.’ But having a path hewn ahead of us through the jungle of code education has been extremely helpful in helping me stay focussed and avoid wasting time-- they really do point you directly towards engagement with concepts that will get you producing good work, learning more fundamental concepts, and collaborating well with others.Like all school, you get out what you put in. But unlike some other boot camps, if you don't put enough in, you'll be asked to leave-- our cohort shed about ten people who failed the high-pressure, closed-book, timed assessments who either had crippling test anxiety, poor time management, attempted to party or do other work during the cohort, or, more rarely, couldn't absorb the material. It's up to you whether this is more of a motivation or an inspiring call to fluency under time pressure than something that freaks you out and makes you want to cry. If you don’t like high-pressure testing, there may well be other boot camps that are a better fit, which would not mean you're dumb. Some people who've been asked to leave after failing assessments (with a relatively generous prorated refund and kind words) have gone on to be TA's at other boot camps!While being demanding on your time, App Academy also asks for a lot of independence. Much of the curriculum is written in a relatively terse style that demands the reader both be able to read closely through dense instructions and to be comfortable doing more and more independent research as the curriculum goes on, just like a real dev. The teachers are available to get you unstuck, but you’re encouraged to learn more about solving your own problems every day, and when coding in pairs, you will do tons of mutual troubleshooting, basically proving to each other that you can both teach and learn-- it is very normal to just engage with whoever’s closest to you about whatever bug you’re in the middle of, and people uniformly treat that as an opportunity to practice teaching and cement knowledge than as an interruption. The job search requires you to have a lot of discipline and follow-through, and it is very likely you will continue self-educating exhaustively throughout your career. Is it for everybody? No! But if it's for you, it's the best place you could be.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is everything they say it is-- it is demanding, rigorous, rewarding, all-consuming, high-stress, difficult, very fast, and satisfying. It's a massive commitment, but for many people, the commitment does pay off-- I have friends who have gotten... Read More Real Jobs right out of aA with no prior coding experience, within the stated NYC salary range. The hype is real-- App Academy is debatably the best boot camp in NYC, definitely in the top three. And as the field gets more crowded with entry-level devs, I think that the outcomes for graduates of less demanding programs are not nearly as positive. If you're going to do this thing, why not do it all the way?Like all school, you get out what you put in. But unlike other boot camps, if you don't put enough in, you'll be asked to leave-- our cohort shed about ten people who either had crippling test anxiety, poor time management, attempted to party or do other work during the cohort, or, more rarely, couldn't absorb the material. It's up to you whether this is more of a motivation or an inspiring call to fluency under time pressure than something that freaks you out and makes you want to cry. If you don’t like high-pressure testing, there may well be other boot camps that are a better fit, which would not mean you're dumb. Some people who've been asked to leave after failing assessments (with a relatively generous prorated refund and kind words) have gone on to be TA's at other boot camps!The thing about stress is that it can make you grow. This is a data-driven insight, based in real neuroscience-- it's evolutionarily adaptive for people to be imprinted with vivid memories when experiencing raised stress levels. Being confronted with more material than you could possibly work through is both intimidating and inspiring, and App Academy will often introduce new material before old has had a chance to sink in-- this means that you always have a ton going on in the background. The majority of the class has had dreams about code-- I had one just last night about a non-existent interactive blue screen of death app! You also end up with little option but to work on code from roughly 9a until 10 or 11 (at least) most nights, it's literally not possible to keep up otherwise. If you don't like other people controlling your schedule, this isn’t great. But nonconformists can do well here. Myself, I come from a background in nightlife and production. I’ve never been much for structure, I can barely enjoy bowling, what with their ‘lanes’ and ‘scoring systems.’ But having a path hewn ahead of us through the jungle of code education has been extremely helpful in helping me stay focussed and avoid wasting time-- they really do point you directly towards what will get you producing good work, learning more fundamental concepts, and collaborating well with others.While being demanding on your time, App Academy also asks for a lot of independence. Much of the curriculum is written in a relatively terse style that demands the reader both be able to read closely through dense instructions and to be comfortable doing more and more independent research as the curriculum goes on, just like a real dev. The teachers are available to get you unstuck, but you’re encouraged to learn more about solving your own problems every day, and when coding in pairs, you will do tons of mutual troubleshooting, basically proving to each other that you can both teach and learn-- it is very normal to just engage with whoever’s closest to you about whatever bug you’re in the middle of, and people uniformly treat that as an opportunity to practice teaching and cement knowlege than as an interruption. The job search requires you to have a lot of discipline and follow-through, and it is very likely you will continue self-educating exhaustively throughout your career. Is it for everybody? No! But if it's for you, it's the best place you could be. I am quite sure that learning this amount of stuff would have taken me at least a year independently, and that there would have been much longer periods of feeling stupidly stuck. People who do well here tend to have had some contact with STEM in college or previous jobs, stay positive without much rest, are more excited about code than they are the idea of a huge income, are really good communicators and pleasant to be around, don't tire of reading a lot, have some sense of design, are able to call out of almost all work and social engagements for a few months, and respond well to being asked to just try as hard as they can.Read Less",app-academy
"I decided to enroll at App Academy to jump start my career change to software engineering. I have a graduate degree in another professional field, and had been working in that field for five years. Given my established career, I had reservations as to... Read More whether the course would be challenging enough to warrant the expense and time commitment.My concerns were quickly alleviated once the course began. App Academy's curriculum is rigorous and challenging. The daily work load is basically endless, and you can learn as much as you have the energy for. After completing the course, I do not believe there is any other way I could have learned so much in the same amount of time. The curriculum forces you to push yourself, and in the end, you will be a competent developer.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall ExperienceI personally thought App Academy was incredibly fun precisely because of how challenging it was and it really was challenging. You are surrounded with incredibly bright people, with very interesting backgrounds, and you will push each... Read More other to get better everyday. CurriculumThe curriculum is easily the strongest part of App Academy. It is truly incredible how much knowledge you will walk away with if you are able to pace yourself and be consistent in doing all of the readings and preparing for the lectures everyday. They offer a lot, but they also require a lot out of you and it is difficult to keep up unless you are able to motivate yourself everyday.Luckily they provide intrinsic motivation due to pair programming and assessments. Knowing that you have to work with a different person everyday helps you make sure to try to get a good understanding of the subject matter so that you don't slow your partner down. Most importantly knowing that you could be kicked out by failing too many assessments will also motivate you to keep up. This was a main motivator for me attending, because I knew it would always keep me on my toes.At the end of the main curriculum you will be able to build a fullstack web application that is dynamic, complex, and impressive. That ten day project will be one of the most tiring experiences of your life, but you will be quite proud when you are done. Be sure to celebrate with your cohort mates when it's over.DiversityI added this category because I think it's important to note that App Academy is below average when it comes to racial/gender diversity. My cohort was about 5% women and 10-15% non white/asian. This did not affect my experience at all, as someone from an under-represented group, but I cannot speak for everyone and thought it should be noted for others considering App Academy.InstructorsThe instructors are usually App Academy grads. There is a question button during pair programming, which calls over a TA to assist you when you and your partner are stuck. They are all very cool, helpful, and the lectures are incredibly informative. The lectures will usually go over the reading and assignments for the night before and introduce some new material for the day ahead, so make sure you come prepared. Job AssistanceThe Job Search Curriculum in the last three weeks can feel a bit anticlimactic. You've just spent 9 weeks going 100mph and then all of the sudden things slow down quite a bit. It can be a good thing because everyone is a bit burnt out from the fullstack project, but I wish there was a way to keep a similar pace going. Here you will work on your portfolio, build a nice online presence, learn how to approach networking, applying, negotiating etc. Don't come in thinking App Academy is going to provide you with all kinds of contacts and connections. I don't think they have any more ability to get you a job than any other bootcamp. However, they have a great reputation with companies in NYC and SF and a huge alumni network in those respective cities. I attended App Academy in NYC and I can tell you there are companies that only hire App Academy grads because the curriculum is more in depth and the projects are more impressive. OutcomePersonally, I applied to 305 jobs, had 6 phone screens, 3 on-sites, 2 offers, and landed an awesome job at a startup in NYC 3 months after graduating and I couldn't be happier. The job search is an absolute grind, but don't get discouraged. Just stick with it, apply everywhere, and don't say no to yourself! You never know who will get a job, even if everyone applies to the same one. There is a lot of luck involved and each person is unique even though you all graduated from the same course.Be financially responsible, make sure you have enough of a safety net so that you can focus, and it'll all come together in the end.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was definitely the hardest 3 months of my life. At times it was a bit brutal, with 10% of our cohort getting kicked out before the end of the program. The program is certainly not for everyone, but if you are a fast learner AND can dedicate... Read More pretty much your entire life to the program, you can get a job as a Software Engineer after this program. You certainly are expected to work as much as you everyday. Everyone is incredibly smart and motivated; I went to a top school in the United States, but found my peers here to be heads and tails above my university peers.That being said, they do deliberately pace the course so that you can keep up -- pushing you to the brink and then giving you a few days for the material to sink in. I was also able to take a small handful of days off, but some are unable to do so. I had absolutely NO computer science background before attending, and ended up getting a job within the first month following the program, so this program DEFINITELY fulfills its promises.Read Less",app-academy
"I learned a lot from this program. CS skills that vary from frontend React/Redux CSS HTML to backend languages ruby, rails, Js. Although it was a concise time period I was able to grasp most of the things taught.",app-academy
The pros:Working with a group of motivated individuals is infectious and has you working as hard as you can to learn and understand the curriculum.The sheer density of how much you learn and run through is incredible given the time constraint.Instructors... Read More are kind and knowledgeable of every topic. They are also understanding that some students (myself included) have little to no experience.Cons:The pace at which the course moves can be overwhelming. Be ready to learn or you will be left behind. I recommend the bootcamp prep. It would have been nice to have a couple more weeks to fully understand certain topics.Neutral:Job Search is just starting. Will update this review in the future.Read Less,app-academy
"I am a student 9 weeks into the full-stack curriculum at the New York location. If I remember, I will go back and edit this after going through the job search. I have greatly enjoyed my time at App Academy so far. Looking back, it is astounding how much... Read More ground we have covered in that time. Myself and all my classmates have just finished our full stack web applications—and it amazes me how far we were able to take them. I remember sitting in the classroom on the first day, apprehensive and excited to start learning… since then it has been a whirlwind of learning and doing. You will look back and marvel at how far you have come in so little time. That being said, this program is hard work. You will need to steel yourself for long nights and stressful exams and projects. Some, of course, will have an easier time than others depending on your background and how well you’ve prepared for the bootcamp. But at one point or another, everyone who gets through puts in a lot of time and effort to do so.I have often been running on 5-7 hours of sleep—less on particularly intensive nights. I estimate I’ve put in roughly 80-90 working hours a week (more if you include my commute each day). If you want to keep up and get all the readings/activities done, expect to be spending many hours learning and coding. Fortunately, if you’re anything like me and most of my cohort-mates, then you’ll enjoy learning software development. By this point you’ve probably read a lot of reviews telling you App Academy is hard for many people. This is true. Some do not make it to the end. About 15 people from our class failed two assessments and a retake and were asked to leave as a result. However, I am a firm believer that if you’ve gotten through the applications process at App Academy, you have what it takes to make it to the end. If you end up going to App Academy, please believe in yourself, and work your ass off. A good number of my classmates failed the first assessment (by far the easiest one), bunkered down, and killed the rest. Do not be discouraged if you stumble. I’d like to close my review with some advice for prospective students. I have done fairly well with the program thus far and think it is prudent of my to share some of my preparation and study strategies that got me to where I am.1.	If you’re looking for introductory materials, I definitely recommend the MIT eDX course, ‘Introduction to Programming in Python’2.	Do as much preparation as possible. Of particular help to me was training fundamentals in Ruby on codewars. Aside from that, do what interests you from the options below:a.	Learn HTML5 and CSS3 at least to a basic level. In particular, learn the basic input types for html and how to use flex in CSS (look up flexbox froggy). If you can, try and recreate static versions of popular webpages from pure html and css.b.	Learn SQL. We did this is about half a week, but it was pretty rough for some. If you’re dedicated, you can do the same and not have to stress about it during the course.c.	Learn about the Model, View, Controller design pattern and its advantages/tradeoffs. Research ruby/rails or some other framework and see if you can learn the basics of app development. I would not recommend doing this before having a solid grounding in all the fundamentals though.d.	For the mathematically inclined with time before the course begins, go follow along with an algorithms course online. Learn big-O notation and algorithmic analysis. I personally followed along with the free MIT OCW lectures and assignments for 6.042J with Tom Leighton and 6.006 with Srini Devadas. If you already feel comfortable with basic programming and want to be ahead of the game for the job search, this is a good option for you. e.	If you really want to go the extra mile like me, go ahead and read a design patterns book (I used Head First Design Patterns, but Gang of Four is the canonical work to reference)3.	During the course, hit the ground running and do all the readings you can. Definitely drop all other responsibilities (or as many as possible). You don’t want to be dealing with anything else while tackling the curriculum. If you have a decent commute, it will be fairly impossible to do anything else. Speaking of the commute, preload the readings and download the videos they give you so you can watch them offline on your way there/back. If you can, study in the office around others where you can ask your classmates questions. If the homework is taking you too long, just send it up and put it away—you will be going over the material in greater detail tomorrow. 4.	Lastly, and most importantly: Make friends! You have the opportunity to study alongside many with similar motivations and career goals. Your classmates will be among your greatest resources during the course and moving forward. The people who are thriving in my cohort are largely those who made an effort to be social work with their classmates. Coming in to week 9, I can count a number of my them as good friends who I can expect to keep in contact with for years to come. For that reason alone, it was worth it to me to attend App Academy, and they’ve made my time here feel so nice. Good luck to all applicants and soon-to-be students!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy (NYC) was the best investment I've ever made. If you're willing to put in the time, you will come out having learned more than you thought possible. Make no mistake, it is a big time commitment. You should be fully prepared to spend a month... Read More doing prep work, then 9 weeks of 80+ hours per week. However, the staff on hand is amazing. All of the TAs are extremely helpful and responsive. There is always someone around to answer your questions. For me, the best part is coming out having actually made some really cool projects. The structure really helps reinforce topics: you watch videos and do readings as well as a short hw at night, then have a lecture on that material the next day and spend the rest of the day working through problems. Another great aspect of App Academy is the curriculum. You touch on everything you have to learn to be successful, and by the time your done it will be easy to adapt to new tools and technologies.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is just as difficult as they claim. You really will need to spend upward of 85 hours a week on your studies if you want to be successful, but if you have the time and the discipline then don't be scared away. I've had very, very little free-time... Read More over the past months, but in exchange I've gained an extremely valuable skill in less time than I could have imagined before beginning the program.The instructors are top-notch. Everything in general is conducted extremely professionally, from the location and the building/amenities (I attended the NY branch), to the assessments and the projects. Before joining the program I was under the impression that I could have learned all of the same skills on my own, using free resources online. Looking back now, this miiiiight be possible, but it honestly would have taken me more than 10 times as long to do alone. Having the instructors on call, and the other students as pair-programmers was indispensable for me. Again, the program is totally worth it for those who are serious about becoming full-stack developers. But again, there is no hand-holding. If you think you can give it anything less than 90% of your time and attention, you will likely fail out.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy has been an amazing and rewarding experience. I've learned so much more than I thought possible these past three months. It's a huge commitment, so be prepared to spend basically every waking moment thinking about code. You'll be... Read More dreaming about it too.The course does a great job of making programming accessible to everyone, no matter your background. The staff are extremely supportive and accessible, so there's always help when you need it. You also end up having a wonderful support system from your peers, since you end up spending most of your time with them and you all share the same struggles.I would definitely recommend App Academy to anyone who's willing to devote all of their time to code. If you fall behind at all it's really difficult to catch up, so make sure you're ready to dedicate all of your next three months to the program.Read Less",app-academy
"As many of the reviews state below, it is a very intense program, but it is indeed rewarding. I'll discuss some reservations I had about App Academy, and some tips for future applicants/attendees. I come from a liberal arts background, and have never... Read More taken a computer science course before I started Jumpstart (a great way to get ready for App Academy's admissions process if you are offered a spot in the program). To be honest, I had reservations about the price tag of App Academy and whether it would be worth it ($22k+ is a lot of money).But as the course progressed, those reservations disappeared as I really realized that there was absolutely no way that I could have learned the amount of material on my own in such a short period of time. Prior to App Academy, I had a pretty decent job with great benefits at a private university, and part of the reason why I decided to leave that job was because of the amount of waste that I saw funded by student debt and high tuition prices. In contrast, App Academy's model of deferred tuition is still pretty revolutionary even if you have to pay a $5k deposit. I think part of what makes it work is that the student to instructor ratio is pretty low (I think it's around 1 to 8 or maybe 1 to 7 as we did loose 12 members of our cohort who did not pass the assessments). Again, that sort of student to instructor ratio is not something that is possible in most higher ed settings. There are 6 assessments throughout the course, and if you fail 2 (you are offered one opportunity for a retake after the second assessment), you are asked to leave the course. This causes a super stressful environment where many of the students are scared of failing out. The assessments do force you to internalize the material in a way that you probably wouldn't if you didn't have the assessments. In my opinion, the assessments are a flawed tool for measuring student progress, especially because it causes a lot of students to focus on just what would/could be on the test, but it is App Academy's way of measuring that you have the minimum amount of knowledge to continue progressing in the course (as I do think a few cohort mates who were asked to leave could have done well and finished if they had been allowed to stay). Aside from 1.5 to 2 hours of lecture, most of your day is spent pair programming with the same person for the whole day (for some projects, two days). Pair programming really does help you solidify your understanding, as you have to verbally communicate your thoughts to another person and vice versa, and forces you to stay on track the whole day. Except for maybe 2 instances, I found pair programming to be a very enjoyable experience. I will say that even if you've never taken a computer science course, and even if you struggle to keep up throughout most of the course, if you are comfortable with pushing your boundaries and keep up with the course material, you can succeed. Prior to starting the actual course, App Academy gives you materials (Alpha course) to study on your own. Make sure you do all of it (twice, if possible!) and give yourself time to do it. This will set you up for success. They recommend 4 weeks for this prep work, but especially if you plan on working right up till you start the course, I would say you need more like 6 to 8 weeks. The last thing I wanted to say was aside from the mental exertion and total time commitment for 12 weeks, I found the course to be physically grueling, and felt absolutely exhausted the first two weeks of the course. So, I think this is also something to keep in mind when considering which bootcamp to attend. But overall, I highly recommend App Academy!Read Less",app-academy
"I am approaching the end of the main curriculum as part of the 12 week full stack web development course in NYC and my experience thus far has been very positive. It is an extremely rigorous course, it is no exaggeration that it will require your total... Read More attention 10+ hours a day every single day for 3 months straight. That said, I feel I have learned more in that short period of time than at any other time in my life. I would highly recommend it for anyone looking to make a career change that is able to stay focused and is self motivated enough to stick with itI have not yet started the 3 week job search curriculum, so I can't comment on that yet though I know people who have had positive experiences and outcomes with itRead Less",app-academy
"There are definitely pros and cons to App Academy. The curriculum covers a ton of stuff, including many computer science topics that many other bootcamps do NOT go over, which definitely helps when looking for a first job and beyond. That being said,... Read More the course is not for everyone. It's an extremely rigorous and stressful course, which requires complete dedication to the work and topics being taught. A loss of focus could lead to being dismissed from the course. Overall though, the course has been very rewarding and in the end if you put in the work, it will pay off.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy's curriculum is a comprehensive and intense program. The program itself is a full-time commitment so be prepared to sacrifice other obligations in order to make this your top priority. You start out with working through basic concepts in Ruby... Read More to being able to build fully functional apps towards the end of the program. Dedicate the time and effort into the program, and the program will reward you with the skills needed to enter the workforce.Read Less",app-academy
"Make no mistake, AppAcademy is a commitment. For twelve weeks, you'll live in a pressure cooker with little time for friends or family, but if you devote yourself to it you'll come out doing things you couldn't imagine you could do going in. I had real... Read More doubts that I would come out of the experience with the ability to be a fullstack developer, but it's a program that really does work if you give it your all.My only hesitation in recommending it is that the curriculum truly is not for everyone - expect that you can always ask for help and it'll be provided, but the onus is fundamentally on the student to rise to the challenge.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy has a great staff and curriculum. Be prepared to work very hard and learn a lot in a short amount of time. App Academy teaches you how to program and sets you up to be a full stack developer in just 12 weeks. You will be surprised by your... Read More growth.Read Less,app-academy
"I really enjoyed my time at App Academy so far. It is a program full of people from all walks of life and everyone is excited to be there(if you're not, you won't have the drive to keep going, its intense!) Be prepared to teach your self (and possibly... Read More your pair for the day). If you keep up with the homework and avoid all other distractions its very doable! Highly recommend!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an investment in your future. With hard work and dedication you can get through the program and be qualified for a fantastic job. I found a job rather quickly after graduation, and although your mileage may vary, there is a very real demand... Read More in the computer science field. They will teach you the skills necessary to land a great job. It is a very rigorous 3 months however, so be prepared. If you have the right mindset and a dedicated attitude to learn you will be successfull here. Be prepared to start your day at 9am and end at midnight or close to it every weekday. Take homework seriously as it prepares you for the next day. Weekends don't leave much time for relaxation as you will most likely be studying intensely for an exam (it is very easy to fail an exam even if you understand the material, so don't underestimate them!). Exams are scheduled such that you usually can only study on the weekend right before. Basically you should pretend fun doesnt exist for 3 months - slacking would be dangerous.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was most definitely an interesting experience.When applying you're told that it's a full-time program and its 45 hours a week, be prepared to spend close to 90 hours a week working. Yes, it's true that you can learn all the information on... Read More your own, but I know that I would not have been able to learn the same amount of information in the short timeframe that was the main curriculum.The main curriculum and the alpha curriculum both have their flaws but they are both pretty solid. There are reviews that say that the Alpha Curriculum did not prepare you sufficiently for the main curriculum, I would have to disagree with that because I felt prepared for the first week. We are currently in the middle of the Job Search curriculum right and it's been useful in terms of getting practice whiteboarding etc but I guess we'll see how much help it really is once I start interviewing out in the wild.Overall I think that the program is great, you do get out of it as much as you put into it.Read Less",app-academy
"App academy provided a great environment to improve my software development skills. The structure of the app academy curriculum is incredibly intense and requires a massive amount of work. The course materials and projects were generally well written... Read More and informative. It is worth noting that all of the curriculum instructors are graduates of app academy. This does provide the immediate advantage that they are highly familiar with the a/A curriculum. The obvious downside of this fact is that there is no diversity of knowledge and that much of the course instruction is coming from people with just a handful more weeks experience than the students they are helping. That being said, the structure of the curriculum is such that if you truly commit yourself to the process you will vastly improve your abilities as a software developer.Read Less",app-academy
"The App Academy curriculum is filled with a ton of good material that I wasn't always able to cover because of how fast the course went. That said, I definitely learned more than I would have at any other institution or on my own. The fullstack, JavaScript,... Read More and flex project are the three projects we work on during the curriculum and really shape our portfolios. The JavaScript and flex projects are part of the job search curriculum which I feel should be structured a little better in regards to the schedule. The JavaScript and Flex projects are crucial to our portfolios but we only get a week to do it while having to attend multiple lectures throughout the day but I suppose that's why it's called a boot camp. The TA's for the first part of the course were amazing and are the highlight of App Academy--the job search TAs are amazing as well but they seem slightly understaffed.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy has been one of the most rewarding experiences I've had thus far, and I have not even started job hunting yet. If you attend, be prepared to drop pretty much everything else from your life for the duration of the program. Also be... Read More prepared that if you don't truly love programming, you may get burnt out during that time.I'm truly amazed at how much I have learned in such a short period of time, and how hard I've been able to work to achieve that goal. As cheesy as it sounds, now that I've made it through the program, I feel as if any goals I have are achievable if I can muster this kind of work ethic.There are certainly things about this program that could be improved. However i do like that as the course went on, and especially now in the job search curriculum, you become more and more independent as you learn how to teach yourself. Some people may feel they want more hands-on instruction, but I thought they provided a good balance.I'll update this review during or after the job search if I feel differently.Read Less",app-academy
"ProsThis is by far the longest and hardest I've worked my entire life. Yes, I'm putting in 90+ hours every week but I'm honestly enjoying the entire process thus far. There is a massive sense of accomplishment taking projects from concept to completion... Read More in one to two weeks. You'll meet and bond with amazing people and have TAs stay late to help you with your projects. From my experiences so far, I would definitely take this route again.ConsThe TAs are students that had just graduated and immediately begin teaching the next cohort. Some of the curriculum seems disorganized or is material take from other sources and repurposed for a/A. I don't feel like I'm ready to begin the job search and meet a/A's bold salary claims. I'll try and update this post when/if I land a job.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has definitely been a great experience overall and I can attest to the amount I've grown since I began the program. Be prepared to work 80-100 hours weeks, but the workload is worth it. I can confidently say that I have learned everything... Read More I need to work as a Software Engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, it was a great learning experience. I'm not sure if I'm ready for an actual job, but I've learned a lot more than what I would've if I had been on my own. The people make the boot camp great.",app-academy
"I have mixed opinions about App Academy. There are 3 main sections to App Academy's overall curriculum. Once you're accepted into App Academy, there's Alpha Course (a 1 month long online preparation), the Main Curriculum (~10 weeks of onsite learning),... Read More and Job Search Curriculum (~4 weeks of onsite learning geared toward getting a job).Alpha Course is awful. It's disorganized and poorly structured. They are working on improving it, but it's obviously a work in progress.The Main Curriculum is fantastic. It's engaging and you'll genuinely learn a lot from your experience. The TAs are the highlight, willing to stay behind late and help students with their projects/lessons/homework. It's tough, but very engaging and satisfying. Some of the video assignments are poor, but the vast majority of the Main Curriculum is good.In contrast, Job Search Curriculum is poorly designed and unorganized. Important information and references are split among multiple different locations and require students to go on a scavenger hunt to find the simplest of information. The schedule is poorly set to encourage haphazard results and indifference to crucial portions of the curriculum. The App Academy website for the Job Search Curriculum is an absolute joke in comparison to the Main Curriculum. The difference in quality is laughable. Feedback for projects and assignments is slow and disjointed. The kindest adjective to describe feedback for our assignments would be unreliable- in quality and in quantity. The staff do seem to try sometimes and I'm sure they're nice people, but they're understaffed. Overall, you learn a lot, but I'm skeptical in their help getting a job.Read Less",app-academy
"I'm currently in the Job Search Curriculum at app academy (weeks 10 - 13) and I have no regrets about coming here. I have learned a tremendous amount in a very short period of time, and have made many very good friends. It is definitely a lot of work,... Read More on average one should really expect to spend 90+ hours a week studying.Read Less",app-academy
"I was extremely attracted to this program because I believed that the payment structure would keep the instructors and the company accountable, as well as push me outside of my comfort zone and challenge me; I just didn't know how much it would challenge... Read More me. It was hard in every way; mentally, physically, socially. Hours of pair programming everyday can really break a person down especially if they are an introvert, and the speed at which we covered the material really makes you reevaluate your intelligence. I never felt this much pressure until I came to this program and honestly, I got extremely burnt out around week 6. It took awhile to recover from that; it involved a lot of learning how to take care of myself. That being said, the payoff has been enormous. I have had preconceived ideas about other people challenged and disproven, I learned more in the past 11 weeks than I have in years of schooling, I've met amazing people and made what will probably life-long friends (suffering really does bring people together), and while my confidence in my intelligence is at an all time low, I know that this is the most substantial thing I've accomplished up until this point in my life so I am also proud of myself. Imposter syndrome runs rampant, especially when you see people that you considered to be capable developers cut from the ranks (a good amount of students get cut from the weekly assessments), and it's normal to get up to week 8 and feel like you don't know anything at all, only to hit your fullstack project and pretty much learn everything out of necessity. Take away is this: know how to take care of yourself, know what you need to do to get by in a stressful environment, and be honest with the limit of your abilities. When your abilities seem to fall short of what is needed and you fail an assessment or screw up a project, learn to forgive yourself and pick yourself up and move on, there's no time to wallow, and there's no time to be so hard on yourself, the program is hard enough as it is. If you need a challenge, something to light a fire under your otherwise unmotivated ass, this is it.Read Less",app-academy
"This is a really intense program. I started the program with every little experience and now am pretty comfortable writing React apps. It's very unique to be in an environment with an entire cohort of people who are there to learn as much as possible,... Read More collaborate, and help each other out. Definitely plan on not having a life for 12 weeks, but the knowledge gained and connections made will be worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy really does provide you with the tools to succeed. There are a lot of really brilliant and devoted people here. And the course load will keep even knowledgable developers busy. I learned so much in such little time, it's kinda surreal. That... Read More being said, it's INCREDIBLY stressful, and considering the high stress circumstances, their student support could certainly improve a ton. You sometimes have to really go out of your way to get any help or clarification on anything. I had a pretty awful experience during the first project phase, partially because of this. It's pretty easy to get a sense of imposter syndrome, and with no clear way to turn, that can be tough. All in all though, they really care about your success, and they demand a lot. If you're willing to put in 110%, you will get lots and lots out of the program.Read Less",app-academy
"My time at App Academy was amazing. While it was extremely challenging, the amount you learn in just 12 weeks is incredible. Every single day you learn so much new information, but they don't leave you to just learn on your own. They have very friendly... Read More and knowledgeable TAs who are always eager to help, as well as matching you up with a new pair to work with every day. This paired programming experience was a lot of fun and a great way to share knowledge among everyone in the cohort. Also, if you think that your background does not allow for you to pursue this kind of career, just know that the amount of diverse people that we had in my cohort was eye-opening. Personally, I was working retail 2 years before I started App Academy, so if I could make that large of a career change, you can too!Read Less",app-academy
"I recently completed the 12-week software engineering track at App Academy’s San Francisco campus. Before attending App Academy I had some experience in coding but I have never studied computer science or attended any coding course.What I think is great... Read More about App Academy:1.	The course is very well structured. Course materials increase in complexity and difficulty as the course progresses and by the end of the course, a student should have a very good understanding of both the frontend and backend mechanics of a web application, all in a matter of 12 weeks.2.	Each day I work with a different member of the same cohort to resolve some coding challenges. I enjoy working as a team and I also have the opportunity to learn how to work with and adapt to people with vastly different working styles. 3.	There are weekly assessments which I think is a good way to test what I have learned in the preceding week.4.	The campus is located in downtown San Francisco which is very convenient.Other things that you should know about App Academy:The course is intensive and the learning curve is steep for most students (unless you have a very solid background in coding, but even for some members of my cohort who had fairly solid prior experience in coding they still found it challenging). Completion devotion to the program is expected from every student.On the whole I am very satisfied with my experience at App Academy although I would hope the program to be a bit longer (say a few weeks more) and to add a reading week in the middle of the course so that students can review or study an area in particular.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an incredible and worthwhile experience. My background is in Liberal Arts, yet I was able to make it through the main curriculum. Meaning you can too, as long as you are willing to put in the effort and hours. Expect a challenge like no... Read More other, which can be overcome with helpful peers and the attentiveness of the staff.I highly recommend this school, and I think you should check it out.Read Less",app-academy
It was veryhelpful and informative program and still is!Learned a lot!!,app-academy
"The pros for this course are definitely time. A lot of material is taught within two months and at a pace I would never be able to learn if I was studying this material on my own. Plus, the TA help is readily available and incredibly useful in understanding... Read More topics that are esoteric and hard to grasp on your own. Having dedicated support from people who thoroughly understand the curriculum saves on learning time immensely and allows you to learn more over the course of the day. Given that the course implements a deferred payment system, there are weekly tests that gauge your standing in the course and if you are not up to par, you will be asked to leave. If you are new to programming, the workload will be tough but the resources here as well as the curriculum structure will aid in comprehension of the materialRead Less",app-academy
"I came into the program know that it was going to be a challenge and did not expect much support. However, since day 1 of the curriculum, the TAs have been extremely supportive and helpful. They will sit down with you until all your questions are answered... Read More and fully understand each concept. On that note, I would highly recommend taking the Alpha Course (the prep materials) very seriously and fully understand OOP before starting class if possible. Overall, I believe that this is a great experience.Read Less",app-academy
"I loved every minute of my time at App Academy, and a big part of it is because of the people. The program does an incredible job with selecting its applicants - these are folks who I am looking forward to staying in touch with for the rest of my life.... Read More Everyone is generous, caring, and will bend over backwards to help you succeed. They will also kick your butt every step of the way as well. App Academy students are immensely talented and capable, not to mention driven and focused. I am by far one of the slower and older of the cohort, and every single day I am humbled and amazed by what my peers and the Teaching Assistants can do. Unless you have supreme confidence in your ability to learn and apply new information extremely quickly, do yourself a favor an prepare - especially if you do not come from a STEM or CS background and double-especially if you are older and have been out of school for a while. No words can do justice for the manner in which the curriculum simply avalanches once you begin to fall behind. So prepare, prepare, prepare. Take nothing for granted and try to research on your own each and every the bullet point listed on the curriculum section of the main site. Coming in with even a little familiarity with the content will enhance your experience 10 fold. When you are current/ahead with the material, the days move by quickly, the pairings are a blast, the assessment material will have time to soak in, and most importantly - you earn everyone's respect. All in all, a/A is great and I would do it again. It's hard to get in, and even harder to be an a/A student. You will get wrecked. Repeatedly. But access to the curriculum and the network forged with your peers gives meaning to all the struggle. Good luck!Read Less",app-academy
"If you are looking to get into web development/coding, look no further than App Academy! The process begins with some very difficult technical coding challenges to even be admitted (I was recently told by some TA's that the coding challenges to get in... Read More are harder than those given by many companies!).Once accepted, you'll spend a month mastering the prep work to get up to where you need to be for day 1 - THIS IS IMPORTANT!! If you do not have complete mastery of the prep material, you will fall behind!Reading reviews and talking to graduates, they'll all tell you to be prepared to spend 100+ hours reading, writing, breathing code - impossible right? The truth is, you'll spend every waking hour dedicated to coding - you'll wish you had more time to prepare for an assessment or to finish a feature on a project. The curriculum is definitely challenging and will bring you to your breaking points - all of this is to push you further and to ensure you know what you're doing. Along the way, you'll meet 80 awesome students all in the same stage as you - and you'll be advised by some really cool and really knowledgeable TA's.tl;drIf you are looking to change careers and want to get into coding/web dev. make sure App Academy is at the top of your list to apply for - also be prepared to dedicate the entire next 3 months ( don't worry, your future is worth the sacrifice ;) ).Read Less",app-academy
It will challenge every bit of you! You will be tired and experience an entire roller-coaster of emotions. But this program is totally worth it! You will learn how to learn. And gain incredible confidence getting out there on your own in the professional... Read More setting and kill it 'app-academy' way. Highly recommend!Read Less,app-academy
"For three months, all you'll be doing will be is eating, coding, and sleeping. You won't have anytime to do anything else since you'll be swamped with work everyday. To become a good developer in three months, you'll definitely have to be putting in work... Read More and it'll be rewarded at the end. My time at App Academy was amazing. I met a lot of great people coming from all different kinds of backgrounds and from all over the world. In the beginning, I was struggling a bit, but with all the TA help and peers around you, you'll have all the help you need. I can't even express how much knowledge I gained over the first two months at App Academy (with one more month to go in the curriculum). So if you ever think about switching careers and you have an interest in web development, i'll definitely recommend applying to App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"Coming in to this boot camp, I had read over 80 reviews and thought I had a pretty good idea of what the program would be like. I made sure I had a good knowledge of the prep material and a good idea of how my time would be spent every day of the week.... Read More I expected to spend 80-90 hours a week in front of my computer screen, either coding or studying. After going through the first 10 weeks of the program, I can say that having those expectations beforehand helped tremendously in giving me the right mindset to succeed at a/A. Don’t get me wrong, there were plenty of days where I felt behind in learning the material, or felt like I wasn’t good enough to be there. But that is somewhat expected when you’re knee deep in an intensive learning environment such as a/A’s. Weekends are key. If you are feeling behind or struggling with the material, utilize the extra time that you will have on the weekends to catch up on material that you don't fully understand or to get ahead on the next weeks material. You definitely get what you put into to the program, and since you are all doing this program with the end goal being a rewarding software development job, you'll want to put in everything you have. That being said, don't become a hermit who just sits in front of their computer screen from morning till night. Go to the gym for an hour or get outside for a walk here and there. Do something you love to do on the weekends that doesn't last all day. Yes, spend most of your time coding, but in order to keep your sanity, you will need to do something you love every once in a while.Read Less",app-academy
"Choosing to go to app/Academy was the best decision I ever made. Within 7 months, I was able to acquire new skills, and start a new career in something I'm passionate about. a/A was the hardest, but most rewarding thing I've ever done. Thank you!",app-academy
"6 months ago, I was at my first full-time job (technical consulting) coming out of undergrad. In undergrad, I did not study anything tech-/coding-related. The job had very nice people but I found the work (or lack of it) underwhelming. Having dipped my... Read More toes into the tech industry with this company, and having some familiarity with coding through Codecademy, I explored online how I could gain the skills I needed to have a career in tech.At first, I did an online graduate course through a university. The curriculum had holes (and it would have taken 2 years to get the degree). Based on that experience, I decided to look into coding bootcamps. I found out about App Academy through SwitchUp, which appeared as the top result of my google search.Looking through the different programs listed, not all of them had full-stack curricula. When I applied to some of them, all they had was a Skype interview and maybe some online prep material. App Academy stood out in that it had practice problems to solve, then an online coding challenge, then a technical interview, then an interview for cultural fit. It had by far the most fleshed-out, formal process from my experience.In addition, the deferred tuition model is appealing. But bear in mind the corresponding risks. If you have been a strong student academically or have prior experience coding, you will very likely make it through App Academy's curriculum. However, as App Academy scales, the 5% dropout rate of old is inaccurate--it's more like 20-25% in recent cohorts. The upside is that if things don't work out, you don't pay 100% of the cost. The downside is if you really want to get into software development, getting kicked out would really hamper that.How App Academy frames it is whether or not things work out for you, i.e. you are able to learn what they teach. Let me say: the curriculum is superb, the environment is supportive, and you are able to fail 2 of the 6 unit assessments and still make it through if you pass the retake of the second test.So as you compare your options, consider whether you are willing to pay $17,000 upfront to another top-rated full-stack program that won't kick you out, or if you believe you will respond well to App Academy's incentives and view the coding bootcamp more as a way to discover whether or not you want to be a software developer.All that said, if you make it through, you will build a clone of a major tech site. You will understand how the frontend, the backend, the database, middleware, and everything else functions. You will have a culture which facilitates a transition into tech extremely well (as you'll be pair-programming much of the day, every day).The last thing I'll note is that cultural fit is important. Please make sure App Academy seems like the right fit for you.Read Less",app-academy
"Having just finished App Academy's main curriculum, I can say with confidence that this program is not for everyone. Although I was extremely engaged by the material, had a great time working with the TAs, and have met some great people in my cohort,... Read More it's clear that coding bootcamps, especially App Academy, demand a work ethic that not everyone is prepared for.Be prepared to spend 12-14 hrs a day working on code (commuting time included). Be prepared to undergo serious pressure as failing assessments can lead to direct expulsion from the program. Be prepared to embrace the fact that there will be some concepts that will stump you into submission. Be prepared to sacrifice your life as you know it to succeed in this program.Would I do it again? Definitely.I came from a minimal coding background and my skills increased exponentially. I loved the curriculum and being in a pure learning environment--I thought of it like supercharged undergrad (having been on the quarter-system I was used to a faster pace). Why I'm giving 4 stars: there is little to no diversity at all. I could count on two hand ALL students in my cohort who are queer, female, and/or of non-caucasian or non-Asian descent.Having grown up in the East Bay, I was shocked and discouraged by the lack of diversity in the classroom. It also became evident that most students came from educated, middle-class backgrounds and didn't have anything to lose by quitting their jobs to enroll in a coding bootcamp. Coding bootcamps are a business, period. But I personally believe that because they advertise themselves as a sort of trade-school-esque-alternative to college, they should make an effort to market themselves to the communities that statistically enroll less in 4-year colleges: individuals from working-class backgrounds and select minority communities. Bottom-line: the curriculum is fantastic, the people are great. just be prepared for a lot of work and a relatively sterile and uniform social environment for 3+ months.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall:The curriculum is so fast paced. Get ready to work 90+ hours. The projects were fun (sample projects: twitter clone, tic-tac-toe, pokedex). The people were great. I can't believed I've learned so many things in 3 months. I've considered other... Read More top boot camps but App Academy was the best fit. Assessments:There are 6 assessments. First fail is free. If you fail a second assessment, you have a chance to retake. If you pass the retake, great! However you can't fail another assessment or you'll be dismissed. If you don't pass the retake, you are immediately dismissed.My cohort lost ~20% of the students from failed assessments. However, all of the material tested on the assessments are KEY concepts that you will need on your full stack project.I don't recommend App Academy if you have severe test anxiety.Projects:1) Fullstack Project (Ruby on Rails Backend, Javascript React Front End): 10 days2) Javascript: 4 days3) Flex Project (3~4 member group project, incorporating new technology/api that wasn't used in class): ~10 daysCurriculum:- The key topics are intentionally repeated throughout the course to ensure that you'll remember these after course. For example, you'll learn back-end user authentication for Rails week 4. You'll study back-end user auth for one of the assessments. Then you'll learning front-end user authentication week 7. In week 8, you'll combine back-end and front-end for in class projects AND your full stack project.- There is are HUGE emphasis on having readable code (having good syntax + variable names so other people can understand your code), DRY code , and the importance of modularity. These are all key concepts to any software developer.- App Academy has a job search curriculum other top bootcamps do not have. You go over frequently interviewed topics.- Learning so many things in 3 months though is mentally tiring. However, don't give up. Just keep learning. Once a week, I'll question if App Academy made a mistake in accepting me. I'll hit a huge conceptual roadblock and feel inferior to my peers. However, no pain, no gain. Usually the day after, I'll have more time to reflect on what I just learned and be able to use those skills right away in the current project.Culture:- The culture is so welcoming and inviting.- I felt other bootcamps I was interested had a more top-down culture. App Academy is more collaborative. - The emphasis is to learn and grow, not just plow through the material as fast as possible.- You can tell the staff loves what they do. There are cute animal references and memes all throughout the curriculum/lectures.Pro-Tip: - Use your weekends to the fullest. Take time to look into next week's curriculum as well as solidify your knowledge from the past week.- Learn the basics on Javascript ES5 and ES6 before the curriculum starts.- Make sure you put your best effort in learning the pre-course material. You'll have an easier Week 1 if you do.- Try your best not to fall behind. Once you do, it's going to feel like a never ending battle balancing old material you didn't really know AND new material being thrown at you.Read Less",app-academy
"If you have some coding experience and know that web development is the career for you, then absolutely enroll in a/A! The curriculum is incredible, and constantly being updated, meaning that when you graduate you’ll be well-positioned to land a job at... Read More one of the many companies who want to update their tech stack.However, you get out what you put in... If you’re very motivated, and know that this is the career for you, then chances are you will put in the work and get the results. On the other hand, I would strongly advise against using a/A to “try out” coding as a career. You’ll just be taking up a spot that could be filled by someone more likely to succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"I have always been interested in development and prior to attending app/Academy I had been reconsidering going back to school. I had worked in many fields and hated most but wanted to make a change, I finally decided it was time for me to pursue my passion,... Read More developing apps. Still, I'm no spring chick and going back to school didn't seem like a valid option given time and financial constraints - thus enter app/Academy.In my 12 weeks at app/Academy I truly learned more than I thought would be possible. Having gained the knowledge and resources in such a short amount of time has been an invaluable experience. The staff is incredible and super helpful, the curriculum structure is seemingly perfect and the pace is non-stop. When we were warned that it would be challenging they weren't kidding. I will say if you are ready for this, are willing to dedicate your life to it for 3 months, and are excited to make a change, this can also be easily one of the best experiences of your life as well! I am looking forward to my my new career as a software developer, thanks to a/A!Read Less",app-academy
This boot camp was very informative and eye opening in terms of what is required of someone thinking of going into coding. The instructors did a great job of getting students involved in the reading material as well as educating students in the fundamentals... Read More of coding. Great for beginners or intermediate level students looking to enter the world of programming!Read Less,app-academy
"Coming from a non technical background, it was a very tough 12 weeks for me. Thankfully all the Teaching Assistants are passionate about making sure we learn the material and become software engineers. The curriculum is very well rounded, covering Ruby,... Read More JS, SQL, and much more. The aspect I like most App Academy is the environment and culture. Everyone wants to learn and is also eager to share the knowledge he/she has. At the end of the 12 weeks I was surprised by how much I have learned grown. But most importantly I made some great friends along the way.Read Less",app-academy
"You will learn a lot at this program. Every day is intense and you will succeed if you don't waste time and spent your day learning the material. This program teaches you to be self-sufficient with minimal hand-holding which is essential in this field.... Read MoreIf you are a hard worker and want to break into the software development industry this is the bootcamp for you, especially with the deferred tuition model.Read Less",app-academy
"The intensity of App Academy is well reported at this point. The reviews you read are mostly true - certain weeks it is reasonable to expect to spend 90+ hours on your computer. That said, you learn a lot and you learn without realizing just how far you've... Read More come, which is cool. The staff is excellent and approachable and the curriculum is well thought out. My main complaint with the program is that you are treated like a child, which might be helpful for some but I found irritating. You are required to submit daily reports on your progress with questions like ""what did you learn today"", which are never responded to unless you appear to be struggling (i.e. failing an assessment). Additionally, you'll have to check in three times a day by clicking a little button you can only access while on the a/A network. These are minor things but they seem like needless added stress to me.Read Less",app-academy
Honestly the one feeling I walked away from my months long studies at App Academy was enjoyment. I surprisingly enjoyed every day of the App Academy curriculum. I was worried that I would not be able to sit through a full day spending 1-2 hrs in lecture... Read More and then simply coding away at a desk and yet the curriculum and the way it was laid out + pair programming made every day a joy. I benefitted immensly and thank G-d I begin a new job next month after being on the job search after the course for a little over a month.Read Less,app-academy
"I came to App Academy to be challenged. I got exactly what I wanted, along with all of the resources to succceed! Couldn’t have enjoyed my time in the program more",app-academy
"I definitely like App Academy, but there are some things I don't love as well. I had previous coding background so the curriculum was very doable for me, there were only a few times where I was worried about material personally. But for all of those without... Read More coding experience, it might be a toss up. If you prepare for the course and had trouble with the coding prep then only expect it to get worse. They want you to think you can do it since you have to be confident to succeed but the bottom line is that people will fail out of your cohort and it isn't always because they didn't try hard enough. The curriculum is tough and you rarely get time to recover from the constant influx of new material. If you can keep up with the material though you should be okay.Read Less",app-academy
"Ultimately, you get out what you put into it. There is not a lot of leeway for slacking off. You spend the time getting prepared and getting ahead. Every day builds on the last, and missing one or more days can easily snowball into a miserable weekend... Read More trying to catch up. You do not want to be playing catch-up. Having said that, everyone learns the material at a different pace. Get comfortable with the struggle, but don't get lazy about it.Tips: Ask questions. Review the next day's material and get a good grasp of what's coming. Let lecture fill in those holes so you are prepared to tackle the day's projects.Read Less",app-academy
"The past 9 weeks I've eaten slept and dreamt code at NYC @ppAccademy. I have taken 2 CS classes in college, and come from a statistics background but my experience in web development itself was minimal upon entering @ppAcademy. The last 9 weeks have been... Read More a new topic every day, and now that the 9 week guided curriculum is over, I have made a website and have all the tools to make another. In just about 2 months I've gone from zero to hero.Read Less",app-academy
"I'll try to add something that may or may not have been told by some students. Now the question we all as prospect students are, are all these reviews true? well yes. You will get an outstanding education from a/A and I'm saying this as I have attended... Read More a bootcamp a few years ago and graduated without knowing much except building a quick website. NOW I'm gonna say this hopefully clear, if you don't have that strive to want a job, come out being one of the top students in the industry and that includes putting nearly 15-18 hours a day, including weekends just to get there, then please do yourself a favor and most amazing teachers/possible colleagues a favor and do not apply. This isn't a kids program or for someone who says oh I just want to be able to build a website or two. There are many of those bootcamps that you can go to and have honestly a less stressful time. BUT for those willing to succeed, put the grit and time to come out as one of the top programmers from a bootcamp, I'll say apply and get ready for a crazy ride called learning. It'll be intensive, you'll have sleepless nights and possibly have an unhealthy diet, but it'll be an amazing experience, one you'll never regret. Looking forward to meeting all of you hopefully one day who makes it till the end.Read Less",app-academy
"My experience at App Academy definitely lived up to the intensity that others had described. Be warned, it really is intense. It’s physically and mentally draining. If you have any kind of background related to computer programming you may have a better... Read More time. As someone without a background I had to work constantly just to hang in there. Nearly everyday I was confused by what I was learning and that was definitely something hard to get used to. I’d never felt so impotent in my life. I averaged 5-6 hours of sleep at night and was slowly enveloped by a thick fog. The longer I went without sleep the more confusing and difficult things became. It got to the point I could barely remember the conversations I’d just had with people. Luckily I was always able to catch up on some sleep during the weekend and get back to ‘reality’ for a couple of days. If you are planning to take the course you should know that if you want to succeed the course will have to be your life. This is difficult to maintain, but it is possible.	In hindsight I believe I may have taken somewhat of the wrong approach to the course (although I don’t regret the way I accomplished it). I did everything they told us to do. I did all the readings and all the homeworks every night. This is the reason for my lack of sleep. I tried to do everything, and many of my fellow classmates did not. I think I allowed myself to get so tired that the work I was doing wasn’t helping as much as it was hurting me. 	If you’re looking just to pass the course, I believe it may be pretty easy. All the exams were very very closely related to the given practice exams. If you know how to memorize a practice exam and other topics that may appear on the exam, the exams are easy. You should be able to take the practice exam in half the expected time. If you can do that, I believe you will pass the real exam. There weren’t really any curveballs. 	That said we did lose many classmates from the exams. A student was even sent home on the last exam. I believe we lost a total of 12 people, and started with 62. I believe that those students probably had tried to do too much and weren’t able to effectively learn the practice exams. 	It’s a tough course and it’s important to make good friends throughout the program. Don’t count on being comforted by the staff. It’s required to fill out progress reports every night, but then you are given the impression that no one ever reads them. It’s like shouting into the wind. I was never once approached to discuss my ideas or encouraged to keep up the good work. 	But the community is great and you feel an unspoken bond with everyone in the course. We’re all suffering together. 	You will learn the curriculum that they advertise and you will become a fullstack developer. 	I am about to start the job search curriculum of the program and hope that I will be able to find a job. I do feel that I have learned a lot since I started and look forward to continuing my education. 	The rating is hard for me to give because I am yet to know how effective I will be at securing a job.Read Less",app-academy
"Before coming to app academy, I taught myself coding over a period of two years. In that time I used free resources such as Codecademy, FreeCodeCamp, and CS50 EDX. After joining App Academy, I can confidently say that I learned exponentially more in app... Read More academy than I did in the two years that I spent with those free resources. App academy provides a curriculum that keeps you engaged and challenges you to reach past what you thought you were capable of and bring more to the table than ever before. While the program is tough, if you stick with the work you will learn a lot and make it through.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: Good TAs and fast paced curriculum. It's pretty unbelievable how much you'll learn in 9 weeks. If you're a self-starter and enjoy the fast-paced learning, you will get a lot out of the program. Con: Unforgiving pace and schedule. It's easy to fall... Read More behind if you don't put in the time/work. The learning style might not be suited for everyone. The near weekly assessments can be stressful (around ~15% of each cohort ends up getting asked to leave for failing assessments). General tips: Do the prepwork! You're not starting with the assumption that you don't know anything day1. You're expected to be able to do small object-oriented programs from the very beginning, and you definitely don't want to start off behind. It's a big commitment, so don't plan on doing anything except the program for the 3 months.Read Less",app-academy
"Going through app Academy was one of the most stressful thing I have ever done in my life. But it is also one of the most rewarding time of my life too. I am one of those people who improve the most under this kind of stress. It had allowed me to learn... Read More a lot of programming and my self as a person, my weaknesses and strengths. If I get to choose again, I would definitely choose a/A.Read Less",app-academy
"DISCLAIMER: I will be getting a hoodie from App Academy for writing this review, but the content of the review will not be influenced by this ‘reward’I came to App Academy with a limited background in Computer Sciences and STEM fields and, 9 weeks into... Read More the program, have come out with a complete entry-level knowledge of full-stack development. The resources that have helped me from getting from point A to B in such a short amount of time was the rigor and depth of a/A’s curriculum. The most important reason is that the curriculum is so effective is that class-time enforces students to be immersed in programming and coding challenges for a maximum amount of time. The pair-programming aspect of the curriculum is a strong way to enforce communication skills and forces students to have a deeper understanding of new lessons when they are encouraged to explain their thought-process to their peers. The quality of said peers is also generally excellent in terms of character and ability. While pairing chemistry will never be perfect between every student, it was always evident to me that my peers took their time in the program very seriously and were always concerned with learning the material deeply, preparing for each class adequately, and producing high-quality work. The teaching staff is also generally excellent. I found that the quality of individual instructors would often correlate to their time in the program, but because the curriculum is so intense, the more junior instructors themselves also appear to improve quite rapidly. While there was sometimes a quality gap between new and veteran instructors, the actual time-difference between the former and the latter was usually only a cohort or two. And generally, I found that the entire package of TAs, who do all of the teaching at App Academy, was excellent and foundational to my own learning in the program.As for the cons, the largest is definitely the intense and disheartening aspects of the assessment structure of the curriculum. Personally, the assessments were the most important reason that I spent so much time working and studying outside of class hours. This is because if you fail two assessments, plus a single retake opportunity, you are dismissed from the course. With a weekend full of intense studying, I personally found the assessments to be fair and the course will give preparation materials that strongly correspond to the actual assessment. On the other hand, sometimes peers cannot make it through the grind of assessments: I believe that these individuals that were dismissed from the program do have the potential to be good programmers in the working world, and it was likely the pace of the curriculum, more so than its sheer technical difficulty, that was the largest hump to get over. Overall, my advice to prospective future students is that if you are confident in your programming abilities coming into the first week of the program, expect to still spend a lot of time on assessments and digesting the enormous amount of material from the week prior. If you are coming in less-confident, or even worse, having rushed through the four weeks of prep work, then expect to spend an extraordinary amount of time (and lack of sleep) on keeping your head above water. While the assessment structure does force students to master the material, for the most part, the stressful atmosphere that it creates through the whole school is an unfortunate trade-off.Finally, I wanted to comment on the quality of the facilities, which is important because students spend most of their hours here. During my cohort, the New York office got a significant upgrade in amenities and privacy. Before, both concurrent cohorts shared a single loft space with poor water pressure, mediocre bathrooms, and sometimes inconsistent internet. Now, each cohort gets their own floor to work on, and the office space includes a decent kitchen setup outfitted with utensils, plateware, drinking mugs/glasses, and a dishwasher. Most importantly, the coffee and teas offered by the building were significant upgrades over Folgers and Lipton. These small touches, for me, actually made a tremendous quality-of-life improvement; since most of our time will be in front of screens in the office, it’s good that the peripheral comforts are well-appointed.All-in-all I would recommend App Academy to those who want to make a tremendous career shift to a good field in the least amount of time possible. My warnings are regarding its pace, difficulty, and the toll it can take on your personal well-being.Read Less",app-academy
"Everything you've read about App Academy is probably true. The hours are long, the course is intense, and for some people it's probably the most difficult thing they've every had to do. But more importantly, most people who have gone through it will agree... Read More that it was the best decision they've ever made and I can definitely agree. One of the greatest things about App Academy is the fact that they have the same goals as you: to land you a job. This is especially true when students (most usually do) take the deferred tuition model, which means not paying full tuition until accepting a full-time job offer. You can really tell that everything they do is to try to set you up for success. The work space is available 24/7 and there's always a TA available to help, whether it be in person or on Slack. It is important to note that while everything is laid out for your success in the course, how far you'll go is 100% dependent on the work that you put in. Due to there being no grades (aside from weekly assessments), it is sometimes easy for students to overlook some homework assignments and projects. If you're someone who likes to barely scrape by and do the bare minimum, then you're going to be in for a bad time. I had a few pairs I worked with that did not complete any readings and seemed very behind and those people ended up being the ones asked to leave after failing two assignments. On the contrast, those who study JUST for the assessments and put other parts of the curriculum on the backburner may pass all of them, will sometimes end up hurting themselves during final projects and end up having to relearn a lot of concepts that were not covered in the assessments. You really do get what you put into the program and knowing/balancing what concepts to focus on becomes a really important thing to learn over the course of the 12 weeks. Overall, App Academy was definitely worth it for me. If you're looking for a change in your life and you think that web development may be for you, I would urge you to apply. If you get through the application process and get accepted, the only thing that you will need to get all the way through the course is having the right mindset.Read Less",app-academy
"My background and context: I come from a very non-technical, liberal arts background and my first time ever coding was about 5 months before my cohort started, while I was preparing for the JumpStart course (if you get invited to take part in JumpStart,... Read More I HIGHLY recommend doing it - you get a great taste of what the real program is like, including overall instruction-style, assessments, pair-programming, basic material, etc. and it reportedly greatly improves your chances of getting accepted into the program). Review: Overall, I would say that App Academy lives up to its ranking and is a great experience for turning someone like me, with absolute minimal tech / coding background, and in just 3 months turning this person into someone who can create a web app from scratch and can comfortably apply to jobs in that field. That being said, everything everyone says about the workload and intensity is completely accurate and you need to take it seriously. I gave up the vast majority of my life's activiities outside of a/A out of necessity - you really need to put in every weeknight and most of your every weekend into catching up if you're behind, getting ahead if you're not, or studying for the next week's assessment. Being someone who wasn't as naturally gifted or previously trained in the field, I had to work much, much harder and put in way more effort than those people so that I could still contribute and be productive in my daily pairings, projects, assessments, etc. Pairing - I found the pair-programming experience to be one of the most educational and enjoyable aspects of the program. Every day you are assigned a new partner to work with for the entirety of that day. You work through (and rarely complete) all of the day's projects together and over that time end up learning a lot, both about the person and about the day's material. Whether you find yourself to be the faster/more knowledgeable of the pair, or the slower/less knowledgeable, you end up learning at least a few things by day's end. Sometimes your partner will know a few cool keyboarding shortcuts in Atom that you hadn't seen before, or they will know some tidbit about Javascript formatting that you end up following yourself every time after, or they will have some alternative strategy to solving a problem that you find much easier to follow than the normal methods. I didn't have a single bad pairing experience in all 7 weeks of my pairings, half the time you end up eating lunch with your partner and talk, and most of the time by the end of the day you end up befriending one more person in your cohort. While everyone is learning the material at different speeds, you find that there are no ""dumb"" people in your cohort, every one is highly intelligent in different ways; they are the 2% that made it in with you and each is inherently capable of getting through it. Assessments - The assessments were definitely one of the more difficult aspects for me. The assessment policy is: out of 6 assessments in the first 8 weeks of the program, if you fail 2 of them (failure usually being defined around 85%), you are asked to leave the program, that day. This is where I find my only cons with the program. Having to leave the program that day, in front of all of your classmates, is downright brutal and borderline humiliating. If anything it motivates you that much more in your studying to avoid such an experience but I still think it is overly harsh - a simple email that night instead would be a less degrading situation, in my opinion. I also don't like that because of this intense ""Survivor""-style policy, I was often put into the very difficult situation of having to choose between fully completing the readings/videos, and hw assignments for the weekend, or studying sufficiently for that week's assessment to avoid expulsion. While I tried to balance this as best as I could and ultimately did make it through, I hated having to make that decision each week and having to compromise my getting-ahead for that week. To get you through all of it, there is an amazing team of warm, highly-gifted instructors and TA's who come to your aid either in person or online at the push of a button and explain concepts and bugs to you until both of you are confident that you fully understand, all of your highly-motivated, chill-mannered classmates, and of course, Google :).Read Less",app-academy
"There's no faster way on the planet to pick up this skillset. The load is heavy, equivalent to taking 24 credits of upper division credits. Expect to spend 13+ hours a day focusing on new material. Expect to be confused most of the time. Expect to have... Read More a blast with your new best friends.You will not have time to achieve mastery of a topic before moving on to the next. If that's a problem for you, walk away now and pick a slower-paced course. You get the first taste of a new topic in the homework, the second taste in the lecture, and the third taste during the daily pairing project. There's a lot of stumbling, and that's ok -- the course is based on repetition, so you do pick up the skills, so long as you put the time in. That said, it's only when you look back on what you've done that you can really appreciate how far you've come. Embrace the confusion, and come out successful.Read Less",app-academy
"Let me say in advance that I think the program itself is superb. The Teaching Assistants all know what they're talking about, and are very good at answering your questions and clarifying your understanding of things. The course material is all excellent,... Read More and by the end of the course, you'll have a strong understanding of vanilla javascript, ruby, rails, and using it all together to create an app or service from scratch. AA does a great job teaching ruby, rails, React + Redux, and putting it all together in a final package.However, while the material is all superb, the downside is the extreme pacing and difficulty. You will easily do 12-14 hour days of non-stop coding, studying, etc (with the occasional breaks for sanity, of course). I would only recommend this program if you feel that you are completely prepared for the sheer intensity of the program. You learn a lot, and you have to learn it fast. If you fall behind, material quickly snowballs, and you'll be left behind. I cannot stress enough how important time management, and being prepared for the workload, is for to get the most out of this experience.Having a very good grasp of ruby, javascript, and a basic understanding of how the internet works, will help a lot to prepare for what you'll encounter. Prior experience helps a lot. If you aren't good at typing at a decently fast pace, practice. Make sure you're fully prepared before coming in, or else you might be in for a rude awakening.Read Less",app-academy
"For context: I came straight out of college with a degree in pure mathematics, a significant history of programmatic thinking, and a few years of basic programming experience and game development in some unconventional languages under my belt, so I ended... Read More up being one of the faster ones. However, I'll write the review from the perspective of my classmates since I understand that the majority of applicants don't have technical backgrounds. I'll cover the scary before I cover the positives.You need a lot of grit, determination, and motivation. The overall pace of the course is extremely fast, and it challenges your studying habits and your ability to overcome nearly incomprehensible material being thrown at you at lightning speed. 9 hours of class time per day along with hours of homework each night means that you end up eating and breathing code for 70-90 hours per week. Weekly assessments are given to ensure that everyone is on track, and two failures means you get removed; about a dozen people from the cohort didn't make it to the end and it kinda sucks seeing them leave. You could feel the stress hormones through the roof, and over half of the cohort experienced failing one assessment and the doomsday mindset that followed. There was an unfortunate tradeoff between fully understanding the material and studying for the assessments, and most people opted for leaving the understanding to after the assessments were over. I did not experience the stress that most people did, but it's common enough to be worth mentioning. That being said, the amount that you end up learning is quite impressive. No one could learn all this through self-study at the pace that they teach it here. At the end of nine weeks, I found myself with a fully functional single-page web app built on Rails and React/Redux, which was super cool (too bad they don't teach this kind of stuff in college). The pair programming was also a great experience - you find yourself developing soft skills and becoming more eloquent at communicating, which are of utmost importance to the job search. My classmates were all super chill and bright folks, and it was an absolute pleasure to be working alongside them and pairing with them every day. I can't say I miss pair programming, but I can say I enjoyed it a lot and experienced a lot of growth that I never experienced when I was self-teaching programming.I feel prepared for the job search, and I know that I will be much more successful in the search than I would have been had I tried to pursue this path through self-study.Read Less",app-academy
"This program requires quite a bit of work and effort, but it is worth it. Coming in, I had very little notion of what it meant to write good code or build web applications, but I have learned a lot through this process. The highlight for me was the curriculum.... Read More We start off learning basic Ruby syntax and object-oriented programming, move on to (a very light sprinkling of) algorithms, then Rails, user authentication, javascript, and finally React/Redux. In retrospect, the structure of the curriculum makes it feel like you learn the building blocks of web applications from the ground up. I have a lot (a lot!) to learn, but aA has definitely brought me to a good place in terms of self sufficiency. Things to note: - If you fail two tests, they will kick you out (no exceptions). They want everybody to be at least getting 85/90% on everything. This is sad if you start to befriend someone who then leaves...- Shortcuts are great. Learning small shortcuts on Mac has improved not just my coding flow but also my own experience browsing the web. - You really have to spend a lot of time on the program. I had been living in NYC for a couple years before aA, so early on I just got used to telling friends that I couldn't hang out for like another month or two. That being said, if you do a good job studying you can usually buy yourself some weekend time (e.g. I attended few parties and weddings during the course). - Expect collaboration. You are pair programming everyday, which means taking turns 'driving' an 'navigating' every 15 minutes or so. I usually enjoy solving problems alone, but I actually really appreciated this aspect of the program. The few days where we worked solo ended up being pretty lonely...Read Less",app-academy
I enjoyed the experience and am so proud of myself for having gotten to this point in the program. It has been one of the more challenging and honestly stressful experiences I have gone through in my life; but it has been a transforming experience. I... Read More know how to start building applications and am so excited for the future.Read Less,app-academy
"I will start out by saying that this coding bootcamp was the toughest program that I have been a part of. I am sure that the other reviews all say very similar things and that you don't have to know that much about programming to be able to finish this... Read More course. I agree though I would add an asterisk. There are 3 ways to successfully complete this course: 1. You can be an insanely fast learner, 2. you can already have experience in the field of software development, or 3. you have to be almost bulldogged in your persistence. Everyone in my cohort was a joy to work with and they were all super smart and super helpful. The test structure forces you to learn the test more that learn the fundamentals. While this causes stress, and the experience of losing classmates to the rigid testing system was awful I feel like it is in place to maximize the schools success rate. If you are smart you can make it, if you are a coding enthusiast already you can make it and if you are super persistent, you can make it. Those are the people that are most likely to get jobs and be successful. Overall I feel like I have learned a lot and that I have at least the ability to continue learning and improving. I would like to leave you with 2 main take aways. 1. if you are ready to change your life and are committed to taking advantage of every resource you can then prepare and be committed, otherwise go to a different program. 2. the program was super stressful but also the most enjoyable learning experience that I have ever had. I feel that this has everything to do with the selection process, the other students and the TA's.Read Less",app-academy
"Full disclosure: I'm getting a hoodie for writing this review. I don't believe that sways my opinion, but I feel it's fair that you know the context.I'm writing this review having just completed my first 9 weeks of App Academy. In the last 9 weeks, (really... Read More 13 since there's about 4 weeks of prepwork assigned before the course starts), I've gone from 0 experience as a web developer to having created my own full stack web app using a Ruby on Rails backend with a React with Redux frontend. I can't speak yet to the quality of their job search curriculum, which I will go through over the next 3 weeks, but I will say that their full stack curriculum is absolutely effective for a few reasons. First, you should know that some of the students, roughly 15% in my cohort, were dismissed for not passing assessments before completing the curriculum, so being accepted is only the beginning of the journey. The ones who made it through are absolutely better programmers for having gone through the program. Many of my classmates started with little to no experience programming, and are full-fledged web developers now.I believe the reason a/A is so effective is, in a word: reps. Every day, there are 2 hours of lecture, and then you peer program for 5-6 hours. Then there are homeworks and readings to do before you get to class. Shower, sleep, and repeat for 9 weeks. Peer programming is a process through which you sit down and talk through and try to solve problems with someone else. There are many factors conducive to learning and skill development at play during this time. First, learning to verbalize your approach to a problem is immensely helpful to refining and solidifying knowledge. Second, having the accountability to keep trying to solve the problem and having help when you need it keeps the learning process moving. Third, an understated part of programming is looking up and researching documentation, which you will get a lot of practice doing. Last but not least, you are experiencing the same thing while you drive and your partner navigates, so you have the benefit of differing perspectives every day. Before I started a/A, I thought these skills were something I could learn on my own, but would be faster with a teacher. That's partly true, but it's also true that your fellow students aid in the learning process immensely. If I were describing a/A to a prospective applicant, I would tell you to look at it as an opportunity. An opportunity to work hard and learn. That's all it is. It's intense, but if you make it out, you will have absolutely developed hard, bankable skills as a programmer.Read Less",app-academy
"I'm currently 2 months into the App Academy program, and it is just as tough as they say. I feel like I've grown a lot since I first got here. I never knew I could learn so much so fast. It has proven to be a very beneficial and formative experience.... Read More Although it is hard, the staff and everyone else involved are very supportive. The atmosphere is very open and welcoming and I never once felt like an outsider. The work load is extremely tough, during my time here I rarely left before the 12 hour mark. Needless to stay my work ethic has never been better. Anyone with the right aptitude can get in. My whole life changed when I got accepted into the program and every day I'm just happy to be here.Read Less",app-academy
"I graduated Prep Course at App Academy and don't regret it AT ALL! I tried studying by myself before and couldn't do it properly because you are new and you don't understand what to learn and what to skip. You spend days to understand the piece of new... Read More information which you even don't need. Sometimes people saying ""It is so a lot of info on the internet, why you pay extra money for studying in-person?"". So I can say, it is not just info, it is the new conception of thinking, and sometimes it is hard to get this new conception. That's why you pay money to get it faster, to spare time. Nobody saying you MUST go to the Prep or Bootcamp, you can study everything by yourself but you will spend 1-2 years to get a point where you will be ready to show your skills and knowledge to be hired and to be paid. What if you will put exactly the same effort and Prep and Bootcamp? You spare time! You will find a job already in 6 months after you start. Here is the difference in one and half of the year if you would do it by yourself. It is tens of dollars... So for me, it was hard to decide for Prep... now I don't have any doubts about spending this money for Prep and especially for Bootcamp.Anyway, at the Prep App Academy, Alvin and David will prepare you for Bootcamp, they will tell you what to do and how to do, and you won't waste time for trying to pass a technical interview. Especially because you can't try every week.And the last thing was very important to me - I stopped frustrating! That's it!!!! I started coding with confident and solid understanding what I am doing. The teacher (Alvin) and his assistant (David) are great guys! Very patient and smart people! A lot of stuff from inside of Bootcamp Immerse. Highly recommended, especially if you just started your way to the programming!Read Less",app-academy
"The bootcamp prep course with Alvin (and David as our TA) did exactly what it said on the tin - got me into my top choice coding bootcamp (within 2 months of starting the course)! The curriculum takes you from complete beginner to Bootcamp ready, moving... Read More at a pretty quick pace at first, but with plenty of time to solidify and practice what you have learned over the 4 weeks. The material is thorough, however there are a few topics you will have to invest a little more time into if you are interested in schools other than a/A - but nothing you can't handle with each invidividual school's prep material. Alvin and David were both awesome. Patient, supportive, serious about the work but also lighthearted in their approach. I think the money is a worthwhile investment if you are serious about getting into a bootcamp and want to jumpstart that process.Read Less",app-academy
"For a long time, I liked the idea of working in tech, but thought it was nearly impossible without a CS degree. However, when a friend told me about App Academy, I thought it was an interesting opportunity, although I was skeptical at the time.The program... Read More itself is very intense, and will definitely consume your life for the 12 week duration. In the beginning, you'll learn about various CS fundamentals and the inner workings of several languages and frameworks, so just when you finally become comfortable with one thing, something new comes up. I think this is good preparation though, because working as an engineer requires one to constantly learn and adapt, so it's a good habit to develop. Towards the end of the curriculum, everyone makes their own projects, which is a great culmination of the skills you learned. Overall, I enjoyed my time at a/A, and I thought that the program was taught well and that the instructors were great.The job search is definitely the roughest part of the journey, but a/A is there to help, and it does require a serious amount of discipline and patience. In the end, almost everyone I was in the program with has jobs that they enjoy, and I'll be starting mine in a bit. I think attending a/A was one of the best decisions I've ever made, and I'd do it again.Read Less",app-academy
"General Summary: I wholeheartedly enjoyed my twelve weeks at App Academy. The program provides an intense, unique experience. Basically, it lasts twelve weeks: the first nine weeks comprise the “Technical Curriculum” and the last three the “Job Search... Read More Curriculum”. However, after being admitted and accepting your offer, you have to complete a one-month online course called “Alpha Prep” before starting. The technical curriculum is intense. In seven weeks, you will learn all the material you need to be able to develop your own React/Rails web app from scratch in the eighth and ninth weeks. On a daily basis, you will have many projects (whose material you covered in readings and videos the night before) to work on with your partner. You’ll learn Ruby, Postgresql, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, and React/Redux. However, pair programming and the “question button” system serve to alleviate some of the stress of the course. Pair programming is basically you coding on a single pc (and keyboard) with a partner. Every fifteen minutes, you switch “drivers”, i.e., the person who is physically typing on the keyboard. For the first couple of days, you might feel uncomfortable having to code all day with a partner, but the benefits of doing so become apparent soon after. Having to verbalize and communicate problems to someone else rather than hacking away at the keyboard forces you to become methodical in your approach, and it helps you ask better questions when you’re stuck. The “question button” is a button on the internal web app that puts your name on a question queue. The TA’s are pinged every time a person is added, and they come by to field students’ questions on a first-come, first-served basis. The benefit of this system is that it allows all students an equal opportunity to have their questions answered and it deals with the issue of less vocal or visible students receiving less attention. The job search curriculum begins in the tenth week. By that point, you will have learned all the skills you need to develop fully functioning web apps from scratch. However, simply because you have learned the technical material doesn’t mean the course becomes less intense. In these three weeks, you will work on your résumé, cover letters, online presence, personal pitch, and whiteboarding problems. In this aspect of the course, you will receive a lot of support from the career coaches. They will review your projects portfolio, résumé, etc, in depth and will give you detailed pointers on how to improve each item.	Pros:	The TA’s are always on call, and they generally are able to pinpoint your problem within seconds and do not leave you until all your doubts are assuaged.Almost the projects serve some practical use, and the emphasis on repetition ensures that you internalize the material.Pair programming makes the experience more enjoyable, and it ensures that you rarely get bogged down with trivial bugs.The career coaches provide a lot of support in the job search. They help with your portfolio, personal pitch, networking skills, online presence, and negotiation.App Academy’s alumni network is helpful and supportive.Cons:The curriculum is constantly being updated so sometimes you will find some inconsistencies in the material. This problem does not appear so much in the 12-week program itself, but it is definitely noticeable and distracting in the Alpha Prep course. As much as I love pair programming, you will have days where you work with someone you find intolerable. Fortunately, this only happened to me three days out of the roughly 35 in which you pair program, but this experience is variable.There are six assessments throughout the course, and they are a bit stressful because if you fail any two of them, you are asked to leave the program with your initial deposit refunded. Moreover, because they are graded automatically, they are unforgiving--meaning that a single typo can cause code with otherwise sound logic to fail their automated tests. However, the expectations of the assessments are straightforward and you are given plenty of time and material to prepare for them.Caveats:If you are not an independent learner, you will have a hard time at App Academy. Despite the great amount of support you will have, there is a lot of material and little time. If you assume App Academy is like a traditional educative program where the student plays a more passive role, you will likely struggle through it. This is not a criticism of the instructors (I hold them in high esteem), but it is simply the nature the program.You will not have time for anything else. This is not an exaggeration. I taught myself to code for half a year before attending App Academy so the first three weeks were relatively light for me. That being said, I was only able to have weekend evenings free during this time. When it came time to create our web apps from scratch, I literally had no time for anything else even on the weekend. Some people assume that the job search curriculum is less intense than the technical curriculum. This is not true so don’t get your hopes up!Read Less",app-academy
"I was part of the May 2017 NYC cohort and had an amazing experience. I put in a lot of hard work, often not getting home until after midnight but It was so rewarding that It felt like I was just having fun.Cons:1. The rigors of the job search. For me,... Read More the most difficult part of the entire process was the job search. I enjoy coding and solving problems but I absolutely hate sending emails and writing cover letters to try and 'sell' myself. This is not something specific to App Academy, but it is something to be prepared for. It took me over two months until I got an offer that I was happy with. About half of my cohort had to wait even longer. I know that doesn't sound like a long time but it IS when you're going through it. There were times that I didn't get any responses for weeks at a time and felt like I would never find a job.Pros:1. The tuition model. I applied when the tuition was 20% of the starting annual salary of the job I accepted. (They actually proactively lowered it to 18% because some students in my cohort had applied at that rate). For me, the low-risk payment model removed one of the greatest barriers to entry. It also gave me confidence that our goals were aligned and that success rates advertised were accurate (I too was skeptical before I experienced the outcomes first hand).2. The students. Once I got in, I began to appreciate that App Academy sets a high bar and selects only the top 3% of applicants. Learning with a group of talented and intelligent students becomes a real advantage when you get stuck, don't understand something, or just need to discuss a concept.3. The curriculum. The learning at App Academy follows a pattern of learning new material for homework, clarifying the details in the morning lecture, and hands-on experience in the afternoon projects. The curriculum is kept up to date with the latest stable technologies and focuses on applying the knowledge. For me, this helped in retaining what I had learned and cumulatively building upon it.4. The career coaching. My App Academy career coach was AWESOME! The career coaches help students polish their resumes, online profiles, and cover letter templates. They also help to find and fix the bottlenecks in the job search. (For me it was the online profiles and resume. For others, it was practicing technical interviewing or adding features to their showcase projects). They give personalized advice and help keep graduates motivated when they're going through a rough patch.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is terrific. I almost failed out of App Academy due to failing assessments, and spent more time job searching than most of my classmates. But because I had a really solid support system, from the friends I made to the job placements team,... Read More I finally secured a job that I'm excited about. Back when I started in September 2016, if you failed two assessments, you were kicked out of the program. I was a pretty poor test taker due to high anxiety. When I failed my second assessment, I prepared my things and said my goodbyes. Thankfully, App Academy scheduled a retake, and I aced it. Now, I hear the retake policy is more lenient. My advice: take the practice assessments as many times as you can, and the chances of failing are much lower. I spent 10 months searching for a job. When I started my job search, my soft skills were weak, and my technical skills needed a lot of improvement. I practiced around 3 times a week doing practice interviews and white-boarding with my friends using Skype. My coach taught me how to sound prepared and confident on the phone, and checked on me weekly to see how I was doing with my job applications. The job search team also schedules mandatory workshops for job-seeking graduates to learn new skills and review concepts. They provide a really comprehensive list of networking events and meetups in the Bay Area where you can meet potential recruiters and other engineers. They're also some of the nicest people I've met; sometimes they'll just chat with you in the hallway and ask how you're doing. They always make sure they're available if you ever have any questions.Read Less",app-academy
"The pros of the program are that students and teachers are all committed to helping students learning as quickly as possible. The program is a proven formula that works and graduates are able to be hired into great companies as long as they continue their... Read More studies after the program. The cons are that after the program, it may difficult for a lot of students to follow up with the job search as it may a discouraging and long process. However, that comes with any job search and should be expected.Read Less",app-academy
"A/a prep course is great exp. Alvin is awesome...but they fall short on alot of things1) They are the most expensive prep course-$2,999.00 …….(hack reactor’s prep by the way does the pre-course work with u so u can just join after is $250….FullStack is... Read More $650) 	A/a has great teaching the they take the time to go thru everything with u but u learn a lot less topics..2)They are very limited they skips concepts like testing recursion things which are need to get into hack reactor and full stack.3)The guarantee to get into the top coding bootcamp always includes a a bootcamp that is very easy to get into and sometimes may not even require a technical interview.A/a Immersive Review1.) Even though they claim to update their CURRICULUM according to industry trends it hasn’t really change much. After speaking with alumni from A/a they themselves said they would have rather learned full stack javascript…and that it is easier to find a job with full javascript rather than ruby….heres are two link on industry trends…. https://stackify.com/trendiest-programming-languages-hottest-sought-programming-languages-2017/http://www.codingdojo.com/blog/9-most-in-demand-programming-languages-of-2017/2.) Their CLASS SIZE is one the largest of the coding bootcamps in NYC. Even though on this site it says class size of 40 its actually about 60 - 80…this is what I saw when I was there and what their instructor and students told me when I asked…Now does it matter YES absolutely now they will say we have a good teacher to student ratio but that only because they hire their own grads to as TA which isn’t really the same as instructor….second on hiring day you have a 60 -80 of your peers in competition with u to get into a company….. Hack Reactor has less 30 students per cohort and they do this on purpose to bring out great quality grads…full stack is less as well I’m not sure on the exact number..3.) CLASS HOURS App Academy is open 24/7 BUT their daily schedule is Mon to Fri 9a.m. to 5p.m……Hack Reactor and full stack is Mon to Fri 9 a.m. -8 p.m. and Sat 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.4.)TUTION …App Academy had recently switch from 22% first years salary to a flat 28,000 on the deferred payment model…which is ludicrous…it because of state regulations but 22% of 100k salary job is not 28,000 even if u have a 100k job u really only bring home about 70K…this ridiculous that they would charge such a high amount.Most of my friends from the prep after learning all these thing would not attend App Academy.if u have any question u can email me at theonetwothreefive123@gmail.comRead Less",app-academy
"Full disclosure, I'm not the typical bootcamp student because I had lots of previous coding experience and even some development work. Went to a/A because I was doing QA and hated it. My previous experience undoubtedly helped me land a job after the curriculum... Read More was completed but a/A helped me gain a lot of skills and knowledge that I was lacking before.App Academy was the hardest I've ever worked in my life but in a good way. I really felt like I was learning and retaining what we were being taught. Be prepared to work you a$$ off! It's 9-6 every day for 13 weeks and you will spend every moment outside of class studying. Get a haircut before the course starts because you won't have a free minute!Also be warned that your continued enrollment in the course is subject to a strike system and doing well on coding assessments. The assessments are no joke and we lost about 8 people because of them. I studied every weekend for the assessments and had no regrets on that front. Strikes are for absences and lateness so be on time! People have been dismissed from the course this way.The curriculum was interesting and my new job has even drawn on what I have learned there so it has definitely been valuable. I really like that they are constantly revising the course to ensure it is up to date and relevant. Almost every day was pair programming on projects which I think is a great way to learn since you don't have to struggle by yourself. One downside to the constant updating is that some of the curriculum is rough around the edges and it often seems like we were only working on a given topic for 2 days at most before we moved on. It's easy to feel overwhelmed but your fellow students and teachers are always there to help you. They have office hours everyday and people often stay late to do homework together if you need it. It helps to find people who live near you and make a study group.It's also great that part of the course is focused on job search and interviewing skills because I never felt like I knew anything about this. It was very helpful to learn about writing resumes and cover letters. The job coach I had was really insightful and I owe him a lot. You'll get lots of whiteboarding practice too which is great because it's so awkward the first time you do it.I met a lot of nice and interesting people and there's great diversity in the student body. The instructors are really dedicated and a/A recruits TA's from previous cohorts so they are on the same level and easy to talk to.In summary, I really liked the course and I think if you are serious about becoming a developer it's a great choice. Some of the curriculum needed refining but they are constantly improving everything. Lots of support and teachers are great! Be warned that it is INTENSE in every sense of the word.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy’s prep program is exactly as advertised - a comprehensive, well thought out program devised to get you accepted into the top bootcamps. Through refined lectures and problem sets, Alvin and David made sure that I was on track to succeed in... Read More my interviews, and understood the content. Not only that, but they were very accessible should I have questions before class, and I would recieve nearly instantaneous responses to my questions through Slack. Following prep, I was accepted to every bootcamp I applied for, most notably App Academy, Hack Reactor, and Fullstack/Grace Hopper, thanks to the amazing support and instruction I received through App Academy’s prep program!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has really made me appreciate my decision to commit to web development. If you are considering applying here, you really need to understand where you are and why you are making this commitment. If you don't fully commit, the program is not... Read More going to wait for you. If you understand this going in, then App Academy can help you go over the hurdles to become a full-fledged web developer. My favorite aspect about this program is that every lesson builds on itself. There will be times that you feel like your behind, but that should motivate you to keep up. Eventually when you reach the end, you will realize how much you really know and how ready you are to move forward with your new career path. I would highly recommend this program to anyone.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was by far the hardest challenge I have ever faced in my life. The course material is hard, and you should be prepared to be at the office for 12 hours everyday. You are expected to absorb a large amount of material very quickly and the weekly... Read More assessments put a competitive edge on the program. The TA's are super helpful, and everyone around you wants you to succeed and do well.Read Less",app-academy
"This is an excellent bootcamp. The instructors are capable and it takes little time to get help on a difficult or confusing problem. I would say the only con is that it is a tremendous time investment, and it is punishing if you fall behind. I had no... Read More time to go to the gym and even on weekends had little time to socialize. You should not enter this program with the expectation that you'll have multiple hours of free time a day over the run of the course. You will not have time for part time work while in this course.But almost everyone acclimates to the pace and learns an enormous amount. It's a very strong course and the organization works hard to help you find a good job once you've graduated. I recommend it very highly.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was my first choice, because:— it's tuition model— great reviews and overall rating— greatest TA's— it's curriculum— supportive classmatesAlthough it's pretty hard to keep the pace for the whole course, it pays back, once you start working... Read More on your final project, you'll realize that you know a lot, even if you thought you don't.Greatest experience.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was my first choice, because:— it's tuition model— great reviews and overall rating— greatest TA's— it's curriculum— supportive classmatesAlthough it's pretty hard to keep the pace for the whole course, it pays back, once you start working... Read More on your final project, you'll realize that you know a lot, even if you thought you don't.Greatest experience.Read Less",app-academy
"By far the best learning experience I've ever had. I cannot recommend it enough! Students are expected to learn a tremendous amount of information and crazy fast, but are not spoon-fed the knowledge (not a big enough spoon...) The result is an incredibly... Read More collaborative and intense learning environment where everyone is helping one another to succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"The workload is immense. No amount of lecturing and warning prepares you for what's to come. Overall the experience is amazing and incredibly rewarding, but you will have to push yourself nonstop. If you are someone who works well with others, and learn... Read More best when you are collaborating, this is 100% the program for you.Read Less",app-academy
"I was part of the July 2017 NYC Cohort. AA attracts people from diverse backgrounds and top-schools, but one thing they all share in common is that they're sharp and driven. Coming in with programming experience will help, but don't be discouraged if... Read More that's not something you have. The TAs do a great job in teaching languages and frameworks you need to succeed in this course. Also, AA really -is- full-time. Although class ends at 6pm, many people either stay in the office to study/work on projects more, or continue at home. The material is challenging, but there's camaraderie that naturally forms in every cohort as you're struggling along others to achieve the same goal. I think the TAs really make a huge part of the experience, I hope the AA continues what they're doing and how they select staff. Stay curious, humble, and be sure to reach out for help when needed.Read Less",app-academy
This is absolutely the best program out there! No doubt! Everyone helps you out and if you want amazing results do it!,app-academy
"I attended App Academy in July 2017. Overall, my experience was positive and I think the course gave me the tools I need to get a job as a web developer.Pros: - Great curriculum: The pace is extremely fast and it constantly feels like you're barely keeping... Read More up but the structure of the course with the weekly assessments keeps you on track and at the end, you realize you know more that you think you do.- Great staff: The Instructors / TAs are available to answer questions throughout the day and they're good at helping you arrive at the right solution to the problem instead of feeding you the answers.- Projects: You leave the program with 3 projects on your resume which you've built on your own.Cons:- As the other reviews mention, expect to spend 90+ hours a week doing this. You will have very little time to do anything else.- With the speed of the course and the weekly assessments, it can be very easy to fall behind and there's little to no time to catch up.- The end of the course can seem a bit rushed as you rush to complete your resume and portfolio and start applying to jobs.Read Less",app-academy
Pros:The technical curriculum was extremely well planned and each day was structured purposefully. TAs and classmates were generally very supportive Great portfolio projectsCons:Not enough emphasis on good pair programming practices The diversity curriculum... Read More was minimalThe CSS curriculum was essentially secondary to other technical parts of the curriculumRead Less,app-academy
"There's a handful of coding bootcamps out there, but App Academy stands alone (for a good reason). What differentiates this program from all others out there is THE PEOPLE. The way they achieve an incredibly diverse and hard working group of people is... Read More through the deferred tuition model coupled with the selective process to get in. This creates an assemblage of some of the most intelligent, kind, and hardest working people I have ever met. The curriculum is perfectly planned out and constantly adapting to the coding environment out in the wild. The teachers know the material inside and out, questions are encouraged and a habit of collaboration is instilled. I can't thank this school enough. They made me realize that it's true that anyone can code and as a bonus, its REALLY FUN.Apply Now. It's worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"The past few months have been some of the most intense in my entire life. It really is surprising how much material they were able to pack into three months. In a way it's almost too much to tackle at once; it takes a lot of mental and emotional fortitude... Read More to get through and really pushed me to my limits. I've made it through, but I came close many times to crashing and burning. It's probably the best way to start a career quickly in software development quickly. the catch is that it's only accessible if you can learn fast, set aside other obligations, and you have great mental health. From what I’ve gathered App Academy takes this to an extreme even compared to other bootcamps. The upside of being at App Academy is that you know they have your back. The students and TAs are very supportive of one another and will help see you through a multitude of challenges, technical or otherwise. The best part is that this support continues until you've accepted a job offer! Don't be afraid to open up to the TAs; they really are there for you.Read Less",app-academy
"Great way to learn something new while paying a deferred cost. As with what everyone said, the program gives you the tools to acquire new skills at a blistering pace. The TAs know their stuff, and while you may not realize it as you're going through the... Read More program, everything falls into place at the end of it all, when you realize you're able to make things you never thought you could make, while learning the skillset to be able to learn new things on your own.It's very enjoyable to be able to build applications that we use in our every day lives. You understand the process in how popular websites are made, and you start to respect the amount of work and detail that went into popular websites such as Facebook, YouTube, and Yelp. Now you can create your own if you like!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was one of the hardest yet most rewarding thing I've ever been through. I can't say enough about the people who are apart of this bootcamp. All of the TAs are incredible programmers, who can articulate complex algorithms, theories and concepts... Read More in a very understandable way.The course is fast paced, but laid out in a way that keeps building on what you've learned the days before. I can't believe it was only 3 months long and now I can build websites, games and understand complex programming and engineering concepts.It's amazing that after going through this bootcamp, I can switch careers and grow in an industry I love.Read Less",app-academy
"If you are interested in pursuing software development as a career App Academy will definitely get you there. When other reviews point out that it is really hard and intense they are not lying, but they payoff is more than enough to justify it. You get... Read More out of it as much as you put into it. There methodology and curriculum is excellent. Everything is finely crafted so students can get as much as possible from every day at App Academy. Each day you'll leave knowing some new tool or skill you did not know that same morning. The immersive nature of the program really goes a long way.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: App Academy teaches you more information than you'd be able to pick up on your own. They consolidate the most important things in the industry, and package them for you to learn within a span of 8 weeks. However, even taking that into consideration,... Read More App Academy's greatest asset is the people. By that I mean, the instructors are extremely helpful and knowledgeable, and your fellow cohort members will be extremely hard working which will push you to work hard as well.Cons: This will take over your life for 2 - 3 months. There are some outliers where some students get through just fine without spending 90+hrs a week, however for the vast majority, I'd say 90+hrs is the norm. Granted, you're learning so much in within that 2-3 month span, it shouldn't be too surprising how much time you're putting in.Read Less",app-academy
I have a computer background and self taught myself awhile before starting but I still learned a ton at App Academy. I feel like it filled in the gaps in my knowledge that made me able to be competitive for a job. I had tried to get a developer job by... Read More myself but didn't feel like I was prepared. App Academy gave me the needed discipline to put a portfolio together that I can be proud of.I recommend anyone going into the course take some time to learn on their own. Even with a tech background the course was very intense and I can't imagine going in with no knowledge. Others were able to do this however but be prepared to work a lot.Overall it was a great experience and I recommend App Academy as long as you do some work yourself before hand.Read Less,app-academy
"I came in with a little bit of programming experience - enough to know a few basic data structures and the difference between HTML and Ruby, but as I soon learned, not very much at all. The amount of information I learned in the first few days combined... Read More to be more knowledge than I had about programming previously. The course has a ton of great TA's, so even if you are feeling overwhelmed, there's always someone to talk to for help. Classmates come from all backgrounds and walks of life, but pretty much everyone was the same beginner when sitting down at the computer to pair. Because everyone is there for the same reason (to learn and become developers) everyone is willing to help out each other. One warning: the course isn't lying when they say you will spend upwards of 90 hours a week programming. There is plenty of work to do outside of the classroom, and you'll want to do all of it to make sure you don't fall behind. The information is actually quite interesting and the lecture videos are well done, but it will be in your favor to keep on top of the work. There's also a great alumni network to help find jobs after the course is officially finished. Because App Academy is one of the few long-lasting coding bootcamps, companies have learned that their graduates are different than other bootcamp graduates and are more willing to give potential employees the time of day.Overall, I had a great experience at App Academy. It nurtures a collaborative atmosphere unlike many other places of learning. Come prepared to class each day, get plenty of rest, and there's no reason you too can't succeed at App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy's curriculum is solid, and they're constantly improving it; the git repo for our location alone has over 5000 commits in under two years. The learning curve is best described as exponential, but nothing they teach is ever irrelevant or impossible.... Read More The lectures are stellar, and the optional QA sessions after most of them are informative and usually extend beyond their 30-minute time slot if students are extra confused. This speaks to the dedication of the staff to producing graduates that are not only capable, but who take initiative to fill the holes in their knowledge. Pair programming is mandatory during most of App Academy's curriculum, a standard that encourages peer teaching outside of the normal class hours. This vibe sticks around, resulting in students that aren't competitive, but rather truly cooperative. Much of App Academy's value lies in their philosophy of pairing and peer teaching. Before applying to App Academy, I had read all the common sentiments in their reviews: ""It was like drinking from a firehose"", ""You really will spend 100+ hours a week"", ""It was absolutely the most difficult and most rewarding thing I've ever done"". All those things are true. There were days when I hated this place, and there were days when I loved it, and I would assume the same is true for most students who go through this program. Some days the obstacles seem insurmountable and you wonder what you're doing here; other days you wonder why you ever considered doing anything else. App Academy is a world of extremes. With extreme frustration comes the extreme satisfaction in the truth of saying ""I can do this because I just did it."" Before coming here I saw a tweet that simply read ""Do what you can't."" With the help of amazing lectures, a world-class curriculum, and TAs bordering on (or crossing into) genius, App Academy helped me do what I thought I couldn't.Read Less",app-academy
"When I was applying to boot camps, I did so simultaneously, to about 4 different boot camps. One of them accepted me right off the bat and I knew they were the wrong choiced. Others asked me to accomplish things in coding challenges that were far beyond... Read More my skill level without offering any instruction or legitimate curriculum. With App Academy, the application process was very challenging, but you are given every opportunity to succeed via their resources. Also, the actual challenges they give you are algorithm challenges, very similar to whiteboarding questions you may get when you interview for a Developer position. This is in contrast to other challenges that ask you to build a Rails Twilio application or some other project that is very practical in nature. Yes, building an application is a great way of finding out whether someone is a good programmer, but it tells you nothing of their potential. However, if you teach someone some basic programming principles and data structures: what is a string? an array? etc. and then ask them to solve a question that uses those data structures, it is a much better way to guage someones potential by seeing if they are capable of applying what they are learning. Building a full application is much too difficult a task to ask of a newbie without spelling out every step and at that point, you may as well just write the code for them.So aside from the deffered tuition (which is nice), the application process is what got me hooked on App Academy.Once you get in, first the first few weeks all you want to do is survive. You will be kicked out if you fail two exams. The first people to go are people who can't type (it's painful to watch them type with only their index fingers) and people who don't speak English as their first language. That's not to say that everyone who doesn't speak English as their first language will fail, not what I am saying. However, the sheer amount of information that will be thrown at you is mind numbing and every lick of it is in English. If there is no language barrier, you still only absorb ~75-85% of what you are taught. If there is a language barrier, that percentage drops. This makes it difficult to keep up in a very fast paced environment. I noticed the people who spoke English as a second language and did well in the class either had prior coding experience or were just insanely sedulous and dedicated to the craft. It can be done, but it is certainly harder.Once you make it past the survival phase, which is after the fourth assessment (say week 4), then you start to think, ""Ok, I don't want to just survive anymore, I want to excel."" This is where the course gets really exciting because you begin to see the light at the end of the tunnel. You start to think about things like a programmer. You get re-programmed. That's what this program does to you, it programs you to be a programmer (you like what I did there?).If you're smart, you may be wondering, ""Well what are some flaws, some bad things about App Academy"". The one thing I can point to, which I got over once I bought into the program is this: you are not attending a/A to create a startup when you graduate. I have a ton of ideas for startups, yes, but if it's one thing I learned during my time at a/A, it's that programming is very hard and it will take time (and more importantly, work experience) for you to be good. The goal of an a/A graduate is to get a job, not to start a company with a cool new application that revolutionizes an industry. Get a job, pay us back, get some experience, and then go start a company. That is the message and to be honest, I agree with it. Now some other bootcamps, like Full Stack Academy, have avenues for students to pursue their startup aspirations. This is a luxury that only a school who is already paid can afford. At a/A, they don't make money unless you do and most startups don't make money, they cost money (trust me, I know firsthand). Now, if they don't get paid unless you do, that means they have a vested interest in your getting paid. This system of deffered tuition is one that Milton Friedman espoused in his book Free To Choose. He devised this as a way to pay for education without the government paying for it, but admitted it would be very difficult to implement. Well, App Academy implemented and guess what, it works! The curriculum kicks ass. It is laid out in such a way that each topic builds on the next and moves very quickly so that every week your knowledge grows exponentially. I'm not going to go into specifics on the curriculum, the website does that. But I will say that I remember thinking often, ""Wow, this curriculum is so good."" Thank Ned Ruggeri et al!In summary, and this has been a long review, I highly recommend App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"After accumulating six figures of debt and few hard skills at college, I had developed a cynical attitude about education as a whole. I discovered an interest in programming at work and when I realized that I'd reached a limit in my capacity for technical... Read More growth, I considered my options. Another 2-4 years in college was a big no-no (fool me twice, shame on me) and, for similar reasons, spending 15-20k upfront on a bootcamp with no guarantee of success seemed like a bad bet.App Academy was groundbreaking. For the first time, I found a school whose tuition model aligned with my own personal goals. The better I did, the better AA did.The rumors are all true. No amount of words can describe the rigor and the challenge of the program. An 80-90 hour weekly commitment is typical. You'll lose sleep. You'll be challenged consistently and think ""I'm not sure I can finish this"". You'll be surrounded (and outcompeted) by some of the most gifted people you'll ever meet. You'll fail to understand a topic on a Saturday and pass an exam on it on Monday. Once the learning curriculum concludes, you're thrust into the job search, which is filled with entirely different challenges -- personal projects, phone calls, take-home assessments, technical screenings, whiteboarding sessions, in-person interviews, salary negotiations.And then, almost miraculously, things start working out. You get complimented on your GitHub code at interviews, you do well at whiteboarding sessions, you get offers that are almost double what you earned at your previous job. You have the confidence to choose which offers to accept and which to reject.A single review can't do AA justice. It truly provides a life-changing experience. The TAs are phenomenal --- amazingly brilliant people who not only understand the material but have a genuine desire to help others. The in-class pair programming assignments are perfectly structured; there is enough material to ensure a good 5-6 hours a day could be spent coding. The caliber of the students is phenomenal -- lots of different backgrounds, experiences, and perspectives. The job placements team is stellar as well; all were confident career coaches that were eager to lift you up and fill you with optimism.All in all, I have zero regrets about the program. All promises were kept. It was the most challenging educational endeavor I've ever attempted but, thanks to App Academy, I feel confident about my future as a software engineer. If you're passionate about the field and are willing to put in the hard work, there's no better place to learn web development.Read Less",app-academy
"The program throws a ton of work at you so it is impossible to relax. However, this ensures you progress much quicker than you would be able to on your own, and all the teachers and classmates are very supportive throughout the curriculum.",app-academy
This program has an amazing curriculum and community! I have never felt more driven to succeed. Both the students around you and the TA truly want you to be the best you can be! The curriculum as well is built after many cohorts of perfecting anything... Read More that they could. The payment plan is also built to enable you to succeedRead Less,app-academy
"App Academy is definitely rigorous, curriculum wise. Be ready to live and breathe programming. The program is definitely not suited for every person, but no prior experience in programming is neccesary. Come with the mindset to job search for a long time.... Read More A lot of people find jobs within 1, 2 months of graduating, but that is not always the case and I came the closest to rock bottom as I've been my whole life.This was the best career decision of my life. It was an incredible journey from start to finish. From learning basic Ruby to making full web applications to getting my first offer three months into the job search. You get out as much as you put in.Read Less",app-academy
"The program is very fast paced! Prepare to work hard every day for long hours. But that being said, the course structure and curriculum are very well designed, and definitely provide a rock solid foundation for a career in software engineering.We learned... Read More all the layers of full stack web development, with special emphasis on core computer science concepts (algorithmic complexity, data structures, OOP, security principles etc) which I think sets App Academy apart from other coding programs.I sincerly doubt I could have become the coder that I am today without App Academy. Landed my first job as a frontend developer at a growing company in Financial District and I owe a lot to App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall happy with what I learned at a/A. There's a lot to take in, and it is a stressful period of time, but for many like me who have little to no coding experience, I'm amazed with the amount I learned in such a brief period of time. If you have the... Read More opportunity to join this bootcamp and are ready to commit, I would recommend App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"The resources available are amazing. The curriculum is always changing to keep up with the latest technologies. As a result, it's not always the most polished, but it's probably the best way to learn the latest tech. This is facilitated by the amazing... Read More TA's who are always available, even outside of class hours via slack or email. My classmates were all awesome people and it was nice having a space to come in and study. (I hear they're upgrading locations again, too).As for cons, the pacing of the curriculum was pretty bad, but they try to do their best to time assessments and projects to be as manageable as possible. Even then, because of the sheer quantity of materials to learn, it behooves you to keep up and understand where you're at as best as possible. I didn't find the curriculum to be too stressful coming from a specialized high school/ medical school background. I also had a basic understanding of a lot of programming concepts, so I was definitely at a bit of an advantage over my classmates who had to teach themselves the basics of coding a month or two before starting the course. Generally speaking, if you made it past the interview process, you've got what it takes to pass the course. The job support portion is nice, but there are a lot of students so it might be difficult to pin down subtle issues you're having with the job search. If you reach out, though, you'll get the support you need.Some advice: SLEEP. Especially if you have an assessment the next morning. Your priority during boot camp MUST be in this order from most important to least important: Sleep, food, studying, everything else. If you do not sleep properly, you will not retain the information you're cramming, especially if it's all completely new. You will learn the most by doing what you read about the night before, and you won't be able to code the next day on no sleep and an empty stomach. Also, when you apply to jobs, apply to everything at once. You will have the best chances while all your projects are fresh. You have nothing to lose by getting in touch with hiring managers and CEO's of companies. Do what it takes and be sure to keep coding. Good luck.If you're just starting off your research into boot camps, a/A is one of the best, especially in NYC. You will need to save up a lot of money in order to support yourself and pay a deposit. I would recommend saving around $15k to be safe, $12k bare minimum.Read Less",app-academy
"I was in the NYC May 2017 cohort, and was lucky enough to make it through to the end. I came in with a bit of development experience, but App Academy helped me take it to the next level. To simplify things, I'll boil it down to a few pros/cons that I... Read More felt to be true after my three month adventure.Pros: - you will be surrounded by very smart people with impressive and diverse backgrounds - lots of pair programming (something you can't do alone in the basement)- a/A wants you to succeed since they're making an investment in you from day one- streamlined yet intense curriculum that will set you up for a job afterwards- tuition model means you don't have to pay upfrontCons:- As mentioned by many others, your social life will be nonexistent during the course- You don't get much freedom in terms of what you do/learn in the main course- If you're not meeting bare expectations, you'll be asked to leave- Stress. Lots of stress.Read Less",app-academy
I started a/A for the summer cohort 2017. Below I'll discuss some of the pros and cons of my experience. But first a little insight in to my background as a software developer before app Academy...there is none. I went into to app academy with no knowledge... Read More other than what was required from their prep course and now I can produce quality full stack apps.Pros:-The curriculum is good -The curriculum is gold-They want you to succeed -Everyone is extremely supportive at every step-Geared towards developing both technical and interpersonal skillsCons:-Fast pace is an understatement; it's a good thing and a somewhat negative trait-You literally have no life for 3+ months-The prep course didn't prepare you enough for the intensity of the material you will be facing. You do get there though... eventually.Read Less,app-academy
"I believe enrolling at App Academy was the best decision I could have made when I decided to transition into software development. If you enter this program hungry to learn and open to possibilities, you'll gain a ton of valuable technical skills as well... Read More as computer science basics that will help direct your own continued learning. I entered this program with no technical knowledge at all (Microsoft Excel was my limit) and came out of it having built full-stack apps and with a job offer from a startup working in a completely different stack from the one we learned at a/A. I also have the confidence to take that job, knowing I'll be able to learn what I need quickly and well.This was a super difficult process--don't enroll unless you're able to essentially turn off the rest of your life for the duration of the program--but I made it out and couldn't be happier with the experience.Read Less",app-academy
"Hi, everyone. My name is Vladyslav Stadnyk, I am current student of App Academy. And this bootcamp is one of the best things happened to me. I had no clue about coding 7 months ago, then I decided to change my career ( because of the couple reasons ).... Read More In February 2017 I joined App Academy bootcamp prep, they prepared me so I had been accepted to bootcamp curriculum program. People here are talented, well-qualified and most important very supportive, because sometimes you really need support. The program is very intense, make sure you prepare. But it is totally worth it. Right now I can create web app, I am familiar with couple coding languages, I feel like I am worth 6-figure salary :).Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum has been top-notch so far. I am constantly amazed at how much I have learned in the last 2 months. I have friends who spent four years at an undergraduate institute who have confirmed that the work we have been doing will definitely be... Read More useful for the future job search. Furthermore, all of the TA's and instructors are incredibly invested in my learning, which is something that I appreciate. Especially with something like coding, having an expert be able to provide support when I run into a difficult bug has really helped the learning process. I would say that the boot camp is worth it, especially with their business model.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall I had a very good experience at App Academy. The instructors are incredibly knowledgeable and helpful, and for the most part my fellow students were as well. I do wish there was more focus on JavaScript over Ruby but don't feel that I can't hit... Read More the ground running after completing the js portion of the curriculum. My one and only suggestion for a/A would be to incorporate more solo time over pair programming. Of course I understand the benefits of pair programming but in a course that is so packed with material that NEEDS to be learned and absorbed daily, for those of us that don't learn as well in a pair situation this can be a hinderance. All in all though, if you are hesitant about a/A or wondering if it is the right fit for you I would definitely say do it. I certainly don't regret my decision. (I haven't rated the job support because I am going through it now)Read Less",app-academy
"I was really intrigued by the tuition model and good reviews and was not disappointed at the beginning of the program. However, due to poor planning skills the office was moved into a crowded warehouse in an unsafe area of town. There are only two toilets... Read More for 100 people and the building lacks basic amenities like a kitchen, shades on the windows, A/C, and carpeting. It is a poor work environment and management is not doing all it can to current these issues. Even though future cohorts will be located in a nicer space (hopefully), I learned a lot about how App Academy runs its business and its low ethical standards for treating its students. Finally, the information on this website is outdated. Class size is 80 people, and price has jumped to a whopping $28,000 for deferred payment after the program, a much higher cost than its competitors and with no additional perks.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: Classmates are really supportive, hard working, knowledgeable, and the most interesting bunch I met. Pair programming is effective and a fun way to learn, and coding curriculum is well put together and informative. TAs are very helpful, friendly,... Read More and supportive. Cons: - Expect to spend 70-100 hours per week. - 2 failed assessments and you are out of the program.- There absolutely needs to be more monitors with cables/cords and computer equipment readily available for all students to use in the job search curriculum portion of the program. Resources are lacking in that area.Read Less",app-academy
"​App Academy was the best decision I made and it was such an amazing experience. I graduated college with a Biology degree and was planning to go to physical therapy school, but my grades and GRE scores were not competitive enough, so I felt stuck. I... Read More was looking for a career change and that's how I found App Academy.I strongly suggest learning how to code a bit to see if you like it! I ended up finding it more enjoyable to learn than studying for my GREs. I've never coded before and I had no CS or SWE friends, but I followed my instincts and decided to apply to App Academy. For the interview process, I checked out the resources provided by App Academy to prepare for the coding challenges and found them helpful for getting a good start. I went through every possible interview round there was.. first it was a timed coding challenge which I passed, but decided to attend their Jumpstart program where you have the chance to be accepted straight into the program if you pass their assessments (Which I highly encourage if you can make it out to SF for two weeks - just email them for more information about it). Unfortunately, I didn't pass Jumpstart, so I returned to SoCal and continued with my interview process. I went through a live coding test, a homework assignment, a timed test, another live coding test, and then finally making it to the behavioral interview before receiving the acceptance email.Program:- If you are thinking about doing a career shift and have zero coding experience, know that it's possible but you will have to put in a lot of work to learn the material and not fall behind. App Academy will be difficult. They move at a really fast pace and it will be hard to keep up if you fall behind.- Be prepared to have no life outside of coding for 3 months. Because they're also open on the weekends, I went to a/A every single day during the program. Take advantage of the study area since they have computers, a restroom, and a kitchen! Why go to a coffee shop and struggle to find open seats :) There were nights where I dreamt about code, went to sleep thinking about code, and woke up thinking about code. - Don't feel down if you see that those around you are doing a lot better than you, a lot of times I realized that those around me have either coded before, taken CS classes, or have prior experience. - Make sure to study well for the assessments, they are timed so make sure to practice taking them over and over and over again if you don't do well under pressure.- Staff/TA was great! They split everyone into smaller groups, so there's a good amount of TAs per group. We had weekly circle time where we went around in a circle and talked about our week which I really liked.Job Search:- My biggest challenge was to study algorithms, data structures, and mostly CS concepts since I did not have that background, but just study consistently the areas you feel you're weak at and practice. Set up a good routine and schedule for yourself.- Constantly check in with your coach! Meet up to study and keep up the momentum or applying to jobs with your cohort mates. Support each other.- Buy yourself a whiteboard to practice writing out problems. Be comfortable talking about yourself and your projects (it's going to get repetitive)- I wanted to wait until I received a job offer to leave a review... so I am happy to say that after 4 months of job searching, I received an offer from a company I am super excited to work for! Thank you App Academy!Read Less",app-academy
"Writing this review 12 weeks into the full-time course I can honestly say that I was able to find a great deal of value from attending the course. Coming into App Academy with little programming experience, I've noticed my skillset improve week by week... Read More in a tangible way. My experience in interacting with the staff has been largely positive as well. The TA's are all very knowledgeable and great at leading you to develop a full understanding of the material that you are working on. My favorite part of attending the program has been making connections with the other individuals going through the course. This program is definitely a full time commitment, and the workload estimate of 90+ hours a week is accurate. To anyone looking to attend the full time course, I highly recommend the program, with the caveat that you ready to dedicate 3 months+ of your life (not including the time spent job searching full time after the course), eating, sleeping and breathing code.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy this past winter, and it was a great program start to finish. Some background on me - I was coming from a software background building ads in Flash. I never had any organized instruction in software, so I pretty much only learned... Read More what I dealt with on a day to day basis. After a few years, Flash was almost dead, and I knew I had to get my skillset more in line with the current tech ecosystem. I enrolled in App Academy, and start to finish it was an awesome experience. They had the right mix of lectures, well-written readings, and actual coding. Every day you'd be paired with a new partner, and then at night you'd have readings and homework to buff up your skills. It was a TON of work, but it was so busy and interesting that it never felt frustrating or overwhelming. It was just a matter of telling all your friends ""I can't hang out for a couple months,"" and then putting the time in. That's a tall order I'm sure, but I think it was worth it. I swear at one point during a break, I felt my brain tingling from all the thinking I had been doing.Anyway, they taught a wonderful full stack curriculum that left me well prepared for coding challenges and interviews. It took me a while, but my new job is paying me 30,000 more than my previous software job. App Academy is an intense program, but for me it was one of the most personally rewarding decisions I ever made.Read Less",app-academy
"I am currently studying at App Academy. I think I have made a great choice. Curriculum:The Curriculum is great and intense. Every night you will have homework and readings. Each morning you will have lectures and each afternoon you will do pair coding.... Read More Most of the time you won't complete the daily projectThere will be 6 assessments and at least three large projects during the cohort. It's not a joke of drinking from the fire hydrant. There is more and more stress every day.No one is super confident through the whole cohort. or understand everything App Academy teaches you. At some point, you will feel behind. The TAs will tell you it's normal. You should believe it. At least I do. Do your best to learn everything. Use all your time to work hard on it and believe you could make it through.Tomorrow is our graduation day.Read Less",app-academy
"By now there are tonnes of reviews for a/A and they are all true. The problem lies in who exactly they are true for. We all come from so many different backgrounds and lifestyles that our experiences can vastly differ from the reviews we read. However,... Read More there is one constant among us, the will to learn software development and the hope to get a great job in the industry. While I can't really comment on the second aspect (haven't actually begun job hunting yet), at the end of the day if you want to learn how to quickly and effectively develop software AND have a great time with your cohort mates and TAs, a/A is undoubtedly one of the best places you can choose to attend. A few caveats that you should pay attention to. You have to eat, sleep and breath code. You have to constantly give more and more of your time and effort as the course progresses. As soon as you think things might start slowing down and you might have room to breath, the course will get more intense. So one of the best advice I can give to any one who gets accepted into a/A: KEEP UP WITH THE WORKLOAD, regardless of your daily schedule. The curriculum is one of the best, believe in it to teach you the skills you need as long as you can do what it tells you to do. On top of that the TAs (atleast in my ""pod"") are some of the nicest, smartest and the most knowledgeable people I have ever met. Use them.The job search curriculum seems to slightly drop in quality (Not the lectures on actual job search, those are great, but the organization and content of that part of the overall course). The intensity never drops and you are forced to be more independent in your work, though do note that this is by design. You still learn buttloads of good stuff, especially on how to actually get a job which is what everything led up to. Despite that it feels a bit lacking coming from the main curriculum.On a final note. There will always be times when you feel in over your head. There will always be times when you doubt your own ability. But if you are willing to ignore those thoughts and keep pushing through with the right mindset, trust me, you will become a software developer. Hopefully I'll remember to update the review once I get a job. Until then, good luck.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:Great resources and environment - Curriculum is designed day by day and it is clear what to learn and practice every single day throughout the course, and it will lead you to be able to build the full stack application by the week of 10. If you get... Read More stuck (especially debugging), you can ask TAs and circle leader for help anytime, and they are experienced, welcoming and awesome to work with!Cons:Workload and assessment pressure - Even though the course ends 6pm, there are a lot of readings and homework everyday. If you can't commit 70 - 90 hours a week, you might feel behind or not ready for the assessment. Failing the assessment twice means having to leave the program, so there are a lot pressures to handle. Context:I attended May cohort 2017. Prior to the actual program, I attended the 2 weeks program called Jumpstart, that teaches the basics of Ruby language to pass the border of admission. After receiving acceptance, I went through the online a/A preflight materials called Alpha course for about a month. Once the actual course starts, time flies so fast. I gave up a lot of things on weekends for the course, but making apps and solving problems is exciting and I currently enjoy working on the flex project with my awesome classmates. I could have done this much without a/A.Read Less",app-academy
"As many others have already mentioned, this is a rigorous course that will require at least a 70-80+ work week. Despite the demands of this program, the experience has been greatly rewarding for me. After two months I was able to create a web app from... Read More an idea I had for a while (that was the reason for me pursuing software development in the first place.) The students you're around are also incredibly hard working and its inspiring to learn and work with them. Some side effects of this bootcamp: since the pace is so rapid it'll force you to confront with yourself with learning how to learn. It'll also help teach you how to develop a strong work ethic that requires serious commitment and sacrifice. Downsides: the learning curriculum is done via pair programming with another student for six hours almost everyday. Although I see the value of pair programming forcing you talk through your ideas and working collaboratively, I also I believe learning should mostly be a personal experience and journey where you have the space to explore you're own thoughts on concepts. I wished pair programming happened only 2-3 days of the week instead of the usual 5.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy provides people the opportunity to switch to a different career and grow as a software developer. My experience there was great and rewarding. The course itself is intense and challenging and definitely requires hard work and dedication. I... Read More think people should take into consideration how much time and work it actually takes to succeed in the course. I wish though there can be more support and opportunities for women and minorities to succeed there. Over all, I do recommend the course, however, it is not for everyone. You will need a lot of support from your family and friends close to you.Read Less",app-academy
"I am currently in the job search portion of the course (so my review doesn't include any experiences regarding how well the bootcamp actually prepared me to find a software development job). It's been a really busy 12 weeks, but I've learned a ton in... Read More this time. Pretty much all weekday nights and most weekends will need to be dedicated to doing work, so be prepared for that if you decide to apply. The leturers, TAs, and the curriculum are all great. I think they try to teach you too much in a short amount of time, and it's easy to feel overwhelmed. I do think that the cost of App Academy is must higher than most other bootcamps and the experience you get may not be worth the additional cost. Overall though, it's been a great experience.Read Less",app-academy
"TL;DRYes, you will learn enough at App Academy to find employment as a software engineer and earn salary at market rate, but be prepared to do a good amount of work on your own after the program.I graduated from App Academy earlier this year. I was waiting... Read More until I found a job before I wrote this review. To be transparent, App Academy offers a free sweatshirt for writing reviews, regardless of rating, but my intention here is to share my experience and honest opinions.Initially I applied to App Academy and Hack Reactor, as these appeared to be the top two bootcamps with the most rigorous admissions process. I ended up choosing App Academy because you learn two languages, Javascript and Ruby, and they offer tuition deferment. The curriculum is App Academy's best asset. I can attest that they teach Ruby, Rails, SQL, and React very thoroughly. They lay a strong foundational basis for Javascript, jQuery, HTML/CSS, and algorithms for you to improve upon later. And you will have to study some of these topics on your own to get to a level sufficient for employment, particularly when it comes to Javascript. Other positive points of the program include pair programming, supportive staff, smart cohort mates, etc. The staff for the most part consists of App Academy graduates, teaching and non. This is a double edged sword; on the one hand they know the curriculum very well, having gone through it themselves, but as most of them don't have industry experience, it becomes challenging when you have question beyond the scope of the curriculum. App Academy is also deeply committed to providing a safe, inclusive environment. They take violations of their code of conduct incredibly serious and as a female of color, I very much appreciated these efforts.The job search curriculum is not as strong as the academic portion, but it is a work in progress and constantly changing. I was expecting App Academy to have built connections with recruiters and companies over the past several years, but that was not the case. There is a small team called Talent Match that does focus on outreach to companies, but no one that I know in my cohort or previous cohorts has found work through them. You are pretty much on your own in terms of finding and securing work. App Academy provides resources and suggestions on where to look for work, how to write your resume and cover letter, how to network, what networking events are happening each week, interview practice, etc. but this information is also readily available on the internet. They do have a relatively good alumni network (that's how I ended up finding my job) but that is mostly dependent on the individual and how willing they are to help others. I'd like to see App Academy have hiring partners that recruit directly from App Academy graduates and continue building their alumni network.In the end, it took me three months to find a job, which is about average. For me, the job search was the hardest part. I had to do CONSIDERABLE additional learning on my own, with little App Academy structure and the entire reason I wanted to attend a bootcamp in the first was place was to have everything laid out for me. Recently App Academy added a job seeker program which was somewhat helpful in organizing my time and giving me some form of structure. From what I've seen, it's taking each cohort longer and longer to find work. Alums I spoke to from a couple years ago often found work within weeks. The first person from my cohort to find work took almost a month. This is no surprise considering the volume of students that App Academy and other bootcamps graduate every few weeks. The best piece of advice I can give here is to be prepared for that both financially and mentally. Also recognize that it really is a numbers game, the more jobs you apply to, the better your chances of an interview, and the more interviews, the better you get at them, the more likely you are to get an offer.To address and/or echo some of the comments/criticisms that have made here. Yes, the 13 weeks are extremely time intensive and you will probably feel burned out at the end (I know I did). You don't have much time to recover post program/pre applying to jobs, however, I did find the staff accommodating and reasonable like humans, not like corporate robots. There are rules because students perform better when there are consequences but the rules are not so rigid that App Academy will not work you if have a concern.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has life changing potential. I think we can all agree on that given that the program offers to make you eligible for Software Developer jobs in the span of three months. There are some caveats though. I'll address the negatives of the program... Read More before I delve into why I think it is a fantastic program that everyone should consider. The a/A lifestyle is not for everyone. Whether you are invited to Jumpstart, or make it through to receiving an offer, it becomes quite apparent that a/A does its best to recruit the best, brightest, and youngest to their program. Completing this program fortified my passion for coding. If you can't picture yourself coding from 9am-6pm (with a lovely 75 minute lunch) and then doing homework until 10 or 11PM every night, then you may want to reconsider. The material itself is not super, super dense, there's just an absolute ton that they shove at you in 8 weeks. In essence, be ready for your lifestyle to be a/A all the time. Myself, and a lot of my cohort mates would take Saturday off and play basketball Sunday mornings - so I want to be transparent when I say that although it consumes your entire life, there are patches of time to catch your breath. The range of students also varies considerably, but by the end of the program everyone is committed to finishing together. One fact that I heard a lot, yet still surprised me was how diverse the cohorts are. Keep in mind software engineering is some really hard stuff. Learning Javascript in one week is not for the weak, so it makes sense that a majority of attendees come from prestigious schools. If that makes you wary, don't be. We had students with backgrounds from MIT, Standford, Princeton, dozens of mechanical and electrical engineers, former employees at firms such as Google, Goldman Sachs, Mckinsey. But we also had multiple people who failed college, only attended community college, had never held a job more than 25k. I think youre starting to get the picture. The people that have a limited background in tech/engineering/coding do typically do better but that's true with most endeavors in life so I hope that doesn't deter anyone reading this. What's vitally more important is being flexible and having a lot of drive. There's not a person above 30 in our group, and it makes sense given that a lot of us dropped everything to come to a city with the highest rents in the country and a full-time curriculum to learn in a matter of months. It's overwhelming, and they specifically design it that way. Again, I want to repeat that because people will bash a/A for stopping to help them when they're struggling, or going too quickly through the material, but they design the course to make it feel like you're always inches away from drowning. They don't have time to make it easy because you're competing with unemployed young guns with a fancy CS degree and boatload of knowledge.Their contract sounds strict, but when it comes down to it they really want to help you find a job. If they had any loop holes they'd be exposed and taken advantage of. You can't offer someone a free curriculum without being sure that they will do everything they can to go out and get that job upon completion. Again, you have to be ready to work and that is even truer during the job search curriculum. It's also worth mentioning, because people read too many marketing materials and get a ridiculous thought in their heads, that they will make 100k in 12 weeks. There are probably 2-5 people in our graduating cohort (out of 70) that could obtain that. The majority of graduates take 90 days to find a job so take that into account as you're doing your preparation. A few parts of my a/A experience that I am forever grateful for are the relationships that you make and the material that you learn. It's actually pretty easy to show up to a place that day in and day out keeps trying throw more and more work on top of you. The biggest reason is because you develop extremely close relationships with a lot of people as you tackle trial and tribulations together. In the end, you enter the job market with a network of 1000+ a/A grads that know everything you went through. Don't underestimate the people in your cohort. A lot of us all came in with the same mentality of buckling down and getting the job. Like actual software development, you need to rely on your team in order to achieve.Every day is long and tiring. Every day will waver your self-confidence and raise your level of impostor syndrome to unprecedented heights. But every day is also extremely riveting and fulfilling. You will do and create things you wouldn't imagine. You find a way to get it done, and then you do it. That's engineering. That's innovation.Any questions, feel free to shoot me an e-mail. I was once in your shoes but somehow after twelve weeks of telling myself to take it one day at a time, I finally emerged as a software developer - and know that you can too.Read Less",app-academy
ProsVery knowledgeable TAsCaring StaffStudents encouraging each otherChallenging curriculumConsRequires 100+ hours a weekDesigned for students with prior coding experience,app-academy
"App Academy has probably been one of the best and most unique experiences I've had. I was admitted through their JumpStart program, which I gave me a good sense of the actual bootcamp would be like. Even though I have no prior coding experience, App Academy... Read More has provided me the resources I needed to succeed. PROS:- STAFF: App Academy has amazing staff members. They're always very willing to provide help and share their experiences with you. All the TA's have gone through the program previously, so they really understand how you feel. Everyone is very knowledgeable and ready to tackle your next bug.- CURRICULUM: The curriculum is constantly being updated to match the current state of the industry. They know what is hot at the moment and what employers are looking for. Every night there is always homework and readings to be completed to prepare for the next day.CONS:- STRICT: Because of their unique business model, they do have to hold us accountable. Assessments happen often, and you have to be prepared for them. If you fail two assessments, you will be asked to leave the program.- WORKLOAD: Be prepared to dedicate yourself 110% to this program. It really is a commitment and determination.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is one of the most difficult programs I have ever attended. Not only does app academy tell you all the fundamentals to succeed in the tech industry, it also teaches you how to learn a lot in a quick amount of time. If you do get in, you not... Read More will not much time to do anything else besides program for the next 3 months. It is one hell of a journey. There could be a lot of improvements to app academy's infrastructure, but what made my experience amazing was the people. You will meet tons of individuals with different backgrounds and places in life, but what makes you guys similar is how hardworking everyone is. There is lots of learn in a/A both interpersonal interactions in pair programming and software engineering knowledge. It is not for everyone, Best of luck if you do attend!Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy in May 2017. It is a 13 week course that trains you to become a web developer through their rigorous program. I came into the program knowing little to no coding. I attended jumpstart before hand which was a free prep course that... Read More trained students for the interview process. The overall process was a positive one. From week 1-9, the curriculum is a lot to take in. Prepare for a lot of long days and nights especially if you are new to coding. The amount of knowledge that you need to take in can seem crazy at times, but if you put in the time and effort, the experience is rewarding. It would've been hard for me to believe if someone told me that I could make a website at the end of nine weeks. But it is totally doable, and if you want to get into programming, I don't know a better place than App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
This is a 13+ week intensive bootcamp. You will be expected to put in 90-100 hours a week and the difficulty of the program goes up over the course. I took the course because I needed the structure of having a curriculum and I got exactly what I wanted... Read More from it. You learn a full development stack and they teach you the best programming practices.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy has been great so far in terms of having a structured environment for learning and partially teaching yourself to code. TAs provide assistance along this journey as well as classmates. It's a lot of work and can be stressful at times but other... Read More classmates and TAs provide a great support system. Material taught in the curriculum is good as it's adapted to the current trends in the industry. It's very intensive but if you have the determination, you get through the course and attain the end goal of starting a new career in tech.Read Less",app-academy
"This is a 13+ week intensive bootcamp. To be changing careers within 12 weeks is not easy. They make sure that you are putting 100% into the curriculum by having assessments to check if you are keeping up and make sure that you know the current trending... Read More technologies. However, the cohort itself has been getting bigger and bigger but not having enough TAs for individual attention. This means you will be spending more time teaching yourself which is actually a good thing considering that they won't be there for you during actual job (need to learn to be independent). They are making a lot of effort to provide the best 13 week+ experience by constantly updating the curriculum. However, they definitely could make some changes on the job search part of the curriculum. Other than that, I enjoyed every single week.Read Less",app-academy
"The program teaches you valuable skills to get a job in this competitive market. A lot of the teacher assistants have personally been through the program themselves which makes it easy for them to understand our struggles. The curriculum was intense and... Read More at some points you struggle to find time to finish all the material which would come from your sleeping time. Overall its worth the time, effort and money.Read Less",app-academy
"So, coming from a background in art, everything was challenging for me since jumpstart time. I used be academically successful but now I feel like stupid everyday here at app academy. But you know what, I made it through(barely)! and so can anyone else!... Read More I am currently in the eleventh week. I still feel challenged everyday but each time after I get through with these challenges, my feeling of achievement triples. I guess everyone will repeat this same pattern over and over throughout the course, and each time after you do, you will realize how much more you have learned. I certainly had a very wonderful experience here working with people, including teachers, who are motivate in a similar way. I get a lot of help and was able to learn so many things everyday. It was fun!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy gives you the tools needed to change your life. The first thing to get out of the way is that the course is not easy. The 80-100 hours a week that they estimate you will spend on the course is not an exaggeration. You can easily expect to... Read More spend 9am-10pm 7 days a week at App Academy, but it is worth it in the end. The course takes so much time out of your life because they want to give you everything that will make you successful in the world of software development after graduation. They not only give you the coding tools, but they also spend copious amounts of time teaching you how to succeed in the interview stage and really show your self off!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was the most time-consuming and stressful experience of my life thus far, but I am amazed at how much I was able to learn in such a short amount of time. The instructors and students do a wonderful job of pushing you to continue despite tiredness... Read More and frustration. The hands-on learning style and very knowledgeable instructors/TAs make for an effective learning environment.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is one of my biggest decision in life to date. I am currently in week 10 of the program, and it has been everything that I expected and more.The hours are not a joke. Expect to put in 80-100 hours a week on programming and do nothing else.... Read More Coming from a engineering background, I was really relaxed for the first two weeks, but the the program quickly outpaced my existing knowledge. I started learning completely new technologies every week, and got tested the following week on a decent level. The fast-paced program helped me learn a lot in a short period of time, which I definitely could not have accomplished on my own.The people you meet here are incredible, I didn't think there would actually be graduates from Harvard MBA, Stanford, MIT, or ex-workers from Google, Pinterest.The only thing you have to know that App Academy is still a company and it has to make profi. They try to pack a lot of materials into the job search curriculum where you build your javascript project and flex project, each in less than a week. So the last couple weeks of the program can be a little overwhelming.Overall a great experience!Read Less",app-academy
App Academy is a great bootcamp for kickstarting a career as a software developer. The curriculum is comprehensive and constantly being updated to ensure its relevance. Be prepared to focus all of your energy to the bootcamp as it will require about 80... Read More hours a week. The one downside to App Academy is that you are required to continue to come into App Academy until you find a job.Read Less,app-academy
"The project and your peers will push you to work harder than ever. Even though learning programming is relatively personal, it's worth it if one is not perfect on self-discipline.",app-academy
"App Academy will kick your butt like nothing else you've done in life, but it's all worth it in the end. You'll be amazed at how much you learned so quickly, so stick with it and tough it out!",app-academy
"App Academy was an extremely difficult but rewarding time. Recommended only to extremely ambitious and driven individuals. I was amazed at how much I learned in a short amount of time. I went from barely knowing Ruby and some Javascript knowing how to... Read More make a fullstack web application (Ruby on Rails backend framwork and a React-Redux frontend architecture.) It wasn't soley about learning the material, you learn a lot of best programming practices, how to asymptotically analyze your functions and algorithms for time and space complexity, and principles of OOP. Its great to know that their curriculum is updated with every new cohort (sometimes even during if a new technology is pressing enough.) Something to remember is its definitely a bootcamp. I was pulling on average 95-100 hour weeks to keep up. It made my experience in college seem trivial in comparison. Like anything else, if you get accepted, you eoll get out of it what you put into it.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, App Academy is a great program: The curriculum is for the most part, adequately structured as well as relevant to the current web development market. The staff (especially the Teaching Assistants who all went through the same program) are excellent... Read More for the most part, and greatly benefit both struggling students as well as those who like to get ahead with extra material throughout the course. I attended this program because of its longstanding history of excellence in the job market as well as the deferred payment plan. Be forewarned, however, that in the interest of the company's business model, students under the deferred tuition plan WILL be expected to put in many hours during the job search, and will face a variety of pressures during the assessment as well as the post-program period as App Academy tries their very best to get you a job, so they can be paid in full. This may come as a surprise, but in the end benefits the student as they ALSO should want to find a job as soon as possible. Furthermore, the curriculum is only the barebones of what is expected of a constantly growing industry, and learning programs and technologies on the fly is essential to any software developer regardless of where they are at. Thus, the students attending should be aware of the fact that a job is not GUARANTEED in any way, and will need to put in EXTRA work during or after the program, no matter how intense the program itself is. 80-100 hours per week is NOT a joke, even for those who are ahead, as there are always things to be done, or learned. The more the student gets ahead while they know the material, the better their experience will be. All in All, App Academy is a great place to learn the basics of web development as well as the job search process, but like any other bootcamp, requires much more effort from the student themselves. I recommend that anyone thinking about applying also consider and prepare themselves to do nothing but eat, sleep, and code for at least 3- 6 months.Read Less",app-academy
"When I told my parents I was interested in pursuing software development, that I found a good program that boast awesome stats, they (and everyone else I knew) was pretty skeptical. To be honest, even I was skeptical. But, I took a leap of faith and am... Read More so glad I did.App Academy is a boot camp (seriously). You'll average 60-80+ hours a week grinding through problems and concepts. You will have little to no social life. You will dream (okay, have nightmares) about code.In exchange, you will become a better critical thinker and problem solver than you ever thought possible. You'll become acquainted with very exceptional people, and your mind will be blown away by people's genius. At the end of the long and challenging road, you'll walk away with a six figure salary, and will get paid to just solve puzzles all day.All in all, App Academy was the single best decision I've made for myself as a full-fledge adult.Read Less",app-academy
"At App Academy there are an amazing staff of instructors and advisers who work hard to make sure you have the tools you need in order to change your career path and become a developer. You'll have to put in the hard work, they are not joking when they... Read More say ~80-90 hours a week, but if you put in the time you will see results; ask for help, stay curious, and review.Enrolling in App Academy was everything I was looking for and easily the best decision I've made in my adult life.Read Less",app-academy
"The deferred payment model is unparalleled, and it baffles me that other bootcamps have still not caught on. It really helps you feel/understand that they are on your side to get you a job! A high-paying job at that! I just got hired, actually, by a company... Read More I really enjoy with an offer I really loved!Great environment, great people, a ton to feel proud of, great results! What more could you ask for?Read Less",app-academy
"I've experienced App Academy as a prospective JumpStart student, an enrolled student, graduate, JumpStart TA, Bootcamp Prep TA, and finally as an alumnus. Needless to say, I've gotten a pretty wide breadth of App Academy exposure, and all of it has been... Read More overwhelmingly positive. The JumpStart or Bootcamp Prep admissions processes, while rigorous, provide a great foundation for the skills necessary to be successful at a/A. I've been both enrolled in and a TA for JumpStart, and I found the program as rewarding to teach as it was to learn under. The actual course is no joke. You'll get out what you put in, and be prepared to sacrifice 3 months of your life outside of learning &amp; working. But rest assured: it is worth it. a/A imparts you with not only the technical chops to make it in the industry, but the job-searching, networking, and interviewing skills to get the job you want. After graduation, while working as both a JumpStart and BCP TA, I ended up with a total of 5 job offers, and currently have a job at a great company.Final verdict: Amazing experience, would do it again in a heartbeat. But be prepared to work--you won't regret it.Read Less",app-academy
"This program is a must if you have little to no coding knowledge! Over the 4 week course period App Academy gives you all the tools and knowledge necessary to succeed. You have access to all notes, practice problems, solutions, and explanations ONLINE!... Read More This really helped me study at home and focus while I was in class. Also the instructors Alvin and Chase rock! Super knowledgeable and patient. They're always looking to help and make sure you understand the material. 10/10 would recommend to anyone looking to get into coding.Read Less",app-academy
"I have to admit that going down the path of changing careers is daunting, and really scary. Learning how to code adds another layer of stress. So I really liked how App Academy began our course by stressing how they understood how difficult it can be,... Read More but not to give up. It seems so trivial, but for a team of ""techies"" to believe it's such an important topic to cover shows their compassion in teaching people of all skill levels. That put me at ease early in the course.I'm a beginning coder, with very limited experience so I had a lot of catching up to do to prepare for my bootcamp interviews. However, after these last four weeks in the bootcamp prep course, I am confident that I can tackle most problems, and for those I don't know, at least show my interviewer that I'm able to think like a software engineer by fully explaining my thought process. I've learned so much more in these 4 weeks than I ever would have been able to on my own in the same amount of time. I simply would not have been prepared to interview, now, however, I'm confident that I'll be accepted into one of the top bootcamps this coming fall. It's not easy, and I really liked how our teacher, Alvin, pulled no punches in forcing us to be clear in our code writing and explanation. It was like being in school all over again, but at a much higher level. I fully recommend App Academy's Bootcamp Prep, especially for those career changers who need the skills necessary to succeed, not only in interviewing for a top bootcamp. But those interested in succeeding once they are in!Read Less",app-academy
"I took the App Academy Bootcamp Prep course and really got a lot out of it. I couldn't imagine applying for a top tier coding school without having taken this course. The only experience I had coding previously was from a book about introductory programming.... Read More There’s no way I would’ve been prepared for an interview just from the book alone. One piece of advice for how to succeed in bootcamp prep is to take the pre-course work seriously. It’s important to hit the ground running because one lesson builds on the next. Another thing to remember is how important practicing coding in your free time is. Watching videos and attending lectures helps, but the best way to improve is by sitting in front of a computer, coding and debugging programs. It’s even better to practice with a partner in your free time.Read Less",app-academy
"Overall, AppAcademy was a great experience because despite of how difficult and sometimes unpleasant it is, it gets the job done. You can’t beat the deal of becoming a full-stack engineer earning 100K after merely 3 months of training. Campus - I attended... Read More the campus in NYC. It has great facility. Obviously there are enough computers for everyone, and there are private rooms for people to do phone screens and whatnot.  Teachers - In general they are responsive, knowledgeable, and dedicated. However, sometimes some of them may act impatient and annoyed at you, which is simply unprofessional and immature given their profession. Curriculum - The readings are easy to comprehend (until you get to the React/Redux part, which is not well explained). Video content is delivered clearly. The only bad part I can think of is that it is too fast. Sure, the majority of the students still manage to graduate and get high-paying jobs; but if the course had went 10% slower I think the learning experience would be much better, at least for me. AppAcademy is not perfect, but it is still a great deal for what it offers. I would definitely recommend it to people who want to transition into software development.Read Less",app-academy
"What App Academy offers - a near-six figure salary on average within a year - sounds too good to be true. Three months after graduating, most of my classmates have accepted offers. I received my first offer two weeks after graduating. My job search lasted... Read More 2 months, during which time I received five offers in total. I am now happily working as a full stack engineer at a company I am excited about. App Academy lives up to its promises because it has the brightest instructors and is built on top of a top-notch, stellar curriculum and an incredibly selective application process. My classmates are the most intelligent and talented group of people I have ever been a part of. Graduating from the bootcamp is only possible by setting your entire life on hold and studying and coding 11+ hours every day. Assessments are given weekly, and failing two of them leads to your dismissal from the program. You are expected to digest material very quickly and break your brain on difficult problems every day. The program is incredibly stressful and draining, but really does teach you what you need to know to get hired and grow as a developer. A little bit about the curriculum:The program is broken up into various sections, starting with computer science fundamentals, which focuses on problem-solving skills. Every day focuses on a project that usually involves pair programming. Pair programing helped us learn more quickly and communicate code clearly. The job search curriculum is very useful in guiding graduates in how they should use their time while job hunting.Read Less",app-academy
"Prior to attending App Academy, I had a pretty solid foundation in CS fundamentals from a couple minors during my undergrad. After moving to SF and researching the skillset and breadth of new technologies in order to compete in the tech industry, I needed... Read More and wanted to learn more about the recent technologies. I chose App Academy because their top-notch curriculum is always adapting to what the industry dictates. The three month boot camp really challenged me in my skills as a software engineer. The learning curve is steep, and App Academy is transparent as to the pace of learning needed to be successful in this program. You will be spending every day including weekends working on solo projects, group projects, and mastering new skills. The program goes fast and it is very easy to fall behind if you are not committed or do not do the work. You will not have a social life and will be expected to set aside “life” as all your time and energy will be dedicated to mastering skills and completing projects on time. Do not commit to the program if you are not ready to put all of your time and focus into the program. A highlight of the program is their focus on your career goals. A focus on industry specific lectures will be given in how to master the application process to how to land the ideal salary. The mentors will help you in setting yourself apart from the other applicants by refining resumes, creating the perfect cover letter, and making sure your portfolio is perfect. Tuition is based off your final offer from a company aligning a/A with your goal of landing a dream job. Overall, App Academy invests in each of their students for optimal career success. There are many avenues of support if needed. I truly enjoyed my experience in App Academy and I recommend this program to anyone who is truly ready to become a software developer!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a lot of work, but it is a great program. I really appreciated all of the TAs and their guidance as well as the community of students helping each other out. Be prepared to slave your life away to get through the program. But if you are... Read More prepared and focused you are going to learn a lot to become a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"Hm, how to describe App Academy? For starters, it's hard. Certainly the most challenging course I've taken. Coming from a non-tech background certainly did me no favors, either, but it is certainly doable. That said, I do wish to stress to applicants... Read More that the entire process is a huge commitment. Coding and learning for 12+ hours a day takes its toll and I did not take into account the burnout. I felt truly worn out within the first 2 months. Taking care of yourself is paramount, as the 13 week program is quite the marathon in itself.That said, going through this program allows you to learn so much. It would have taken me so much longer had I chosen to self-study to get to where I am now. And there's still so much to learn, but I feel properly equipped to get through the job search that soon awaits me.Read Less",app-academy
"I was a bit skeptical of the mentioned 90-100hr commitment during my phone interviews but this has definitely held true. Throughout the 12 weeks here, not only have I picked up skills that will always be valuable to me but I've been able to develop a... Read More work ethic and drive that will be even more important in the long run. One of the best things about a/A will have to be the people. Everyone I've worked with and spoken to have been incredibly eager to help one another. There is zero sense of competition. You will not only be pushed by the staff but also your own classmates and thats the way it should be.Though the structure of the curriculum is not for everyone, it is constructed in a way that promotes efficient learning as you learn one concept and the next one builds on top of that. Make sure you do not fall behind with the material as it will definitely bite you in the ass and catching up will be incredibly rough. At the end of the day, seeing projects that I've created on my own is the ultimate reward and App Academy has provided the exact skill set I need to make it happen.Read Less",app-academy
"it was very tough &amp; stressful 12weeks since I need to study more than 100 hours in a week but it was worth it. AppAcademy made me a software developer within 3 months. If you want to change your career to be a successful software engineer, I would recommend... Read More you here.입학률이 5% 미만이고 99%가 미국인입니다. 네이티브 미국인들에게도 입학이 어려운 곳입니다만 입학만 하면 최고의 사람들과 최고의 환경에서 공부할 수 있습니다. 입학이 어려운데에는 그만한 이유가 있다는 것을 말씀드리고 싶고, 현지인들에게 물어도 부트캠프 중에서는 이 곳을 최고로 뽑습니다.미국의 명문대 출신 엘리트들에게 둘러쌓여 매일 매일 자극받으며 공부할 수 있는 좋은 기회였고, 놀라울 정도로 다양한 분야의, 놀라울 정도로 멋진 사람들을 만날 수 있습니다. 코스 시작 직전에 한국에서 미국으로 온 처지라 언어 장벽이 커서 더 힘들었던 것 같습니다만 열심히 한다면 이해하고 따라갈 수 있습니다. 다만 하루 15시간 정도 공부해야한다는 각오가 없다면 추천드리고싶지 않습니다. 일주일에 100시간정도 공부해야만하다고 생각하시면 좋습니다.한국에서는 잘 다루지 않는 Ruby 및 Ruby on rails 에 대해 심도있게 배울 수 있으며, 코스 졸업 시점에는 javascript, css/scss, html5를 포함한 full stack web application 개발에 필요한 스킬을 갖게 됩니다. 커리큘럼도 훌륭하지만 졸업 후 job support가 정말 좋습니다. 수업료가 졸업생들의 연봉으로 결정되는 형태인지라, 너의 성공이 나의 성공이라는 인식이 강해서 아주 열심히 도와줍니다.Read Less",app-academy
"I am in the last weeks of my time at App Academy as I am writing this review. If you're considering App Academy, let me break it down for you.first and foremost, I really did learn a lot. It's hard to believe that I and my fellow students have come as... Read More far as we have in such a short time. As well as most students in my cohort, I had little programming experience prior to joining App Academy. Now, not only do I have a solid foundational knowledge of programming and web-development, I have the confidence and ability to read code docs and teach my self new technologies (a task that can be daunting to someone new to programming). On top of a functional knowledge of web-development, App Academy also teaches some basic computer science and algorithms, exposing me to fields of study I had never appreciated before.That being said, It's really hard. Not just hard because of the sheer amount of knowledge you're expected to learn in such a short time, but the projects and hours are insane. It's not hyperbolic to say you will be pulling a few 100 hour weeks. You don't have time for a job during App Academy, even a part-time weekend job. You don't have time to hangout. You don't have time for anything. There were certainly a few times where I was running on no sleep, pulling an all-nighter, trying to finish all the work given to me, that I thought ""I don't even think I like programming anymore."" I still do, but the workload they give you at App Academy will definitely test your ability and patience. We made some cool projects, but halfway through them, I usually am done caring about them. If that's what it takes to get a project done, then maybe that's the price you pay, but I know that when the workload reaches a certain point, I just can't be motivated enough to care.I will say a big part of App Academy is the job support. They really teach you how to get a job, which is another skill in itself. I think when I get a job, I will greatly appreciate my time at App Academy, even if I wish they would alter the timetable/schedule slightly.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy Curriculums are so awesome. You can't only learn about software but also practice for job search. These curriculums are always updated with new material. Pair programming is the best part. You will learn faster when pair with a lot of partners.... Read More But it is quite intensive because you have to spend over 90 hours to program and learn. Although this experience will provide you a best skills for your career.Read Less,app-academy
"If you want to become a software developer, and you are ready to dedicate 90+ hours a week learning and coding, then App Academy is the right program for you. If you want to learn coding in a structured and supportive environment, then App Academy is... Read More the right program for you. You will learn a lot - Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, React, just to name a few - but it won't be easy and in no means a free ride to becoming a software engineer. You will get as much out of this program as how much you invest in it. Often times, the curriculum does not teach you everything you need to know, and it is your responsibility to do research and ask questions. That last part is important. Ask questions. Understand everything deeply every step of the way. The curriculum is fast paced, culminating in personal projects and a job search curriculum consisting of algorithm lectures and job search mentoring. The program is not perfect, and I expected more. Specifically, I would have preferred to not have all lectures be conducted by TA's most of whom are past App Academy grads (they are very skilled and supportive, don't get me wrong).TL;DR App Academy is a rigorous coding program. Expect to do nothing but code, eat, sleep, and repeat, for 13 weeks, and look for jobs afterwards.Read Less",app-academy
"I am profoundly tired, but deeply satisfied with the rigor of App Academy's curriculum. After spending 90+ hours a week building software next to some of the most ambitious and dedicated people I've ever met, I feel very well equipped to break into the... Read More industry. Don't do this if you're not completely committed to setting life aside for the length of the program.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an intense program. It's not for someone who just wants to try out coding for a while, and it would be an even greater struggle for people who don't truly enjoy programming (so try to figure that out first). However, if you're committed... Read More to learning what they have to teach and making it into your new career, it will get you further than you would think possible in a 3 month span: you'll know how to code in several languages (all of which are relevant for the current job market), and you will have created several web applications of your own by the time you graduate. The slight downside is that they can't teach you everything in 3 months. But that's why a passion for both coding and learning is important, so that you can motivate yourself to fill in any gaps or pursue and particular interests on your own. After the foundation that you build at a/A, you'll be able to teach yourself independently whatever you might want to know about web development.Read Less",app-academy
"There is a reason that App Academy is considered one of the premier coding programs in the country. If you get in, and make it through this rigorous, pressure-inducing curriculum (students who don't keep up are asked to leave), you're probably pretty... Read More good at the codes. But to make it through, it takes an incredible amount of tenacity and hard work, followed by an incredible amount of tenacity and hard work (for those of you in the biz- this is indeed recursive).For 3 months, all you will be doing is coding. Tell your friends+family you will be unavailable for 3 months. I am very nearly not kidding. 90+ hour weeks are commonplace. You will immerse yourself in the curriculum, being helped along the way by a kind staff and supportive TAs.One of App Academy's differentiators is it does not collect tuition from students until after they get a job as a software developer, and the amount it collects varies depending on the actual salary. So, they are heavily-incentivized to teach you cutting-edge technologies and do everything they can to help you become a skilled software developer, so that you can get offers at the top of the market at the program's conclusion.App Academy is not for people who are not 100% dedicated to succeeding. You have to put forth more effort than perhaps anything you've ever done in your life, but it is very worth it you want to be a software developer.Read Less",app-academy
"I had known it would be a tough program but it ended up being tougher than I thought. If you choose to attend, do your best to live as close to a/A as possible. Losing 10-15 hours of sleep/study time a week is a considerable disadvantage. With that being... Read More said, a/A is potentially life-changing. Yes, it can be stressful and a lot of work. Yes, the curriculum does a good job but isn't flawless. At the end of the day, you can go from making $0 to six figures in less than a year. With all the stress and long hours people are subjected to, it can be easy to lose perspective of the fact that this opportunity is pretty much unheard of. Bootcamps in general may not have the best reputation but it is known that a/A and Hack Reactor have very impressive placement rates and graduate salaries.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended the March 2017 cohort of App Academy. Going in, I was skeptical. a/A wasn't my first choice. I wanted to go HackReactor because I believe they focus all their cirriculum on JavaScript. In the end, I chose a/A because of the tuition model. ... Read MoreFor the first ~9 weeks, I wasn't sure that a/A was the best option. I still wondered what HackReactor was like. I wasn't sure about the bootcamp lifestyle *or* results. Long story short: I wasn't sold by any means.But now, I am. I do think a/A is the best choice, based on two things I experienced personally:1. Job Search cirriculum is really powerful. After all, they don't get paid unless you get a job. They have a real motivation to get you a result. I'm not sure how that works at other bootcamps. 2. They listen to student feedback. At the end of every week you fill out a survey with feed back. The cohort after mine had some pretty significant changes to their workflow based on our feedback. Not just bootcamps, but any business that actually *listens* to feed back and changes their product based on that feedback deserves kudos.I want to make sure that I'm not deceiving anyone. The experience wasn't perfect. There are some things that I didn't like. But like I said, they are legitimately improving the product every cohort. Advice for anyone thinking about going to a/A (or other top tier bootcamps): Don't under estimate how difficult it is, how much time it takes (14 hour days are average), or how much stressful it is. But also don't underestimate how drastically you can change your life in such a short time.Read Less",app-academy
"Attending App Academy's Immersive Course was a good experience that allowed me to learn the software developer skills needed for my growth in this field. Their curriculum provides a good base, but do expect to spend 60-80 hours per week during the three-month... Read More course including some time for self study. In addition to the education received, I made good friends and network contacts. I recommend App Academy's immersive course for anyone looking to take their career to the next level, but be mindful of the amount of work needed to realize personal success in this program.Read Less",app-academy
"At first I was wary of the premise of coding bootcamps - learn the fundamentals of programming in 12 weeks and get a job?! It seemed too good to be true. But after reading more reviews and talking to a close friend who went through the program, it seemed... Read More like it was legit. Once I was admitted to the program and showed up on the first day, I was reassured to find out that the education - and the support - was solid. The instructors actually care about you learning to the best of your ability and finding a job. In fact, if you don’t find a job, the company loses money due to their delayed payment model, so it’s in the best interest for both you and the company to find a position. As a result, nothing about the program felt gimmicky or padded - everything I learned here helped me to develop my skills as a software developer.Guys, this is the real deal. But let me give a caveat: to succeed, you have to give 100% of your effort. Don’t think that this program will magically help you get a job in a few weeks. It’s not that simple. The program will help you achieve great things, but only if you put in the work and the effort. Everyone in my class had to work their asses off and many people would stay in the office until 10 PM to get their work done or prepare for the next day. But in the end, all the time spent working and hustling will be worth it.Since I’ve graduated over a year ago, nearly everyone in my class of about 50 students found jobs and are now working for a variety of different tech companies and startups. I, myself, found a job and am currently working for a startup as a software developer, and I had only started learning how to code a couple months before the program started. It IS possible to switch careers and find work as a software developer. Just have patience, tenacity, and a good work ethic, and you’ll be able to pull off amazing things.Read Less",app-academy
"I had looked into a few bootcamps when I decided on App Academy. What really swayed me to go to a/A were reviews like this. Actual grads that have jobs in the industry and can vouch for a/A. I was looking for credibility because I hesitant to make such... Read More a huge move in my life. I was looking for a good curriculum, and one of the best things about it in my opinion is that they have you work on projects, in which you can choose a new stack. In an industry that quickly changes, they've been able to not only maintain relevance but also provide real stats of their graduates success.I expected this bootcamp to be hard, but they've pushed me to my limits physically and mentally. The curriculum is tough and the instructors are there to help. There's so much preparation you have to do just to not feel behind the next day. I've put in more hours into studying and coding daily than I've slept in a week. Ok, maybe thats a huge exaggeration, but I definitely put in the advertised 80-100 hours per week. In the end, I'm grateful for all the skills that I've gained and excited to put them to use.Read Less",app-academy
"Being an App Academy student, I've experienced the curriculum full force, and I have to say, they have a very strong curriculum. For anyone who has some semblance of talent for coding and web development, it is very doable and highly recommended for anyone... Read More interested. Those who are less inclined may need to spend the advertised 90 hours a week. It is no joke of a bootcamp, and they do very well prepare you for what you will be entering. Personally, even if you pass the assessment barriers, it's still very much based on your own personal discipline. Some time off over the weekends is a nice stress reliever, but it's not a time to be partying. App Academy gives you the strong foundations, but there still needs to be a little more extra work to be a fully fledged software developer. You get what you put in.Read Less",app-academy
"The program definitely requires a huge commitment, in terms of time and effort. You are required to be in class every weekday and you need to be in San Francisco to attend the bootcamp. So, if you are not committed, it probably isn't the best fit.The... Read More class itself moves super fast, so you have to constantly learn and absorb new materials. You likely will not have much time for fun during the 12 weeks bootcamp. However, the result is rewarding. You learn a lot about programming and the fundamentals. I found it easier to learn other languages and frameworks after going through the curriculum. Their financial model also benefits the students, so you don't have to pay until you get an offer. It helps to keep the bootcamp accountable.Read Less",app-academy
"Like you, I was initially skeptical of coding bootcamps too, but I decided to take a leap with App Academy (especially since they offered a deferred tuition plan).Prior to App Academy, I had zero coding experience. I spent about a month and a half studying... Read More to get in, then another month and a half to complete their prep work before day one. After admission, I had class from 9am - 6pm, followed by 1-3 hours of readings/homework for the rest of the evening. As other reviewers mentioned, it's quite the mentally and emotionally draining experience.But stick with it. Their curriculum they offer is frequently updated. Their staff is accessible and passionate about what they teach. Their job support is awesome: daily whiteboarding and/or mock interviews, help with online presence (LinkedIn, AngelList, your portfolio, your GitHub, etc.), and personal career coaches help guide you through the process. To be honest, I also did feel like some of their initiatives in promoting diversity and welcomeness felt a bit forced -- but hey, it's the tech industry. Bottom line: the staff means well, they value team players, and they're committed to giving everyone the same opportunity to succeed.Eight months ago, I knew absolutely zero about coding or web development. In a few weeks, I'll be starting my first job as a software developer. If you're ready to invest in yourself, it works.Read Less",app-academy
"This stuff is tough. It's going to take a lot of hard work and then some. The first week will seem very challenging. I think they do that on purpose to scare you into staying prepared. Weeks 3-10 are all just as hard if not harder. That being said, if... Read More you make it through the course, you will have learned the most you could have possibly learned about anything in 3 months. Their revenue is directly connected to the level of success of their graduates, which means they're well incentivized to provide as much job search support as they can, which they do with decently sized and well-qualified placements team. If I knew everything I did now 3 months ago, would I still come to App Academy? No, because i would have quasi-mastered software-engineering from the knowledge of going the through course once already. Anything I learn would likely be redundant with caveat that they actually do update and revise the curricula very actively, so there's good chance I could pick up something new and cool on the second round.But if my mind was wiped of the technical knowledge but I kept my other memories? Well I'd be primarily concerned with what happened to lead that, but yes, I absolutely would.Read Less",app-academy
"Not for the faint of heart or limited of drive, but if you're looking for a program to teach you a whole lot about coding in not a lot of time, you could certainly do a lot worse. The staff is technically minded and eager to help and the deferred payment... Read More model aligns company goals with your success, but the hours are long and the processes can be exceedingly grueling at times. If you are considering a coding boot camp, put App Academy up at the top of that list.If you are looking to get into a bootcamp but want to work on your coding skills first, I can also recommend their bootcamp prep course (either online or in-person). It will provide you some good coding fundamentals that will definitely give you a leg up, wherever you end up (it certainly did for me).Read Less",app-academy
"I think what many hopeful bootcampers should keep in mind is that most of these boot camps run on some modicum of fear. If you had some innate drive to become a developer that would push you to learn at ~11 hours a day you have no need for any bootcamp.... Read More It's also good to keep in mind that bootcamps do not have the structure and precision as an accredited school. All of that being said App Academy is one of the more intense courses. I did not study hard in college and being tossed into a curriculum that quite literally requires about 10-12 hours of my time daily was extremely difficult, both mentally and physically. But, the majority of the content is engaging, there is much to learn and it's actually pretty easy to completely be unaware of the passing time. If you're hoping to pivot careers via bootcamp in 3 months, you should definitely strive for the most accelerated, intense and demanding with a higher level of recognition. That automatically points to App Academy as one of your choices.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has really been a mental rollercoaster for me. There were days where I truly enjoyed my experience and there were also days where I frantically wanted to get off the ride due to overwhelming stress. However, as with all rollercoasters, the... Read More experience is different for everybody. In the end, some people might find that they enjoyed the ride, while others might be happier to get off. With that being said, App Academy really isn't for everyone, but one thing is certain: you will leave knowing a lot more than when you started.Before App Academy, I did not have much programming experience besides basic knowledge of SQL from my previous job. However, within three months, I learned Ruby on Rails, postgreSQL, JavaScript, jQuery, React and Redux and can now make my own full stack applications! App Academy isn't a perfect program. The course load is challenging and the pacing is very fast. It's very easy to fall behind if you're not committed--and even if you are committed, it's possible to fall behind if you don't understand the topic before they move forward in the curriculum. However, they have a very dedicated and knowledgeable staff to facilitate the students' learning experiences.My biggest gripe about the App Academy is how assessment-focused the program is. Their assessments determine your status in the program and due to fear of dismissal, many students solely focus on passing them instead of learning/understanding the material. (If this sounds confusing, it will make a lot more sense if you go through the program). With everything being said, I really enjoyed my experience in App Academy, minus the stress and sleep deprivation. I have met some of the most amazing, supportive, and hardworking people in the amazing App Academy community. I would not recommend this program to everyone, but if you're willing to put in the time, energy, sweat, tears, and hard work, App Academy will help you become a software developer!Read Less",app-academy
"App academy has been a roller coaster of emotions. A crammed packed schedule with weekly tests that could end your time there short is not for the faint of heart. If you decide to go here, make sure you're ready for it.",app-academy
App Academy is very fast paced with no breaks but you will learn everything you need to know to be a software developer if you are able to keep up. All of the staff are amazing and great teachers. App Academy provides you with everything that you need... Read More to be sucessful but it is still up to you to actually do the work required. It is not an easy course but it will take you from knowing nothing about web develpoment to building a fully functional website from scratch in 9 weeks.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy was a really great experience. It's crazy to think how much I've learned in so little time. I learned more in the first couple weeks here than i did in months of learning on my own. It is very pair-programming focused, which really helps you... Read More develop the ability to talk about code and effectively communicate your technical thoughts. The people here are all awesome too.App Academy really focuses on the skills you need to become a front-end developer. There is not a ton of theory taught, it is more applications based. The skills you will learn here are still very relevant for all of web-development, but just know you will be learning more front-end skills. By the end of your time here, you really will be able to build your own applications, and do things you never thought you'd be able to 10 weeks prior. It is not easy, but if you like coding, it is honestly fun. Being able to geek out all day with other people rather than at home struggling to figure things out alone makes this a great experience. Just make sure when you start here you are prepared to put a ton of work in so that you can get the most out of it!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is extremely intensive coding bootcamp with an endless set of resources to help train software engineers in tech that is up to date and always changing, as well as extensive career coaching to help students understand what it takes to get... Read More a job.What you get out of App Academy is directly proportional to what you put in. There are tons of resources for support if you seek them out, but otherwise there is very little forced hand holding or micromanaging. App Academy is a program for those who truly have a passion for and want to pursue web development, and for those that do, it will hands down return the best results. I'm extremely glad I attended.Read Less",app-academy
"I joined App Academy with little to none software experience. What I have come away with is a range of technical knowledge, a strong understanding of the social / collaborative aspects of web development, a work ethic I did not think I could achieve,... Read More and, maybe most importantly, a capacity to efficiently learn new technical material. The coding portion of the curriculum is difficult, but at the same time structured, well organized, and jam packed with intersting and relevant material. Some of the material is presented in a lecture format, but the bulk of the work is done pair-programming with fellow students. From day 1, this model fosters collaboration and encourages students to solve problems independently, instead of following along with examples. This being said, the instructors are encouraging, readily available, and all-in-all wonderful. Many of the instructors have gone through the bootcamp program as well, so they are knowledgeable in both the technical and social/stress-management aspects of the curriculum. While there are weekly assessments, the focus of the program is for you to learn as much as possible, not to transactionally complete assigned projects / homework assignments. In this way, students come away with not only the necessary skills, but also the drive, to start their own projects. Part of the coding curriculum involves completing three large projects, all of which you effectively design and plan yourself (with the support of instructors). These three projects become the focal point of your software portfolio, and are not something that other bootcamp grads can typically claim. Aside from portfolio building, the job-search part of the curriculum is packed with mock-interviews, networking workshops, and time with a personal career coach. Even post-graduation, App Academy leaves you with technical and networking resources, not to mention close connections to all of the other members of your cohort. The bottom line is this: App Academy is a serious time and energy commitment, but leaves you with a range of technical knowledge, an industry ready portfolio, strong technical interviewing skills, and a serious sense of personal pride for having made it through all of that in 13 weeks.Read Less",app-academy
"This program is a lot of work. A standard day consists of a lecture in the morning, pair programming with new material during the day, and studying for the next day's material at night. There are weekly assessments, which if you fail two, you may be asked... Read More to leave the program. As such weekends are spent primarily studying for those assessments. A lot of the curriculum is provided as reading material or videos which you solo study over night. This program isn't for everyone and if the above doesn't sound right for you, then this may not be the program for you. If the above does sound good and you're willing to put in the time and effort, then App Academy is the best way to become a software developer. The curriculum is up-to-date and relevant for the industry, TAs and fellow students are available for support and assistance, and a/A provides an environment that allows you to focus on learning the material. If I'd tried to learn all of this on my own it would have taken me far more time and there's no way I would have been able to stay this focused on the material. Overall attending App Academy was a great decision for myself and I appreciate everything I was able to learn in such a short amount of time.Read Less",app-academy
"Going into App Academy, I heard good things about it, but I was not sure how it would impact me for the future. 12 weeks later, and I could see why App Academy is one of the best bootcamps in America. They have such a structured curriculum and great organization... Read More that feels top notch. From the lectures to content that they provide to the TA's that help out, a/A had something for me whenever I needed help.So if you any of you have any different opinions about considering this place, I would say try it! I am glad I switched careers and going into development. It's not for the light hearted, and I would recommend that you should only do this if you have a passion for this field. It won't be easy, but in the end, you will thank yourself later.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has given me the foundation of thinking and coding as a software developer that I never thought would be possible. I had been trying to figure out how to get into tech without spending another 2 years getting a CS degree, and self-learning... Read More was not really going anywhere past simple games because I spent too long getting stuck, not knowing how and where to find help. After doing a little more research, I came across this bootcamp with its deferred tuition model which put me at ease in terms of getting students jobs. That and the stringent month-long admissions process which was already stretching me from a beginner-level (I had done a few projects in MATLAB and C++) and challenging my assumptions gave me an inkling that this might be the right place for me.Thankfully I was not proven wrong. The pace of the program is extremely fast, but with the benefit of being surrounded by students who are just as motivated as you. And when you get stuck the TAs in the room more than willing to help, which cuts down the learning time significantly of some of the more frustrating concepts (recursion was an early example for me). I did think at times though that there just weren't enough TAs around to help all of us; on some of the more difficult days we were waiting 20 minutes or more.Overall, I am confident that the fundamentals that App Academy taught me has prepared me well for the job search ahead.Some advice: -Don't be afraid to ask for help! Time is of the essence in a fast-paced course like this and there's no way anyone can 'get' everything that is taught in the 9 weeks as quickly as they would like. Some of the brightest classmates I knew did not hesitate to ask a TA within 10 minutes of being stuck. This is one of the biggest advantages of attending an in-person bootcamp so make use of it!-Live as close as you can to a/A during the 12 weeks. I consider myself one of the slower classmates when it comes to studying (when I see 30min reading it really means 1hr) and living 10 minutes away has saved me so many times from chopping the resource most essential to a bootcamper: sleep.-Find some way you can offer value and share it! I find that a large part of my motivation to learn about something really well is to be able to talk about it with someone later on. Our class has a Slack group where people would often share about cool things they implemented/learned and I always appreciated that.If you are willing to learn from and help others and are determined to do everything you can do deeply understand concepts, you WILL succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"There are many reviews here already, so I'll do a FAQ thing for some of the questions I had when I was applying.1. Is it really 90 hours per week worth of work?Yep, at least for many of us. People's experiences here range from never programmed before... Read More app academy to having actual software development experience (rare). But I think it's safe to say for the majority of us, it took up all of our time during the week and (for me) weekends.2. How to succeed?Work hard. Come study in the office if you can, that way you can ask other people questions. Ask questions from TA's, your smarter cohort-mates, etc.. Ask questions.3. What are the students' backgrounds?Most people fall in between professionals looking for a career change, or people straight out of college who decided they didn't want anything to do with their major. Everyone who made it through are extremely hard-working and smart.4. What do you mean ""made it through""?You can be dismissed by failing too many assessments. It does put a tremendous amount of stress on the students, however, I feel like I wouldn't have been as motivated as I was without the assessment stress. I do wish they would change the assessment structure to be more project-like though.5. Can I learn this stuff on my own? Aren't there tons of free material online for this?Extremely difficult, at least in this short amount of time. The free resources that I used seemed to go from doing for loops to ""hey now go make a project"". It's very easy to run into a bug or a question that you can't figure out when learning on your own. It's also very easy to give up. You won't have TA's to ask questions or give you feedback. When I was trying to learn this on my own, it was like running through a wall. At least at a/A, you got like 60 other people running through the same wall with you and the TA's to help.Read Less",app-academy
"The instructors Alvin &amp; Chase are simply amazing, they both deliver the material in a way where you can get understand it through plain english. Over the four weeks in Bootcamp prep, I was really insecure about my coding skills but towards the end it... Read More was a great boost to help me be confident in the way I asess problems. I really recommend this program if you're really serious about your career and getting into any bootcamp. a/A rocks! side note Bootcamp prep is in JavaScript.Read Less",app-academy
"I took this course because I want to get accepted at App Academy Bootcamp and I had no background and/or knowledge in coding at all. Today is my last class at Bootcamp Prep and I am very confident in myself that I feel like I am ready to apply.The curreiculum... Read More is very well organized in a way that you will retain what you learn in the class. Homeworks, assessments and notes are really helpful.The instructor and TA are awesome! They do not just teach. They work hard for you, so you really learn what they teach.Classmates were nice too.I really recommend Bootcamp Prep if you are new to coding and if you do not feel confident or ready to apply for actual Bootcamp.Read Less",app-academy
"This is a great course to take if you'd like extra preparation before applying to the various programming bootcamps out there, but it's especially helpful when applying to App Academy. The course is structured so that you get a sense of what the fullstack... Read More immersive program is like. There are assessments every Monday and Friday, and pair programming is a big part of the curriculum; you are given problem sets to work on with a newly assigned partner almost everyday. App Academy's immersive program is heavily pair-programming oriented, which is something that I really look forward to, so I love the fact that Bootcamp Prep gave us a sense of what that will be like. I would also recommend this course to anyone who just wants to learn the fundamentals of the JavaScript programming language. The course is four weeks long, and by the very end you will feel comfortable enough with your knowledge of JS to take what you've learned and apply it elsewhere. Read Less",app-academy
"I participated in the Boot Camp Prep course by App Academy. I had no coding experience before I started the program. Now, I am on my way to learning javascript and hopefully gaining admission to a highly selective coding Bootcamp. Instructors, Alvin and... Read More Chase were very helpful and even stayed after class to answer questions from students. They care about their students and want us to be successful. The course moves fast and major effort is required for success.Access to AppAcademy is limited outside of class time, so it is importaint that students find a distraction free place to study and reliable internet while taking the course. The money back guarantee makes me feel safe to learn a valuable new skill.Read Less",app-academy
+'sPrepares you for the technical interview with problem sets similar to the ones that will be used at major coding camps.Alvin &amp; Chase are knowledgable and organized instructors and there is a lot of support if you get stuck on a problem during class.... Read More2 mock interviews offered and insider information on the structure of the App Academy interview.Helps familiarize you with the structure of aA's coursework.- 'sIt would be nice if there was more practice pair programming and role play as interviewer and interviewee. Sometimes the lectures were a bit long and it does not always seem necessary to go through every individual problem in class.Read Less,app-academy
"Coming into the course I knew I had an interest in programming, but was unsure if I would be able to keep up knowing that I had zero coding experience prior to starting the course. These concerns disappeared soon after beginning the Bootcamp Prep course.... Read More Our instructor, Alvin, did an excellent job of making sure each concept was fully understood before moving on to the next topic. It is extremely important that you understand why a certain solution works, and they did a great job of breaking down problems and solutions line by line. I had no idea that I would be able to learn so much in such a short period of time, and I can honestly say I am leaving the course confident in my ability to get into a top programming bootcamp. The course was challenging and rewarding. They are not lying when they say you are going to have to dedicate a lot more time than the two hours per day in class in order to get the most from the course, but if you take this on as a challenge you should have no problem spending time outside of class improving your skills. I would definitely recommend App Academy Bootcamp Prep to anyone considering a career in programming.Read Less",app-academy
"When I started looking at different boot camps I was already taking online open courseware classes. There were three main things I was looking for that I could not get self-teaching. The first was coding with other people - App Academy focuses heavily... Read More on pairing and you will pair for the majority of the day every single day for the first seven weeks. The second factor was having people actually look at and critique my code, as online code checkers really tell you nothing about code quality, only code correctness at best. This was addressed with pairing, TA code reviews, lectures on best practices, and studying the provided daily solutions. Lastly, I knew that I would seriously need help in the job search. This was the real kicker, as App Academy's tuition model of paying a percentage of your first year's salary really gave me confidence that I would be supported and pushed throughout the job search process. I'm happy to say that really was exactly my experience. On my own, I never would have pushed myself to apply so quickly and to so many places, but with App Academy's support I ended up nabbing a Software Engineer position I am super excited about in almost exactly three months after starting to apply, which is the average time. The stats are real! (Salary stats, too)Overall I was very impressed with the structure of the program, so much is really thought through in advance. The admission process mirrors job search, and the tests serve not only to ensure you keep up with the pace but also are great preparation for timed coding challenges in interviews. I would definitely suggest studying a lot in advance and making sure you are strong in your fundamentals. The provided a/A material is really the bare minimum, I took CS50x and MIT 6.001x and would highly recommend them. If you are not prepared for the first weeks it is nearly impossible to catch up and I would say most people who fail out do so because they were not sufficiently prepared. Also, if you have sufficient time, I would recommend spending some time to learn algorithms in advance as you will have a ton of things on your plate during job search.Read Less",app-academy
"Truthfully, App Academy was one of the best decisions I personally have ever made - I feel very lucky to have attended. I am writing this days after having just accepted a job offer - the program really helped launch me and get me to this point, without... Read More a doubt. I attended a San Francisco cohort in 2016; I chose the program because I got the gut feeling it would be quite challenging and super high-quality, and this proved to be true. It is very hard work, and requires continuous persistence. Simultaneously, though, it was some of the most fun I ever had - you not only create a network, but more importantly you are simply taking a plunge into something new with a lot of bright people who are also starting this journey with you. I don't think I met one person who was really ""cutthroat"", everyone is eager and willing to help one another; this says a lot about a/A's screening process. If you are reading this, a big concern you may need addressed is the tuition model and if this is ""too good to be true"". It is not. I paid my $5000 deposit, then App Academy invested a ton of time, energy, and resources into me until I found my job, several months after the program ended. They mean it when they say they are invested in you for the long haul. I feel like they believed in me and stuck with me, honestly. They were more than willing to work with me on my re-payment structure, because frankly after several months of searching your finances inevitably dwindle. BOTTOM-LINE: App Academy just doesn't want to get screwed, and you don't want to screw App Academy. They are a business and need to get paid, but they have mercy and understand your situation. Again, I just ended my job search so this is all fresh in my mind - trust me when I say a/A is a wise decision.Read Less",app-academy
"The amount of material App Academy requires students to learn within 3 months is tremendous. If students don't keep up every day and manage time well, it is difficult to keep up. To put it into perspective, I took two quarters of C in college and the... Read More material I learned was roughly equivalent to the 1 month prepwork that is required after you get in before you actually start the course.Pros: - The material is well thought out and the curriculum is solid. - You are surrounded daily by peers just as driven as you.- Great staff and instructors. (Just as in any educational setting you'll find some spectacular instructors vs good instructors)- Able to learn materials needed to get a job within a succinct amount of timeCons:-The curriculum pacing in the beginning is a bit slow and suddenly week it speeds up quickly after week 4 making it difficult to catch up at times- You are required every day from 9 - 6pm and with the homework is usually a 12 hour work day. This could be considered a pro if you don't have other commitments such as family, or spend two hours commuting daily as I did.- No longer a 12 week bootcamp but a mandatory 13 week courseOverall, App Academy is a solid program, and the instructors are committed in seeing you succeed. They have a solid business model which makes them even more motivated to help the students. Would definitely recommend App Academy to anyone who has the passion and resources.Read Less",app-academy
"A fantastic way to break into learning how to code. I had a great experience in this program. You aren't simply fed material to memorize to pass a test or interview. The curriculum and classroom environment are very much centered around making sure you... Read More understand the material. One of the best things about the bootcamp was the instructors. The instructors were clearly knowledgable and passionate about programming. Also lectures were engaging, which is very important when trying to learn some of the more complicated material. The course not only provides a massive amount of practice problems, but also many resources to study to continue learning long after you have graduated.Overall, it was a very pleasant experience. I grew very much as a person and as a student programmer. I am also proud to say that this program assisted me in being accepted into App Academy! For anyone who is trying to become a programmer, I can't recommend this course enough.Read Less",app-academy
This course helped reinforce material that I attempted to learn on my own through texts and online interactive platforms. I felt I was able to understand the concepts better having the instructor use them in class. I especially liked how the instructor... Read More taught methodically and in a manner that helped the students understand where common errors in programming might occur. This allowed me to feel more confident in my abilities- especially my ability to debug my programs. The instructors created a positive learning environment by always being patient and willing to help the students.Read Less,app-academy
"I chose to attend App Academy because they have one of most competitive admission processes in Bay Area and they help with the job search. The whole process took me almost a year (study for getting into, curriculum part, find a job).I think the curriculum... Read More is structured very well, so you are learning new concepts step by step. Every day you are paired with different students for building new projects. Pair programming helps you to get a sense of working environment and get feedback on how you're doing.I would recommend being overprepared during each and every step of App Academy - prep work, curriculum, assessments, algorithms, job search - overkill everything.I just finished my job search and I'm pretty happy with results. App Academy worked out 100% for me.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is great for those who aren't happy with their current job and are looking for a career change. Those with zero coding experience will really benefit from attending the bootcamp prep, especially if the idea of teaching yourself seems daunting... Read More or there is a time constraint. The material is challenging and fast paced but the instructors guide you every step of the way. The instructors are your best asset and are always willing to help you, should you ask. Be prepared to dedicate a portion of your hours outside of the class to studying, otherwise you are not taking full advantage of the course. People who attend the prep course come from all different walks of life, whether it's a career change or because they prefer the fast paced learning as opposed to attending college. It's a very welcoming environment that fosters a desire to grow together as a group.Read Less",app-academy
"I miss app academy all ready one month passed very quick but I was surprised how much we learned, I always thought that programming its very hard and for specific people but I was wrong. App academy bootcamp program is amazing and very easy to follow.... Read More Our instructors Alvin and Chase did a great job, they give 110%.Now i have the confidence to apply on any of Bootcamps,Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was definitely a life changing experience. And I'm glad it was my first real exposure to code. But honestly having gone through several Udacity courses and Flatiron's immersive, it was the least helpful in me acquiring my position. The curriculum... Read More seemed oversimplified in comparison to the learning platforms I approached (including the other boot camp). But in all fairness. App academy will work for you if you've really struggled with programming before. The resources are all there to help you succeed. As long as you use them. My only complaint is with job placement. Although you do get an opportunity to attend the job fair, if you're not perfectly prepared to deal with the pressures of technical interviewing right away, it seems like nobody believes in you afterwards. Also during the actual program it seems that there are too many opportunities to cut you out entirely.Read Less",app-academy
"Program was first intimidating but it helped me building up my tolerance for working longer hours. My turn-around point for me was after the 3rd week. That was when I realized keeping a schedule is a MUST. If possible, put your personal life on hold and... Read More put aA as your #1 priority. The amount of material to be learned demands such a schedule. As far as the subjects covered, they are some of the most marketable programming skills nowadays. I learned Ruby, Rails, JavaScript, and etc (just to name a few).Again, it is hard but it is also very rewarding. If you dedicate your best effort into this program, you should not fail.Read Less",app-academy
"I went to App Academy and I have a job as a frontend engineer now. I had foreign language skills and no coding background before App Academy. After graduating on February 2017 I accepted an offer today with a base salary of $90k in the Bay Area after... Read More sending out almost 300 applications over the past two months. The job search nearly crushed my soul, but it App Academy worked for me (pretty much) as advertised so I'm satisfied.Read Less",app-academy
"I come from a background working as a QA Engineer in the kind of start-up I believe App Academy prepares you to develop for. The day-to-day curriculum is set up in such a way that students who are brand new to the material have a manageable and well thought... Read More out roadmap, and people who are familiar with the concepts can explore more in depth material after finishing their daily tasks. In this way I believe that the curriculum is beautifully geared towards giving students the full reward of their hard work and providing people who have a good work ethic and genuine interest in technology all of the tools they need to succeed. The career counseling is also extremely valuable for prospective job seekers. The amount of emphasis put on knowing the material well enough to have conversations about it, as well as interviewing techniques to set you apart from other bootcampers, is critical to opening up opportunities for jobs that are denied graduates of other bootcamps. I have seen graduates from coder-mills come out of their bootcamps and spend 2-3x longer than the average App Academy graduate before finding employment, due to the fact that they were not set up for success. In summary, I'd recommend App Academy for people who are not only capable of working hard, but are extremely passionate about software engineering/app development. It is an unbelievably intensive curriculum where doing the minimum should not be enough to satisfy you, because you don't attend this bootcamp with the expectation of getting a degree or good grades, you do it out of a love and passion for the trade you're training for.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum here really pushes you. There is a good blend of core CS concepts with practical applications. The daily flow involves pair programming, working on one- or two-day projects, starting off with console games and moving into web-based applications.... Read More The full-stack capstone project really pushes you to synthesize everything you have learned and present it in a visually appealing way. There is a good spirit of camaraderie among the students and the TA's are ready to help and share their experience. I sometimes thought I wouldn't be able to do it, but by the end, I found myself succeeding beyond my own expectations.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy doesn't teach you anything you couldn't learn on your own, and you will come out not knowing a lot. However, if you're like me and you TRIED to learn it all on your own but found yourself struggling to deal with what to go deeper into and... Read More what to gloss over a little quicker, app academy is for you. I constantly found myself stuck in my programming journey because I would feel like my knowledge was never complete on any one thing. App academy's fast pace forces you through the lesser topics while still making sure you know enough to move on. At the end of it you may feel like you still don't know anything but if I've learned anything while I was here it's that just because something has become easy for you doesn't mean that it's easy in general.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:* Accountability through tests, peers, and assignments causes you to code a ton during the bootcamp* Questions are answered quickly by TA's which speeds up learning process* Pair programing with the cohort allows you to meet and see the thinking... Read More process of many smart people* Great connections and support during job search* Location is great in SF with a nice view* Learn multiple languages and technologiesCons:* Not much freedom in the curriculum - assignments are same for everyone* Forced to apply to X number of companies of week after applying * Emphasizes specific knowledge of Ruby on Rails and React over more general full stack knowledgeOverall: Enjoyed the program, job search took a little longer than I hoped, but ended with a job at one of my top choices =)Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was crucial to me getting my start. I'd been exploring coding for awhile but App Academy put the fire under me to really get moving. Yes, the pace is fast. Yes, it is possible to fall behind. Yes, it is very stressful and difficult. However,... Read More I found that it push me forward when otherwise I would have lingered. There were plenty of topics that I wish I could have spent more time on, but I became a capable engineer within a few months and you can go back and solidify those sections whenever. Mostly, what sold me was the pricing structure. They are invested in you, which helped with my own confidence level and meant they would really help me find a job. 4/5 because I would have liked to see more daily projects to completion rather than switching contexts, as well as a broader introduction to all the materials in the prepwork given how fast we breezed by them in the curriculum.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been a wild ride, and I only just finished Week 9. I know the purpose of App Academy was to find a job, but I felt like I got so much more. While I am shooting for a job, and I do believe I won’t have any issues finding one, I felt that... Read More the experiences and knowledge I’ve gained from the previous “9” weeks at App Academy have been so much more valuable. There’s quotations there because there was significant prep work before starting the program.The past nine weeks have absolutely flown by. I’ve learned Ruby on Rails, jQuery, SQL, HTML, CSS, React.js, Redux and so much more. I’ve gotten the opportunity to build a full-stack, single-page web application from scratch with as little or as much guidance as I needed, and this, in and of itself was the best part of the program.I would highly recommend App Academy to everyone who wants to start with a new and rewarding career. And I’ll highly recommend App Academy even more when I get a job. But for the value I just received in 9 weeks, it’s worth what they charge.Read Less",app-academy
"This program has tested me and placed me in some of the most stressful situations I've ever been in. While this program isn't for everyone, it's a great path to discovering what you're capable of accomplishing (even if you didn't think you could). Along... Read More the way, I've met intriguing people with diverse backgrounds and built projects from scratch that I can be proud of.Pros:+ You learn more about programming and web apps than you would at your own pace+ Strong community of motivated students+ Intense and fast-paced so you learn a lot in a short amount of timeThings to consider before joining:* Assessments can be stressful* Fast pace means you have to understand your own learning style and do what it takes to keep up* Deferred tuition still requires a large investment (time, money, forgone salary, future tuition payment)Read Less",app-academy
"Believe the hype. I had read up a LOT on App Academy and other boot camps and ended up putting all my eggs in on basket - App Academy - it was the right basket!I figured that out at the end of the day 1. They really had their act together right off the... Read More bat. From there, I would just continue to be impressed at how well designed and executed the curriculum delivery was. It comes at you fast and furious and you pretty much have no life, but the immersion (plus very well timed concept reinforcements) starts to pay dividends quickly. You are moving at a very fast clip from topic to topic, first doing mostly pair programming single-day projects that focus on one or two competencies at a time, but then you're doing more comprehensive multi-day projects where if you haven't been keeping up, you're spending a lot of time in your Evernote or on Stack Overflow. Finally, you're on your own doing full stack and it's then you realize just how much you've learned. No more training wheels.Ultimately you're exposed to just about the whole breadth of the field, enough to know where to start when you want to go deep and leverage a different technology. You know how to team problem solve, pair program, and along the way get a firm grasp on algorithms, data structures, databases, and different architectural frameworks to tackle whatever comes next.Staff is TOP NOTCH. Culture (SF campus at least) is exceptional. Support is fantastic. Entry process does have a lot of wickets, interviews, tests, etc. but stick with it, it's worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum is very fast and you get grouped with like-minded people who also want to learn and get a job. The TA's are very helpful and they are constantly available to answer your questions during the daily assignments.There are some things to be... Read More wary about, though. If you fall behind, you will be playing catch up and be stressed for the rest of the curriculum. For that reason, I suggest people who are looking to attend to prepare by making going through free online classes on Ruby, Javascript, and some basic SQL. Know about object oriented programming. The prepwork they send you if you get in is a drastic change of pace from the coding challenges that you will be doing to get in.Read Less",app-academy
When I first started I was unsure about how the things that were doing would help us to get a job. Nothing seemed like it was coming together. It felt like we were just working on random projects everyday. Then we started React/Redux. Out of nowhere it... Read More felt like we switched and now everything came together. After finishing the Full Stack Project things felt good and just get better. They really do prepare to enter the web development field.Read Less,app-academy
"I have been impressed with App Academy since the moment I applied through every step of the curriculum. The screening process was rigorous but humane, and they treat you like a valued individual (as opposed to another equivalent school that I got into... Read More where the interviewer was taking a Lyft or something while he was conducting my interview). The curriculum itself is really really well designed, not only building on itself to facilitate learning and deep comprehension, but is constantly being updated to incorporate the most highly demanded and up to date technologies. In my cohort they trained us to be strong React and ES6 developers, while not neglecting the older technologies, like jQuery. This turned out to be invaluable in the job hunt, since a lot of companies were looking for React developers when we graduated. I was skeptical at first about their emphasis of Ruby on Rails, since most companies seem to be moving away from that, but in retrospect, it really is the best way to learn about how a full stack application works, especially for people with less experience. And they do their best to give you a deep understanding of why things work the way they do so that those skills are transferrable. The program also gives you a good foundation in algorithms, web and backend architecture, and interviewing skills. I was just amazed at the amount of knowledge I had gained after the 13 week program. I received 5 job offers within 3 weeks of graduating, one of which I ended up accepting, and I'm very excited to be formally starting my software engineering career. However...there are a few caveats.First, new students should know that you don’t magically get all these skills just because you get into the program. I found myself frustrated by a few of my peers who seemed more focused on socializing and just getting by in the assessments than studying and finishing all the projects and assignments. Because a lot of the learning happens in pairs, a weaker partner will compromise the learning opportunities of others. It also risks the reputation of the program as a whole. However, this was more the exception than the rule. Most students worked hard, demonstrated a real passion for programming, and took what a/A taught as a foundation for more self-directed learning, and in doing so became good developers that can build almost anything. Second, just being a strong developer doesn’t guarantee you a job interview. Especially in a market weary of bootcampers. That part relies on a lot of networking and luck and doing extra side projects. So the job search is a demoralizing, grueling process to get your foot in the door. Once you get your technical or onsite, though, you’ll find that App Academy has prepared you well. Pros: - well-designed curriculum that builds incrementally on learning- teaches the most up-to-date technologies/libraries/frameworks- good balance of lectures, hands-on projects, videos, take-home assignments- reasonable hours for a bootcamp (9am-6pm, + 2-3 hours of homework) - gives a good foundation in algorithms, web architecture, and other skills necessary for interviews- based on pair programming and collaborative skills- good job search guidance for how to craft your resume, frame your past experiences, etc. - deferred tuition model reflects how much the program is invested in making you a good, employable developer- progressive values and mindset, encourages diversity and inclusiveness for all backgroundsCons: - bootcamps in general have a bad rap these days, so it seems to be a more challenging than before for grads get interviews - less rigorous screening and assessments process for students may hurt reputation in the long run- didn’t feel particularly close to my cohort or staff, but like I mentioned, that was less of a priority for me- growing student numbers might compromise quality of training in the future - some TA’s are less knowledgeable than others, but you’ll always get the help and guidance you need- there’s now more structure and support during the job search process than previous cohorts, but it’s still not enough- paying back a large percentage of salary can end up being more than other schools’ tuition if you end up getting a really good offer. (#firstworldproblems)Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:* The results. They have a very high placement rate, and I was hired into one of the best companies in the world after graduating. * Deferred tuition model. I didn't trust any bootcamp to give me a worthwhile education except for App Academy since... Read More you only pay when you get hired.* Job hunting support. Since they only get paid when you get hired, they are very invested in helping you get a job. * The people are great. Both students and teachers are wonderful people, and I made several awesome friends.* Teachers are very helpful, most of them know a ton. * You will learn a lot of useful information relevant to an actual web development job. Cons:* Some teachers are fresh graduates of the program so in some cases they will have to defer to a more senior member. Not a big deal, just wastes a little time. * It is a lot of work. If you make it in and you are able to keep up (try not to fall more than a day behind), then you will learn a lot but you can't slack off. During the week I had zero free time, but on most weekends I had some free time. I would rather have it at this pace than be less work spread over more time. * Pressure. Since you can get kicked out for poor performance (not hard to do if you fall behind more than a couple days), there is quite a bit of stress and pressure involved. It eases up later in the program as the chances of getting kicked out diminish significantly.* Inconsistencies in curriculum. Since their curriculum is constantly evolving and being worked on by multiple people, some parts of it are out of date, some are redundant, and some are incorrect. Overall I give it 5 stars because I learned a lot, had fun, and got an amazing job! The cons obviously aren't a big deal, otherwise I wouldn't have rated it 5 stars, but be aware that it isn't perfect!Read Less",app-academy
"a/A has great curriculum and lots of resources to learn. Reasonable policies and nice and kind staff. I have to say, YOU need to work hard. They won't make you to once you pass the basic assessments (means personal project and job searching process) They... Read More can help you to do better but it is very hard course. Be prepared to work hard and it will be worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a rigorous and demanding program. Prior to attending the program, I worked as an attorney and was learning programming on my own. I learned a lot more during the App Academy program than I could have on my own. You learn a lot through... Read More the daily projects. And the assistance of TAs and pair programming really accelerates your learning. And after finishing the program, I was impressed with the amount of one on one support I received in my job search.Read Less",app-academy
"I had great experience with app academy. The interview process was intense but preparation was the key as I had to refresh all the concepts. App Academy is very rigorous bootcamp camp with an acceptance rate of less than 3%. They cover Ruby, Ruby on rails,... Read More Javascript, SQL, React and Redux in 7 weeks. The next 5 weeks are even more intensive, with 3 different projects to design and develop from scratch and job search preparation. The day starts with 2 hour lecture followed by pair programming for the rest of the day. Be prepared to spend at least 4 hrs outside classroom on homework and reading material. There is weekly assessment as well to make sure everyone is up to speed on all the concepts being taught.App Academy is not for the faint of heart. But the journey has been good far.Read Less",app-academy
"It was well prepared, I wouldn't have learned all these materials within 9-12 weeks of this curriculum. The amount of the materials were heavy, but more you put in more you get out of it.",app-academy
"It was well prepared, I wouldn't have learned all these materials within 9-12 weeks of this curriculum. The amount of the materials were heavy, but more you put in more you get out of it.",app-academy
"I am now celebrating my one year anniversary as a software developer and this would not have been possible without App Academy. After four years in a field that was not everything I expected it to be, I decided that I wanted to make a change; and I assume... Read More since you are reading this review, you are thinking the same thing. Once I decided that I was invested in making this transition, and a bootcamp was the best way for me to make the change, I began to compare various programs and the main thing that differed App Academy from the others was their payment plan. Due to the time requirements for all these programs (80+ hours a week) it is pretty unrealistic to expect to keep any resemblance of a job/income and living in NYC without one is pretty tough to do. App Academy helps remedy this by not requiring any payment (other than a security deposit) until you land that first job. Not only did this make living in an expensive city with no job more do-able but also gives them a ""horse in the race” when you start your job hunt. This includes continuous interview prep of white boarding, alumni Q&amp;A, review/critique of your portfolio (resume, cover letter, GitHub/coding projects, personal website, and LinkedIn profile) as well as an in-house job fair at the end of your cohort.Regarding the curriculum I found that while interviewing, most companies are not looking for you to know a certain stack but have the ability to learn a new stack (if needed) based on what you already know. Most bootcamps offer a full stack curriculum in order to give you the needed marketable skills to prove you confidently know what you should and that you can learn something new if needed, and App Academy is no different. When I attended, the stack was Ruby, Ruby on Rails, SQL, Javascript, Backbone.js, jQuery, HTML, and CSS and since then they have updated to React.js instead of Backbone.js, but don’t worry, all new material is available to you as alumni so that you can use it if you would like to learn a new framework. Like anything you do, you will get what you put in and App Academy gives you everything you need in order to succeed and become qualified in all the topics you cover. From day one you will need to properly prepare for the interview process where you will complete online exams, a live coding challenge, and a live interview; and the testing doesn't end there. To make sure that everyone is where they need to be so that no student is disadvantaged while pair programming there are (bi)-weekly exams that you must pass in order to continue with the program. Preparing for this will include hours of studying and practice on the weekends and after class… this will definitely be 80+ hours a week. All of this is not to discourage you because if you really expect to become proficient in so many languages in such a short amount of time, this is the only way to do it. If you are ready to put in the time for 4 months and 100% sold on becoming a developer I think that App Academy will be perfect for you.TL:DR - App Academy offers a comparable stack/curriculum to other bootcamps with everything you need to succeed if you are really 100% committed to the program. It WILL be 80+ hours a week to get by and pass their weekly progress exams and 100+ if you want to really excel at everything. That being said, I would not be at my current company without it and the payment plan they offer allowed me to even think this transition would be possible.Read Less",app-academy
"Going in, I was a bit skeptical of it being worth the 5-digit price tag vs learning independently, but now that I'm on the other side, I can say that it was 100% worth it. The curriculum is laid out perfectly so that one can smoothly go from very little... Read More coding knowledge to being able to build a full-scale web app, in just 3 months. It is definitely challenging, but the skills that you learn are completely applicable to both the Software Engineering job search/interview, as well as on the job itself.Read Less",app-academy
"The best part of App Academy is the people. App Academy attracts some really smart and hard-working students, and I know that I have worked harder just so that I can make sure I'm doing my part when it comes to pair programming. The TAs also just make... Read More my day - they are so knowledgable and helpful that I could not have learned as much as I did without them.Don't feel relieved once you get into App Academy - the hard work is only just beginning. They are serious about kicking you out if you fail two assessments. So many people there are not complete beginners like I was - there are students who have C.S. degrees or who have taken additional classes before. My advice is to study as much Ruby, Rails, Javascript, and React as you can before everything begins.App Academy is so much work, but it has totally been worth it, and I'm glad that I chose to go to App Academy over the other boot camps out there!Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: - Deferred tuition model- Great curriculum that is constantly updated to stay fresh- Excellent academic support- Unparalleled job-seeking supportCons:- The same cons that accompany every full-time bootcamp (surviving without an income source for... Read More months, relocating, challenging)Read Less",app-academy
"I just finished the coding curriculum of App Academy. I've been in tech my entire adult career and always had an interest in learning to dev. The opportunity to join App Academy came last year and I jumped at the chance and haven't looked back. The program... Read More is rigorous, expect to put in the hours, but you will get out of it is reciprocal of the effort and time you put into the program. That being said, I greatly enjoyed my time there and would highly recommend it to anyone who is serious about changing their career to development.Read Less",app-academy
"I recommend this to anyone who wholeheartedly wants to get a job as a software developer. Even though I can technically learn the material myself through YouTube and other free sources, It would have taken me several times longer. Be warned, only ~3%... Read More get into the course and people do get kicked for not being able to keep up with the curriculum.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has been an insane couple of months, but in the best way possible. I came into the program with very high hopes and surprisingly A/a has lived up to them. Be prepared to learn a ton in a very short amount of time and put your social life on... Read More hold, except for the new friends you will make during the cohort.Read Less",app-academy
App Academy is a great place for learning. The environment is set up to motivate me to learn and become an independent learner. They provided me with all the tools and help needed to become a successful software developer. Their staff is great and were... Read More very willing to help me through my problems.Read Less,app-academy
The program is exactly what it states! It is a BOOTCAMP. There is a lot of information that you must be able to learn and grasp within a few days. That being said it is important that you prepare well for it. The prep work and the interviews are meant... Read More to show where you are and where you need to be in order to be successful in the course. All in all if you come into the program with the right mindset of grinding for 12 weeks(and beyond!) it is definitely worth it. The TAs are very helpful and can answer almost any question. It is a great atmosphere to learn and code programs.Read Less,app-academy
In my case (and that of many others) - App Academy creates an incredibly unique environment where one can accomplish goals that would otherwise be impossible. App Academy gave me the confidence and structure to pursue and develop my interest in programing.... Read More I am now reaching the end of my time at this school and feel incredibly fortunate to have had the opportunity to learn with the incredible teachers and classmates I've met here. Easily the best educational experience I've ever had and I owe this school and it's administrators a dept. of gratitude.Read Less,app-academy
"Learned a lot. Great program if you want to change careers and learn to code. Tution model is awesome, you only pay if they get you a job.",app-academy
"App Academy is not for people who aren't able to work like crazy. The schedule is super intense and rigorous. The 90-100 hours per week estimate was accurate for me, although not everyone. I felt pretty confident coming in after spending a couple of months... Read More studying Ruby, but by day 2 we had surpassed where I'd reached in my studying and the rest of the material was super challenging. There are a lot of high-quality teaching staff members and fellow students, which I appreciated. On the whole my experience has been very positive.Read Less",app-academy
"For an electrical engineer turned software engineer like myself with the knowledge but not the resume to land safely in the industry, App Academy was just what the doctor ordered. Over the course of 9 weeks, the curriculum spanned an entire stack of software... Read More development. From SQL, to Ruby, and Rails on the backend, to Javascript, React, HTML and CSS on the frontend, I was thrown headfirst into the hottest technologies in tech. I was given the tools to modularize my own concepts into building blocks for industry-standard apps. I studied proven algorithms and formulated many of my own algorithms for problems that arose in real time. The staff was extremely knowledgable and savvy, and the lectures were always engaging. I also enjoyed the fact that so much emphasis was placed on teamwork. Most of the projects are done in pairs, which forces students to adapt to different personalities and working styles. Finally, the Fullstack project was a great way to put all the skills we learned to the test. I felt so accomplished when I finally got my MVP's working and my app bug-free and deployed to a fresh custom domain. The reason the course exists, though, is job placement. They do a phenomenal job of this, with career coaches to help students every step of the way, from resume-building to interviewing to technical questions. I highly recommend App AcademyRead Less",app-academy
"I just finished the coding curriculum at App Academy and so far it has been great. The workload is intense and rigorous but if you put in the effort, it's all worth it. If you decide to attend, I really recommend preparing well for the course and be passionate... Read More about learning the material. If you are motivated enough, you will succeed because a/A prepares everything else for you. Also, if you are ever stuck on a project, a/A has great TA's who really know the material and are genuinely interested in helping you learn the material. I recommend App Academy to everyone who has interest on programming.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is difficult. Extremely difficult. You will be challenged quite possibly more than you ever have been before. You will fail, often. All of that being said, it is one of the best educations in the field given the timeframe you go through it... Read More and if you have the discipline and gumption to see it through. I went from someone with no prior coding experience to one of the top students in my class, able to make a fully functional (and if I say so myself, pretty damn cool) web app in the span of two weeks: from initial conceptualization to adding in final easter eggs. App Academy gave me the tools to accomplish this through both it's curriculum and it's great support network of both instructors and fellow students. We're all in the same boat and eager to help each other out where we can. If you can put three months of your life aside for App Academy, and only App Academy, you will succeed.Read Less",app-academy
"I have just finished the coding curriculum of App Academy. The first time I have seen this program, I didn't believe that one can become a software developer in 12 weeks. Now as being at the end of the 9th week, I can say that I was wrong. The program... Read More is scheduled day by day, for the first 9 weeks. You know exactly what to do and expect for the entire coding curriculum. Coding with pairs makes you a team player and for me, as being a person that lived out of US for an entire life, it was a great experience for me to communicate with different people everyday. I recommend App Academy to everyone who has interest on programming.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is single-handedly the best decision I have ever made in my life. I've learned more these past few months than I have the last year of self teaching. The workload is draining as they essentially have you coding from 9AM to 6PM 5 days a week.... Read More But if you put in the work and make use of the staff they have there, you should be able to get by fine. Speaking of the staff, A1. The TA's are always there to answer any questions you may have and genuinely enjoy explaining concepts to you. Also, if you ever have a question after hours the TA's are easily accessible through Slack. 12 weeks may seem like a long time, but trust me when I say it goes by fast.Read Less",app-academy
"Over the course of two years, I taught myself basic Ruby and RoR using free MOOCs like The Odin Project. I was able to make it through App Academy's application process well enough, and I thought that I would be able to stay ""ahead of the curve"" pretty... Read More easily. I was wrong; everything I learned beforehand was covered in the first one or two days of the course. We cover so much material every day that you'll constantly feel behind, and you'll lose sleep pretty regularly to just barely keep up. Once you start building portfolio-level projects, your stress level will double. People were working through the night to complete them, and you'll even see people falling asleep at their desks during lunch. However, you learn a lot of material very quickly. Looking back, it would have taken me years to learn what App Academy packed into a few months. They also have an entire department dedicated to getting you a job, and they don't get paid until you do. I'd say all in all, the experience I've had has been worth the trouble.Read Less",app-academy
"I just finished my coding curriculum from App Academy. I came into App Academy knowing almost nothing about coding. Although the program was quite demanding, I learned a lot and feel more confident that I can get a job in software engineering. Their program... Read More is very well organized. People are paired up within their pods and work on coding projects together the whole day. Each day has a purpose in learning different concepts and the point is for you to absorb and master programming skills as much as you can. I really liked pair programming because my partner kept me motivated and focused the entire time. And when we were stuck, TAs were available to guide us through our problems. Overall, I highly recommend App Academy to those who have no background in computer science and wish to enter the world of software engineering.Read Less",app-academy
"I thought that program was great overall. It provides directed learning, and many examples to draw from for understanding and study purposes. Much of the learning is done during paired programming and on your own in homework or your own projects. Be prepared... Read More to study a lot and focus intensely. I would have liked to have seen more use of popular libraries into the curriculum, but I suppose it makes sense to cover the fundamentals that would prepare one to learn any libraries on the job. I would highly recommend the program; it more than satisfactorily gives you the skills you need to get a job.Read Less",app-academy
"I enjoyed my time at App Academy and would recommend it to anyone considering a career in software development. As long as you are willing to put in the hours &amp; effort, the outcome will be worth the stress. It sets you up with the skills to get a job... Read More as a developer, and since you don't pay until you're employed, the job assistance they offer at the end of the program is pretty good. I finished the course in the fall of 2015 and got a job within a few weeks, so it definitely works!Read Less",app-academy
"Attending app academy was one of the greatest decisions of my life.I was at a crossroads in my life: fresh out of college, with a vague idea of what I wanted to pursue in life, so I was studying for the GRE and always putting off to figure out the rest... Read More later.After meeting a friend who attended aA, I decided to see if programming was for me. I was instantly hooked, as it resonated with my interest in puzzles, math, and problem solving.aA itself is an amazing institution. It's pay after model makes it affordable for students like me who did not have thousands of dollars up front, but more importantly, it gives aA a vested interest in finding you not only a job upon graduation, but a high paying job. This model is vastly superior to traditional university systems, which seem to only care about billing students after graduation.aA has their program down to a science. I felt the education I got here was better than the ones friends got at GA. Not only was the education great, but the professional network and friendships I made there were worth it all by itself.Read Less",app-academy
"""Would you like fries with that?"" is what I would be saying if it weren't for App Academy.Instead I now say things like ""who wrote this smelly code"" and ""oh it was me"" and mostly ""thank god for stack overflow"".Since graduating from App Academy my quarterly... Read More steak consumption has increased by 400% and I don't even have to open the door to my own apartment building myself.Need I say more?Read Less",app-academy
"My cohort finished about a year ago, and everyone I've spoken with is super happy with the jobs they got afterward. I would recommend this bootcamp to anyone who is a self-starter. I was self-taught for over a year before the course started and that helped... Read More me out a lot. Even though we covered nearly everything I'd taught myself in the first 3 weeks, I came in with the confidence that this was something I would want to do as a career. At a/A there are no grades, nobody holding your hand or giving you constant praise. The staff is supportive of course, but they are there to teach you the skills and traits to become great at this trade, and that includes self-sufficiency.Read Less",app-academy
"I was planning to go to grad school for comp sci before my friend introduced me to App Academy. I was skeptical at first of programming bootcamps, but App Academy seemed really legit so I gave it a shot. Coming from a programming background, I was surprised... Read More by how challenging and how much I learned in just the first week. The curriculum is very challenging and keeps you on your toes the whole way through. By pairing with a new student every day, you tend to pick up in each other's good programming practices. At the end of the program you know how to create a website from the ground up and build it well. The curriculum is constantly evolving as new web frameworks and best practices emerge, and as an alumni I still have access to all the materials. App Academy turbo charged my career in the best and most competitive city in the world. App Academy was the best decision of my life.Read Less",app-academy
"From dabbling with programming to actually working as a professional software developer is something I could not have done without App Academy. The curriculum helped me build a strong foundation in programming, build up a portfolio, and taught me the... Read More best practices and tools of the trade so I could hit the ground running in my new career. The instructors are top notch, and once you get on the job hunt, there's a lot of resources and support to help land a great job, and continue learning. I was also really impressed by the rest of my cohort. App Academy does a great job selecting smart and talented people making it a great environment to learn. If you're serious about going into software development, this is the way to do it!Read Less",app-academy
"Before: When I was first considering joining a coding boot camp I was fairly skeptical. 3 months to change careers and make the kind of money a/A advertised seemed too good to be true. Especially since going in I had no college degree and no related professional... Read More experience. I did a lot of research and applied to many of the major boot camps offering 'similar' curriculums. I was accepted to a few including Dev Bootcamp and Flatiron School. All of the boot camps say that their curriculum is geared towards people with ""no experience"", so anyone can do it. That's a bit misleading as they all will expect you to demonstrate some logical competency and a basic understanding of how to problem solve programmatically in the interview. I spent about 6 months practicing on sites like codeschool.com and codewars.com before I began applying. In the end, I selected a/A for two reasons: their tuition structure (pay after you get a job), and because I found their application process to be the most difficult. I applied 3 times before I was accepted to a/A, vs. my first try at the other schools.During:My brother is a Marine and had a great time ribbing me about going to a 'boot camp' for obvious reasons. But I have to say, although there are not pushups, calling it a boot camp isn't far off. It is very, very hard, and the hours are long. Again, I never graduated college, so my basis for comparison might be skewed, but even people in my cohort with degrees ranging from BAs to PhDs acknowledged that it was a difficult program. The style of teaching at a/A is to show you a thing once, then give you instructions and a day to replicate it with a partner, with the TAs on hand to assist. They will not give you direct answers (for the most part) but rather guide you through the all-important process of debugging and figuring out problems on your own. It's challenging, and at times very frustrating, but ultimately the system teaches you how to be a self-reliant developer.After:In 5 months I went from being a bartender with no college degree to a well-paid full-stack (actual job title, not just a buzz word) web developer at a company that I'm very excited about. Most graduates (so far, from my class) landed an initial salary between 90 and 100k. Another concern I had going in was that a/A teaches Ruby on Rails, which some developers will tell you isn't the most relevant language these days. That's BS. Developers love to be opinionated about the tech that they work with, and you will be too eventually. I love Rails, but I can say objectively that it's more about learning how a server is structured than the specific syntax you are using. The knowledge that I got from a/A felt tech agnostic by the time I reached the job hunt; language is a nonissue. Anyways, there are definitely a lot of Rails specific developer positions out there if that's the route you decide to go. The job hunt is a bit intense, but there are designated a/A staff members to help you along the way. If you follow their road map, keep studying after graduation, and utilize your peer support network, you will find a job in under 3 months.  Tl;drIt's hard to get in, very hard to keep up, and reasonably difficult to find a job afterward. But if you are expecting any part of it to be easy it's not for you. The program works, sorry for the platitude but it's the best decision I've ever made.Read Less",app-academy
"I was stuck in a dead-end job, feeling unfulfilled, unable to find different work, ready for a challenge. I had played around with programming on my own, and found it to be entrancing. The thought of building something and collaborating with others to... Read More make something cool and new captured my imagination.However, I didn't have $15,000 lying around.App Academy, as it does with all of it's students, took a chance on me.After completing the rigorous pre-work, surviving through the nerve-wracking Skype interviews, and blowing through the online tests, I was accepted into this illustrious bootcamp whose unique payment method and renown had separated them from the pack. The deal was that I wouldn't pay a penny until they had helped me acquire a high-paying development job in Manhattan.I don't believe they allow this anymore, but when the program started, I had resolved to quite literally live at App Academy. That meant waking up at 8am, reviewing code, sitting through the 9am lecture, pair programming all day, writing my daily reflections, doing my homework, doing my readings, and sleeping under my terminal. This went on for 4 months.Fast-forward to the final project, I was smashing through code on a different intellectual level than I could've imagined at the outset of the program. Unable to stop writing software to prove that I could do this on my own.Fast-forward to the job search curriculum, I had a few weeks where I was talking to 3 different companies at once, and achieved a total of 6 offers, all at least 20k more than I was making at my previous job just 5 months prior.and now fast forward two years since graduating, I'm a Senior Software Engineer working at a cutting edge company doing work I love making triple my salary before a/A.My options are endless now, I can continue living in NYC, rising the ladder, maybe becoming a CTO one day, I could switch it up and freelance remotely while traveling the world, or I could even try to take a risk on founding a startup, and it's all thanks to my decision to go to App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is definitely not for the faint of heart- from the application process, to the prep work, to the course itself and ultimately the job search, you will be challenged and pushed to your limit. That being said, I met some of the most intelligent... Read More people I've ever known here (my classmates) who were supportive and helpful, and the curriculum is top-notch. In the end, it took me exactly one month after graduation to find a job, and I am loving my new career. If you want to make a change, a/A is the place to do it.Read Less",app-academy
"This program will become your life for 3 months. It's really immersive. But it does it right. The instructors are enthusiastic and intelligent, the curriculum is amazing, and the community is an ideal catalyst. You not only learn today's top tech, but... Read More you learn how to keep up with the times so that you can learn tomorrow's tech. Everyone looks back and is in awe of how much he/she has learned in just one season.Read Less",app-academy
"Of all the institutions I've been a part of through my education and career, App Academy is probably the one I feel the most connection to and loyalty towards. Unlike some of the boot camps springing up that seem to springing up to capture some quick... Read More profit, App Academy is building something awesome. With its highly selective admissions process and no-tuition business model, App Academy is bringing innovation to the badly broken higher education system. During my time at a/A, I was surrounded by some of the the smartest, most driven people I have ever known. This environment lent itself to some seriously accelerated learning: a few months before I applied, I didn't know the first thing about computer programming, and especially not about the arcana of web development. But by graduation day, I had landed a job at an awesome startup and have been impressing my superiors since (which is apparently normal for App Academy grads). Some people took quite a bit longer to find jobs, but I don't know anywhere from my cohort who has not yet found a good web dev job. And if you have even an iota of charisma (I think I do) or have a strong STEM background (I don't), you can expect to find a job in no time.So basically if you want to learn a ton from smart people with other smart people and then get paid money to keep doing that when you finish, do a/A. 9.9/10 Would do again.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is super tough -- but also super effective. I graduated in April 2016 and landed my first dev job in under a month. The pros: This course really goes in-depth. I had taken a lot of classes before (introductory classes to one language or another,... Read More some online tutorials to front-end, etc) but anything that dove into the real nuts and bolts of how websites and apps goes together left me with more questions than answers. App Academy forces you to dig into the subject matter and come out with the tools to move forward. You'll be surrounded by people as passionate about learning as you are, and the TAs are always on-hand to get you past whatever is blocking your understanding. If you can graduate from a/A, you can get a job in development (and succeed in it!)The cons: This course is not a fun time. App Academy is grueling and, frankly, pretty miserable most of the time. If doing all code every day sounds like a negative, this might not be the course for you. If you aren't excited enough about code to put your life on hold for 12 weeks, you should probably look for a different bootcamp. Most people have to put in a lot of hours to keep up with the curriculum, and if you fall behind -- you're out. That being said: if you aren't discouraged by the workload -- go for it. The curriculum is rock-solid, the instructors are committed to helping you succeed, and the statistics are there to prove it. The fact that I only had to pay after getting hired made this bootcamp affordable for me when others weren't, and the job-hunting portion of the curriculum is thorough and effective. If you're looking to change your career path and can take 12 weeks to do nothing but write code (and I do mean nothing), this is a sure bet.Read Less",app-academy
"I was part of the December 2013 cohort, graduating in March of 2014. This was a life-changing experience for me, and I would recommend a/A to anyone who wants to learn and is willing to work for it.a/A give you the tools you need to launch a career in... Read More tech. The curriculum is rigorous. Indeed, you will need to commit ~80 hours per week to be successful in this program. Your instructors and classmates provide the motivation to survive the long work days. Pair programming FTW!My degree is in Premedical Nutrition Science. I knew nothing about programming when I first applied to a/A. Only one month after graduation, I received my first job offer! Everyone from my cohort was employed within 2 months.There's also a wonderful network of a/A grads. Many have become very successful in the field, working for big name companies like Google and Facebook. Referrals are aplenty.But don't take it from me - I think the business model says it all. You don't pay tuition until you get a job, and the amount you owe is based on how much you earn. They must be damn good at what they do, or else they would've gone broke by now.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was a gamechanger. I was skeptical about how a course can give anybody a skillset to earn a high-paying job in 2-3 months. After going through the program and becoming a full-time software developer, I would recommend this program (and have)... Read More to anybody looking to gain the skills necessary to hit the ground running in this field. It works so well in so little time because 1) the market is on fire, 2) the curriculum is compact with zero fat, 3) you breathe web development with smart peers for the duration of the program. These skills are in high demand, and app academy does an amazing job of drilling this stuff in your head in a way that gets you ready to enter the workforce with a high degree of aptitude. The acceptance bar is pretty high, but you kind of want that because it ensures that the people you are learning this stuff with are as sharp and hungry as you are. Anyways, the companies where alumni work and the reputation of app academy should be indicative enough of the quality of the program. It's an intense time, but it serves its purpose extremely well.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy lives up to its promises - fast-paced yet thorough, independent yet collaborative. I was impressed by the efficiency with which the curriculum teaches students enough to contribute to a real job, and I learned more in the weeks that I was... Read More there than I could've on my own. It's an entertaining yet challenging ride. You pay for the program structure, curriculum, and instruction - things that you couldn't get on your own. Highly recommended!Read Less",app-academy
"I immigrated from China to US recently and I was thinking make a choice between a regular CS degree and App academy from one of my friends' suggestion. App academy gives me an opportunity that I never could have in China to pursue my passion in programming,... Read More now I am working as a software engineer. It is best learning experience I have ever had. The TAs are very helpful and knowledgable and the students are very smart that I learned a lot from the people I worked with.Read Less",app-academy
"There is a lot of skepticism around coding bootcamps, with new schools popping up every day with bold claims, but I’m here to tell you that App Academy is the real deal. I was initially won over by App Academy’s deferred tuition model because it aligned... Read More the school’s interests of getting paid with my interests of getting a coding job post-bootcamp.But the tuition model only works because App Academy actually delivers on their ambitious sales pitch. As a former high school math teacher, I was most impressed by App Academy’s curriculum and instruction. As someone who was definitely on the less experienced end of the spectrum (I had worked in an operations role at a tech startup prior, but never as a developer), App Academy continuously pushed me just outside of my intellectual comfort zone for 12 weeks straight. What’s more, App Academy’s flipped classroom approach, emphasis on building projects and pair programming ensured that I was really internalizing and absorbing the enormous amount of material. The weekly assessments were definitely stressful to say the least, but looking back, I’m thankful because I know the material that much better. In addition, NYC staff members are not only super knowledgeable and passionate about technology themselves, but they’re also genuinely nice people who really put student learning first and foremost (regardless of how novice the question). The real game-changer is your fellow students: these are some of the smartest people I’ve ever collaborated with, and we really supported each other throughout to understand the material.I’m not going to lie and say that it was a breeze — it was probably the hardest three-months of work. But after three months of insanity, I’m now a web developer — which is crazy and a testament to what someone passionate about software development can accomplish at App Academy.Read Less",app-academy
"I came to App Academy with several years of past programming experience, but I had not written any code in 5+ years and had never done any web development. For me, the first few weeks of the course where a great and surprisingly in-depth review of programming... Read More fundamentals. The rest of the course was made up of a backend and a frontend module. I found both modules surprisingly thorough and deep as well. I was well prepared for my first job as a developer and felt like the course gave me the tools I needed to hit the ground running. I've been working as a programmer for about 4 years now and am very happy with my career change.Read Less",app-academy
"I admit I was skeptical of all App Academy's promises going in, but they delivered on everything. I was offered a software engineer job on the last official day of the course. I've been at the job 3 months now and am very happy with my role and feel like... Read More the course prepared me well.The course is very intensive, but really not as grueling as it is hyped up to be. The real hard part is getting in, so make sure you are well prepared before applying. I also highly recommend their Jump Start program if it is offered to you.Their job search support is just simple high school resume and interview advice. Not very useful for most, but if you've never applied for a job before it's better than nothing, I suppose. The true resource is your classmates; a pool of 70 or so brilliant and highly motivated people to practice interview problems with. So nod your head and jump through the silly hoops the job search staff give you, and then put your head down and grind interview problems with your classmates.Read Less",app-academy
"I came from a pre-medical background and went into AppAcademy with 0 coding experience until a few months before my start date. Attended from July til Oct of 2016 and received an offer from Paypal in Dec 2016. Staff is great, they're knowledgeable and... Read More very caring all the way from the curriculum into the job search period. I liked the curriculum albeit it isn't perfect, could use a slight change in pace and emphasis in certain sections. However it is very up-to-date and relevant; I feel well-prepared for when I start at PayPal. No real cons as my impression is that App Academy is the best bootcamp in the Bay Area, even better than Hack Reactor, due to the curriculum (more up-to-date and better structured in terms of emphasis and pacing).Read Less",app-academy
"I came into App Academy knowing I wanted to be in coding but not how to get into the profession. I expected to be able to breeze through the coding portion of the curriculum and get the most benefit during the job search curriculum. However, the work... Read More was a lot more challenging than expected and definitely extremely comprehensive. We learned so much during the 3 months, I was extremely surprised at what I could accomplish by the end. It definitely was a lot of hard work. Students spend upwards of 80 to 100 hours a week to keep up. This is not an exaggeration. People do get expelled from the program if they cannot keep up. However, the exams are extremely fair and as long as you keep up, you will do fine. I ended up getting multiple offers within a month after graduating and nearly doubled my salary from my last job. I am not working in the field I love.Read Less",app-academy
"You are expected to learn quite a bit about Ruby on your own before you are accepted into App Academy. Once in, you WILL be spending a lot of time learning and coding. A typical class day starts at 9am and ends at 6pm, but students will stay until 10-11... Read More to finish the day's project or start on the next day's material. Expect this schedule for the next 4 months or so of your life.The curriculum is constantly evolving to cater to the needs of the current job market. At the time I'm writing this, React/Redux is one of the hottest frameworks in the market, so the tail end of the curriculum is devoted to React. However, should another language/framework take over, the instruction team will configure the curriculum accordingly.You will spend most of your day pair-programming with another student on the day's projects, switching every 15 minutes between typing and navigating (giving instructions on what to code next). The teaching assistants are available for help if the two of you get stuck on something. From experience, they are almost always able to pinpoint where you got stuck and explain why you made the errors you made.The instruction team generally consists of graduates from previous cohorts, who, having gone through the same material, are constantly finding the best way to explain and present the curriculum.The job assistance team regularly brings alums and industry insiders to discuss their experience with the program, and helps connect current students with alums at their firms. They will also help you with your communications to negotiate and maximize your earning potential, since a higher salary for you means a higher payment to them.Read Less",app-academy
"Recent AppAcademy graduate (August NYC cohort) and I can honestly say that I am incredibly happy that I made the decision to join. After completing my MS in Applied Physics and working as a Process Engineer (no software engineering background), I felt... Read More as though I needed to make a career change. After applying to jobs for about 5 months, I began looking into some alternatives and eventually found the coding bootcamp option. I was very hesitant at first because it is a huge time and $ investment and it almost felt as though I was giving up on my current credentials and qualifications. But once I started, those feelings of hesitation quickly disappeared and now that I have completed the program and received multiple offers from great companies within weeks of graduating, I can safely say that I am more excited than ever to start my new career as a software engineer. Not only do I have a passion to continue learning and excelling in this field, but I am confident in what I will bring to my next job. All in all, I highly recommend this program to anyone who wants to accelerate their path to becoming a software engineer and is willing to put in the effort (some in my class were able to get away with 60hr/weeks, but I probably came closer to 80hr/weeks). All of the resources to succeed are in place and the deferred tuition model demonstrates the belief that AppAcademy places in it's curriculum, instructors, and most importantly, students.Read Less",app-academy
"I assume you're reading these reviews because you're on the fence about joining App Academy. tl;dr, just do it!! I'll leave more details below about my personal experience:-Completed the program in late July 2016-Job hunted for ~1.5 months (I underestimated... Read More how difficult this would be, not only from an X's and O's execution perspective, but also from a psychological perspective going from employed to not-employed, etc.)-Received multiple offers-I've both spoken with grads from other bootcamps conversationally, as well interviewed them formally. In both cases, it's amazing how much App Academy teaches you compared to other bootcamps. It comes as no surprise their graduates command the highest salaries fresh out of school.-Quality control is serious business at App Academy. Dismissal of students based on performance and/or attendance is a real thing. That being said, keep in mind that dismissing students for performance is against App Academy's financial interest (they'll refund your $$ and not charge you). As such, know that assessments are not there to ""trick you,"" and leverage the resources they offer accordingly. Deal with it, and learn to love it. It's the only way they can maintain the brand mentioned in the previous bullet point.The amount you'll learn at App Academy truly is incredible, and your classmates will be your network in tech as the job offers start rolling in. In most cases, you always have the option of going back to your previous career if you don't like what you see, and you'll receive a free education along the way. In that way, App Academy was one of the lowest-risk, highest-reward investments I've ever made in myself. Just.... do it!I love to connect and learn about the individuals making similar career changes. Feel free to reach out on LinkedIn (Mark Mullan @ Clover Network) and we can grab a coffee.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is truly a great bootcamp. First off the bat, they are very selective so you can be sure that you are learning with people equally as motivated as you are.The curriculum is great, and it gives you plenty of opportunities to build individual... Read More projects to beef up your skill and resume. I have to say that the job search support was a bit lacking for me because there are so few people on their job search team, but we had a lot of lectures and alums coming to share information that was all very useful during my job search process. All the staff there are really nice and genuinely want you to do well - it's not just about getting you a job so you can start paying them back!I miss the rigorous schedule and the fun-filled coding days already!Read Less",app-academy
"As a recent App Academy graduate, I'm very happy with my decision to enroll. The course is definitely intense, however, it is as difficult as it needs to be to ensure that you graduate the program with the skills and knowledge necessary to get a job in... Read More the tech industry. All of the instructors are great at what they do, and the curriculum is really well thought out. Each week's material builds on itself to incrementally to teach you everything you need to know. I would recommend App Academy to anyone who is looking to transition into the tech industry, and is ready to put in the work to do so.Read Less",app-academy
"I just finished the curriculum at App Academy and have learned more in the last two months than the last year of self studying. The program is high-intensity, they really mean it when they say 80 hours / week, but along with the program you get a fantastic... Read More support system that really cares about you instead of what paycheck you'd be bringing them. I really feel prepared to go out into the workforce and have something concrete to show for my efforts. You really can't go wrong with App Academy if you put in the effort and are serious about your work. Can't recommend it enough if you are considering a transition.Read Less",app-academy
"THE GOODS:I joined a/A because I wanted to make a switch to a dev career, coming from 3 years in Marketing, but with some programming experience. Still, there are some pretty brilliant students in my cohort with varied backgrounds, sometimes with 0 coding... Read More experience, and they're doing very well. Which, in summary, means: no matter your background, a/A will give you the tools to be successful, but it will be up to you and how well you adapt to the intense curriculum.This is not the regular college pace. It's much more intensive than that. If you fail 2 of the weekly assessments, you're out. Some of the people from my cohort who got kicked out weren't putting enough effort into it and were still in the college inertia, which isn't enough. Again: you get what you put into it.You will get support from TAs on the floor every day. A lot of the times, they will not directly answer your questions but guide you to the answer by showing you the pieces, making you think it through. I really liked this approach as it made me realize that I had the answer most of the times, but was looking at it through the wrong perspective.When I joined, I expected to learn the basis that would allowed me to learn a lot more of the things I wanted, but it ended up exceeding my expectations. They not only teach you how to develop a full-stack webapp and the technologies behind one, but they go through a lot of CS concepts too, which was beyond what I expected.The tech curriculum is proprietary, very well written and structured. It explains a lot of things in details, which means you can expect countless hours of lectures and readings.You will walk out with a lot of small projects that you'll develop throughout the curriculum, plus three bigger ones for your résumé. Most importantly: you'll finish wanting to do more, so you'll most likely develop some projects on your own afterwards.Their system for tracking progress is really impressive and well designed, which makes you feel more confident in the structure they offer.THE BADS:The job search curriculum is less structured than the tech one. The content is there, but it's not centralized, so you often have to remember where to go if you want to check presos, homework material or schedule. There are few job search coaches for the full cohort, so it gets a bit hard to get some good feedback from them.All in all, 11 weeks into the program, I feel confident about getting where I want, so I can't recommend it enough.Read Less",app-academy
"Background: I came from a/A from graduate school in philosophy. I'm currently in the job portion of the curriculum. Pros: The structure of the curriculum is great. I had some familiarity with Rails before, but their presentation of Rails was far clearer... Read More and intuitive from what I had gone through online. Pair programming is challenging, I learned a lot from it. The job curriculum is very helpful so far. The TAs are all helpful and friendly. Most people who attend a/A are smart and have a variety of different coding strengths which I learned from. Pay less up front!Recent cohorts continue to have good job placement rates. Cons:Sometimes the schedule changes on short notice. On the whole, it's more expensive than other bootcamps which friends who now work as software engineers have attended (Dev Bootcamp). Overall, I'd recommend it.Read Less",app-academy
"I was part of the September 2016 Cohort. I found the environment very encouraging with support from both your TA's and peers . I was very impressed with the quality of instruction as well as the sheer quantity of information we learned in such a short... Read More amount of time. For example, we learned recursion in one day. I would highly recommend a/A to anyone looking to learn, grow and switch to a new fulfilling career in software development!Read Less",app-academy
"I was learning the MEAN stack before and felt like I needed the extra push to become job-ready. App Academy stood out for two reasons.1) It is the top bootcamp and you get to work with smart people. Pair programming is common across many high quality... Read More bootcamp. Some people doubt the value of it. But when you work with programmers who are better than you, you will become a better programmer. At a/A, some students have CS background and some are just bright students who can digest concepts quickly. I was able to discuss different ways of solving problems and learned a lot from my peers. You will miss your days of pair programming when you are in project phase.2) It focuses on job preparation. While other bootcamps focus on projects exclusively during the second half of the program, a/A makes you learn algorithms and prepare for interviews. IMO, you can always fix your projects on weekends or after the program. But having career support is the key to getting a job. Also, sharing interview tips with other students who are going through the same process gives you a unique advantage.The number of TA was not enough for my cohort. It didn't cause any problem until the project phase. But they realized the problem and hired more TA for the next cohort. Thumbs up for really responding to our feedback and trying to make the program better.Read Less",app-academy
Very well structured program - I've learned more in the last two months than the last two years combined. Financing options make this program stand out from competitors and open up the applicant pool significantly. Extremely impressed by the other students... Read More in the cohort.Read Less,app-academy
"I wanted to change careers from being a travel agent to software developer. I made the decision to apply for App Academy after researching about available courses that will get me ready in the work field. I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into at... Read More first, but I am very glad I was able to attend App Academy. App Academy not only taught me modern coding languages and conventions that is relevant in today's job market. More importantly, App Academy taught me how to learn and how to push myself to work hard every single day. I have confidence in my skills and confidence in that I will be able to adept into any environment. I have never worked so hard as I have during my time in App Academy, and I am very thankful for such an experience. I would highly recommend anyone looking into getting into the web application development field to take a look at what App Academy has to offer. The staffs of App Academy are amazing and super friendly. Robert, Jenn, and Shamayel were particularly helpful during my time at App Academy. Maybe you will be fortunate to get to know them too.Read Less",app-academy
"The program covered Ruby and database back-end extensively and gave me all the tools I needed to build a full-stack application. The React/Redux curriculum was effective and very helpful. Everyone in the program was passionate about succeeding, and there... Read More were many cool projects made during the program. The intense pacing means that you're constantly learning and you really understand the material by the end of the program.The job seeker curriculum has plenty of helpful materials and has been very helpful in refining my application materials.Read Less",app-academy
"After going through App Academy, I am so glad that I made the decision to quit my job to enroll. Yes, it is an intense experience, and there are some stressful moments, but if you're serious about learning how to program and build full-stack websites,... Read More I wouldn't recommend anything else.The program is very structured for the first 9 weeks, and everything is fully laid out for you - you know exactly what you're supposed to do every day of every week, and how long it's expected to take. The structure was really helpful for me so I knew whether or not I was falling behind, and I knew what was expected of me. There are assessments to test your knowledge, which are probably the most stressful part of the program, but you'll be fine if you study the material and do the practice tests. App Academy doesn't want you to fail, they do what they can to let you know what type of material they're going to test on.In all, it's incredible to look back on my experience and remember how little I knew before I started and how far I've come since then. I had zero quantitative/technical background and was working in Sales beforehand, but I've been able to learn super technical concepts and apply them in my projects. I've learned much more than I have ever learned in my life, and it feels awesome. Go to App Academy!Read Less",app-academy
Pros:- you meet a ton of new people- everyone is super helpful. The staff love to help and your peers come in from all different levels so there's always plenty of people you can ask if you get stuck on anything.- project-based so you knwo how to apply... Read More everything you learn (instead of learning a bunch of hard things having no idea how to apply it all)Cons:- It's a marathon. It gets harder every week and there isn't a lot of time to play catch-up so keep on top of everything. - you may feel like your drowning but it'll be fine- the assessment structure is extremely stressful if you fail so study for all of the assessmentsRead Less,app-academy
"As someone who hasn't yet graduated college, I was afraid a coding bootcamp wouldn't be as good as going to a university. Boy, was I wrong. It was everything, but easy. On day 1, we hit the ground running! You're always motivated to work really hard because... Read More the material is fun. All of the instructors and TAs genuinely care, and will sit with you for hours to solve even the tiniest bug. The curriculum is very complete and you are able to create complete web applications by the end of the course. If you are considering coding bootcamps, or want to transition into the industry, I highly recommend App Academy.If you have any specific questions about the program, feel free to contact me! email: humza.baig2009@gmail.comRead Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a very intense, yet fun learning experience. The staff, culture and students (in my cohort) were all amazing. Being surrounded by some of the smartest people from around the country and learning together is priceless. I learned far more... Read More in 3 months than I would have using online resources on the web. They offer a lot of extra learning opportunities, with some great TA's who's sole purpose in life is to help you as a student. App Academy is one of the top software engineering schools in the Bay Area with a less than 3% acceptance rate, so be prepared to go into a cave for a few months, but it is most definitely worth it!Read Less",app-academy
"I am a natural skeptic, so I made sure to do a ton of research before attending App Academy. After going through the program, I can safely say that App Academy is exactly how they advertise. I learned more in 2 months than I could have hoped to learn... Read More in a year or more by myself. The course is exactly what I needed as someone who came to tech as a former attorney, and I feel prepared to work as a full-time web developer. I am truly glad I had the opportunity to attend and would recommend it to anyone serious about switching careers into web development.Read Less",app-academy
"Background: A former teacher/political science graduate who decided to become a programmer last year.Application: I applied to App Academy in December 2015, and started attending in August of 2016. I was invited to do the Jumpstart program, which is a... Read More two week instensive where they try to help you get into the program, while teaching you fundamentals of programming (Jumpstart has its own mini curriculum). Thoughts on the program: App Academy doesn't have a lot of flair, the facilities are fairly bair bone, which for me is a plus. Attending a bootcamp with a beer tap, or 7 ply toilet paper, means that someone (you) has to pay for it. The instructional staff are all former students who aced the course (there are 6 assessments) and were rated well by their peers. This means they tend to be very helpful, but they aren't perfect. That overall adds positively to the ambiance, since working with someone who may not know exactly how to solve your problems means you can follow their debugging process while they solve your problem.Overall, the program is really intense. I haven't spoken with most of my friends for over an hour during the course of the program, and I have killed all of my hobbies. I was not a programmer before, and this meant I had to push myself much harder than those who had backgrounds which lends them more to programming. The program is not perfect, but honestly, what is? The program is free, except for the 5,000 debosit you need to pay upfront. There is a strike system, and an assessment system so it is possible to fail out(semi-common) or strike out(extremely uncommon-unless you suck as a human).If you can push yourself this hard, and you enjoy programming, then this is the program for you. It's no frills, the people and instructors are awesome, and overall it is enjoyable, if a bit intense.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy promises a lot: 12 Weeks, Software Developer, $110K Average Salary. It sounds unbelievable, and it kind of is. It's unbelievable that after 12 weeks, you can have a mediocre knowledge of programmingand actually create functional websites.... Read More It's also unbelievable that you'll be immersed in programming for 70-90 hours a week.You'll be surrounded by intelligent peers that want the same things you do, along with an incredible support staff that matchesinstructors at the top-level of education.The scale of everything is unbelievable, but if you're willing to take the plunge, you'll wonder why you didn't commit earlier.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is a rigorous course that will push you to your mental limits, especially if you have less than a year of experience in coding. I was able to learn about programming topics that I didn't even know that I didn't know, which was a huge problem... Read More I had when I was studying by myself. Due to the selective interviewing process, everyone in the cohort is passionate and motivated to get to the end of the course. As a result, everyone is enthusiastic and eager to help each other out. If you're serious about getting into web development in as little time as possible, I cannot imagine a better method than App Academy and I strongly recommend this course.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is an incredible way to jump into technology industry. If you have the ability to get in and want to become a developer, you should apply.After two months of hard work I can say I am a Web Developer. I’m proud of the work that me and my classmates... Read More have done. If you are considering going to App Academy be prepared to work hard. There are time that you will wonder whether you are qualified, or capable enough. If you get through the admission process you are capable enough to get through the course. Work harder than you ever have, but remember to have fun with your peers.Read Less",app-academy
"The curriculum portion of the course is very rigorous and you end up learning a lot. Every day you spend most of your time pair programming, which promotes a great learning environment! The material is very quick and breaks only the surface, but gives... Read More you enough knowledge to read professional level code and learn on your own by the end of the program. The TAs are extremely resourceful and can help you with literally anything! They ask for feedback daily so that they can keep improving from one cohort to the next, which is really great!The job search portion of the boot camp is jam packed with projects as well as material. When you are creating your projects from scratch, you realize the gaps in your knowledge and have to figure out how to solve them mostly on your own. This can be challenging and a little scary, but pretty reflective of what life will be like after you are finished with the academy. One of the best things about a/A is that you'll have access to all of their material forever, which can be a great resource later in life.Read Less",app-academy
"I was definitely a skeptic even during the program. its hard to see yourself going from basic OOP in the first couple weeks to making a full blown website. However, here I am weeks later capable of doing such a task. It wasn't easy, I definitely had to... Read More push myself through some very long nights but it definitely feels worthwhile when its all said and done. I am both surprised and satisfied at the quality of apps I am now capable of making in such a short amount of timeRead Less",app-academy
"I've found that App Academy lives up to the hype, both in terms of hard work and how fast paced it is. The course really pushes students to achieve and learn as much as possible. It is pretty stressful at times, but very rewarding. Fortunately, the coursework... Read More is excellently organized - the coursework lists daily homework/readings/videos - which helps keep students on top of their studies. There are plenty of extra resources, including the superb TA's themselves. Every TA at App Academy is knowledgable, patient, and willing to help.App Academy focuses on pair programming every day, which is a great way to learn what your weaknesses are, to learn through teaching, and sharpen your interpersonal skills (what future employers care about!). The course also slowly progresses from from holding your hand to a hands off approach so that you learn to teach yourself anything you want or need to know, another necessary skill in the workplace. Speaking of the workplace, App Academy's job search curriculum is incredibly involved. They really help you polish your resume, cover letter, and interviewing skills. I don't know of other coding bootcamps with this much post-curriculum support.If you are passionate about programming (and you have to be to make it through the program) and want to change your life, App Academy can help you do it!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is amazing! I had less than 6 months experience in coding before coming to a/A and I learned so much over the course of the curriculum! All the staff is so great and goes above and beyond to help you succeed! It's a insanely intense 3 months,... Read More but it's so worth it! App Academy has given me the tools to be the best developer I can be and I can't thank them enough for that!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy is challenging and if you can't handle the gas pedal being floored 24/7 until the end of the curriculum, then this ride is probably not for you.This is a coding bootcamp that will challenge your ability to learn. It will require you to learn... Read More fast or find a different method of learning. Chances are, you will be stressed out during this course multiple times for whatever reason but you can't let that slow you down. A coding bootcamp doesn't become a top coding bootcamp by being easy. I just finished the bulk of my curriculum and it's amazing what I can do now. When I used to work at retail I would see the seasons come and go. One season, and I have made leaps that I would never have had I tackled this journey alone. I know this because I was trying to learn to code alone and it didn't really work out.I am a software developer because of App Academy. Without them I would have been working in retail or real estate because that was the most recent job offer that I had at the time this happened.Read Less",app-academy
"I'm currently in Week 10 of the 12 week program and so far I have few complaints. The curriculum is jam-packed with useful material that is identical to the kind of work that real software developers do; you will learn Rails authentication, React and... Read More Redux cycles, and much more. On top of that, the staff is incredibly friendly and if one thing, a/A can guarantee that you won't be bored for a single second for at least 12 weeks.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy has got to be the best coding bootcamp around, and I would say the best coding education period.First of all, the TAs are some of the smartest people I've ever met and they go the extra mile to make sure you understand the material.Second... Read More of all, the course goes at lightning speed. You're always motivated to work as hard as humanly possible because the material is fun, the supplementary videos and homework are awesome, and because of the pair programming aspect.Third, by the end of the course you not only know how to create web apps, you know how to teach yourself practically anything. A big part of the time spent at App Academy is spent figuring out how to accomplish things, and that's one of the most important skills as a programmer.Thanks to App Academy, I'm now doing what I love to do!Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was an amazing experience. From learning the basics of Ruby through developing full stack web apps, the instructors are always extremely helpful and push you to be your best. I feel like my education at App Academy has set me up for success,... Read More not just right now, but also in the long run.Read Less",app-academy
"For anyone determined to make a career change to software development, I cannot recommend App Academy enough. It was incredibly strenuous, but it was totally worth the effort. You will legitimately spend about 70-80 hours a week working for three months,... Read More but you learn so much. I had around two years of intermittent experience in software development prior to the course. Most of what I learned was through Ruby on Rails tutorials and some personal Rails applications, all self-taught. App Academy had a perfect mix of CS theory and practical development to enrich my understanding of building software. This mix also provided an excellent foundation for branching-out and learning other tools than what are taught in the curriculum. I still look back at the curriculum material for reference because it is so good. My classmates were some of the smartest and nicest people that I have ever met, and the staff were extremely professional and seemed to genuinely care about our progress.Read Less",app-academy
"I can't recommend this program enough to anyone considering it! I went from knowing next to nothing about programming and barely making money to having a full time job as a software engineer making six figures and building cool stuff. Honestly, attending... Read More App Academy was one of the best decisions I've ever made.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy took over my life for 3 months, but now I have job! The pace of the curriculum, daily projects, and weekly assessments were a constant source of anxiety, but it all combined to cram more CS knowledge into my head than I thought was possible... Read More in such a short amount of time. While there was a good mix of theory and framework/language-specific details, there were times it felt like we could have benefited from lingering on a topic for a week longer. CSS, for example, felt like an afterthought in the curriculum. Another great feature of the course were the TAs, who were all extremely smart and helpful. It was also refreshing to simply be around a group of students who were mostly very smart and easy to work with. One misconception I had going into the course was that a job would be easy to land after completing the course. While there is a decent alumni network, we were still expected to send out obscene numbers of applications every week. While I came out of the program with a solid portfolio of projects, the response rate I got from cold-applying was extremely low. In the end, I landed a job through an App Academy connection. All in all, it was totally worth it!Read Less",app-academy
"I tried to learn to program on my own, and got pretty far. I had too many moments where I wished I could just raise my hand and ask a question from a real-life person. That alone made App Academy necessary to me.Their curriculum is HARD. I've always wanted... Read More to live in San Francisco, and I had arrived a day before class so I didn't have time to explore. 3 months later, I still hadn't explored SF because I had ZERO spare time. Even giving the course 100%, there's still material that I missed simply because I didn't have the energy to learn because of how tired I was. Having said that, they cover EVERYTHING. There is very little that I've heard at my new job that doesn't at least sound familiar from App Academy. They really go above and beyond to give you the opportunity to learn a little of everything.It took my 4 months to find a job after graduating, which was stressful. Having said that, I'm now making literally three-times what I've ever made in my life. PLUS benefits. I never thought it was possible. I've found my dream-job, and now I live in paradise. I still owe App Academy money, since they don't charge you until you get a job (except for a deposit which is applied to your fees later). Nevertheless, I am a very happy person. The three months I spent at App Academy changed my career prospects so much more than my 4-year degree did (depressing, I know).The job prep was wonderful. I've heard nightmares about some bootcamps graduating you then throwing you to the sharks. Since App Academy wants you to pay them, they really help you get a job. Lectures, advice from successful students, mixers, job-matching, team projects... It was all very motivating.If you're willing to take the stress, DO THIS. You will be so happy that you did.Read Less",app-academy
"Become a web developer in three months with a packed curriculum, that is if you think you have what it takes.",app-academy
App Academy was a great experience. Just a little under a month after graduating I accepted an offer for a position as a backend engineer paying the advertised average salary for graduates. As far as I can tell my classmates are also having success in... Read More getting interviews and offers.Read Less,app-academy
"App Academy makes money when its graduates get good jobs, and the course reflects that. The quality of instruction isn't bad, exactly—I would rate it slightly below average. But if you are looking for one on one support, a vibrant community feel, or a... Read More thoughtful introduction to fundamentals, you will not get it there. What you will get is an extremely focused curriculum, a no-nonsense environment that motivates people who already have some natural ability, and a lot of very good advice about your job search. App Academy is changing so much and so fast that I hesitate to speak too much about its specific practices when I attended. We didn't get much immediate help with job placement. The partners they touted didn't materialize in NYC. But I got a very good job, essentially my dream job, by following their advice almost to the letter and working my ass off. The vast majority (though not all) of the people in my cohort also got good jobs. If you are smart and self motivated and you enjoy coding enough to do it on your own time before you go, App Academy will produce results.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy back in the Spring of 2014 in New York with Jonathan Tamboer as my instructor and about 20 - 25 other student in my cohort. I attended with the hopes of just learning more about software development and become proficient in a web... Read More language, such as Ruby. App Academy delivered all that and more. Both our instructor and TA were very helpful and attentive. Jonathan was very aware of how everyone was receiving the material and focused his attention where appropriate to ensure everyone was on the same page. I will say that the pace of course is not for everyone. It is intense and you can easily fall too far behind if you are not careful.I ended up deciding to immediately pursue a job as a software engineer and it didn't take long to find the perfect fit. I felt App Academy prepared me well as a junior developer and also prepared me well for the job search process. I'd recommend this course to anyone looking to learn web development.Read Less",app-academy
Really life changing. Went from working at a Starbucks to having a full stack developer job within 3 months of graduating.,app-academy
"I never thought I could learn so much in 3 months. The curriculum and staff is amazing! You learn really good coding style and best practices and will leave the program a strong enough programmer to learn whatever language or framework you want. It is... Read More a very stressful experience, not because of the constant work, but because they kick a fair number of students out of the programs for test scores. Also, I strongly recommend using erganomics as a preventative rather than a treatment, for carpel tunnel.Read Less",app-academy
"TL;DR: No exaggeration, App Academy was a life changing experience for me, and if you are willing to work hard it can be life changing for you as well.I started out with a little experience programming and the idea that I might like to do it professionally... Read More and app academy tough me the skills I needed to do just that. The application process requires you to work hard but is also highly rewarding. The prep materials they provide give you a clear path toward what you will need to learn to get accepted. I became a better programmer just by learning the material required to get accepted. The program its self is nothing short of amazing, in my opinion its the ideal model for education. Expert teachers, helpful TAs, and a well rounded and diverse group of smart and enthusiastic peers who are just as eager to learn as you are. The peer interaction is one of the best parts of the program, you can easily learn as much if not more from your peers as you will from the lectures and reading. The BEST and most unique part of app academy is the tuition model (no tuition until you find a job, at which you pay a % of your first year salary over time) . This is crucial and something you can not find in any other boot camp that I have ever come across. The fact that they do not get paid until you find a job means that your incentives are aligned with theirs. They have every reason to make the curriculum the best that it can be, and they will support and advise you until you find a job. This also means that you dont have to shell up $10K or more up front like you would with other boot camps and there is no risk if thing don't work out.I learned a tremendous amount and made a lot of friends during the program, many of which I am still in touch with today. I attended app academy in October of 2013 and I now work for groupon making 2.5x as much as I made before I was a software dev. Fellow graduates of my cohort are have jobs ranging from big name companies like Tumblr to cool start ups and all to my knowledge found jobs after finishing the program.App Academy is a sure path to a software dev job for those who enjoy programming and are willing to work hard at it.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was the only program I researched in San Francisco that did not require full payment before obtaining a job. That aligned the school's incentives with the students' incentives and is a big mental relief for a cash-strapped person. I also think... Read More it allows them to be more selective in the admissions process.I thought the curriculum was good when I attended, though it is stressful to be tested every week. Not passing could mean being asked to leave. However, most of my class finished the course, and seem to be doing well as web developers.Read Less",app-academy
"You get out of it what you put into it. a/A worked for me. I learned a boatload, had fun, built stuff, and got a great job as a full-stack software engineer at a good company, where I'm also having fun, building stuff, and learning a boatload.That said,... Read More it's NOT a panacea. I watched people struggle to get in, struggle to stay in, struggle to get jobs, and struggle to keep jobs. I also saw other people do very well. The program is far from perfect. It's growing faster than it can adapt, leading to problems:1) Instructor quality varies. There are great lecturers (some of whom have already left since my relatively recent graduation), and there are mediocre lecturers. There are also just straight bad lecturers.1a) If you rely completely on lecture to learn and understand the material, you're doomed anyways. That's not the point of a bootcamp.2) Project quality varies. Some of them were honestly mind-blowing. Like, whoa...that's how that works, holy shit, I get it-type projects. Some of them are filler (learning how to do authentication 4 times is an example of teaching to a test, which in a short curriculum, is probably not the best use of time).3) TAs are usually high-performing students. That's good, if you want to learn from people who graduated shortly before you. It's good for the ratio, but they aren't always able to help you.4) Job search curriculum makes up 3 weeks of the total 12. In some ways, it was really helpful: whiteboarding, working on projects, and dedicated application time were all helpful! Fuzzy ""you can do it!"" lectures, ghostly ""job seeker counselors"" that were frequently out and less frequently helpful (though encouraging, which is fine), and a general head-in-the-sand approach to the glut of junior (and specifically bootcamp grad) developers out there were all kinda downers, considering this was a quarter of the total course. Increasing the required application # from 100 to 200 is not a good strategy to combat a rapidly saturating market.BUT - to bring it back to where I started: it does work. You just have to be aware of the limitations of the program so you can make up for them with your personal efforts. Self-teach extensively before considering a bootcamp. Being top 50% isn't really good enough for bootcamp grads anymore (if you want to get a job quickly). Make sure you're top 5%, both in terms of your pre-bootcamp fundamentals and your approach while in the bootcamp, and you'll be insulated from most of the problems outlined above.There are more positives than problems, so I'll just list them quickly here (nobody wants to read another ""a/A changed my life!!!"" paragraph...right?):- Current curriculum materials- More good teachers than poor teachers- Office space and equipment is reliable, comfortable, pleasant- The tuition system is truly, uniquely good. They really are motivated to make you successful.- Relatively diverse (reeelllaaatively), smart, interesting cohort-mates- A relatively higher standing in the bootcamp-grad-reputation game.Read Less",app-academy
"I took the A/a 4-week bootcamp prep course at their SF location. You can get a weekly rundown via my blog posts from that experience on my blog. If you're a woman, I suggest you take that jump and get in the reads about my experiences from that position.... Read MoreAs an aside: I've gone on to Hackbright Academy and am beyond thrilled with my experiences. My foray into A/a was supportive in some unusual ways. One of those ways was to highlight many of the masculinist and patriarchal cultural values in which the tech community and the App Academy bootcamp are rooted. I was genuinely sad to see so much sexism present in their cohort. I would often arrive early and be in earshot of the full-stack bootcampers and instructors for hours. There were some dicey moments, and a few that made me want to throw my computer out of the window.Considering the prep course OR bootcamp?Here are a few highlights from my experience:It's worth taking the time and spending the money to take a prep course if you are on the fence about diving into a coding camp, or you simply want to get some support jump starting into one. I am not entirely sure I would suggest paying the A/a price if it gives you pause, but if it’s totally manageable and the support will be of assistance: go for it! In many ways I’m thankful for spending my time there.* I spent time with one of their tutors: that was extremely helpful, reviewing the problems that I struggled to break down into bite sized chunks. I recommend their services if you have the expendable cash, though it would be a LOT cheaper to find * The instructors were supportive but I think it was painfully obvious they were coders teaching, and not teachers coding. I have mostly great things to say about their individual styles to teaching. However, their structure seems a bit hap-hazard and thrown together. I would venture a guess that they have filled in most of the curriculum on the fly — and if not, I suggest they take a step back and get organized.* I know pair programming is a large part of the coding puzzle, yet this program is extremely individualized in a polarizing way. I had expected to be encouraged to work alongside one another, review code together, etc. Nada. If anything, I feel we were discouraged from doing so. I’m unsure whether this is indicative of the A/a culture, the bootcamp culture, or this particular instructor &amp; student environment…Read Less",app-academy
"It was an unbelievably intense and challenging program but I stuck with it and came out with a strong understanding of how web applications work with the big picture as well as the details. It was 3-4 months of non-stop learning (not your bullshit college... Read More lecture, which involves passively listening to an oldie recite memorized knowledge of a boring textbook but rather an engaging, practical learning that involves applying everything you learn immediately by coding... A LOT.). It was also extremely humbling being around extremely smart people (the best place to be if you want to learn a lot). I had to admit the alumni support and the partner network was underwhelming. So, I did my own thing; instead of blasting out hundreds of applications, I only sent out ~50 quality applications to the industry that I was interested in and got multiple job offers within the first 3 weeks after my cohort ended. I'm happily learning more in my current role as a software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"Great kickstart to JavaScript. Fast paced, but easy to follow. Helped tremendously while applying to bootcamps. Highly recommend!",app-academy
"I would highly recommend App Academy. If you're interested in becoming a software developer and are willing to work hard, this is the best way to do it. In just three months, I went from knowing only a little about coding to being employed as a full-time... Read More software engineer at a major Bay Area tech company. The results from App Academy wildly exceeded my expectations, and I can't wait to pursue a career in software. None of it would have been possible without App Academy. Without going into too much detail, I'd say ""believe the hype."" Right now there is a huge imbalance in the software market -- demand for software developers is massively outstripping supply, and App Academy's training will put you in position to get one of those highly coveted software jobs. If you'd like to learn more about App Academy, check out the other reviews and navigate to the App Academy website to see some of the existing students' blogs. Learning how to program at App Academy is an incredible experience, and if you're on the fence about, remember this... leaving your current career may feel risky, but if you think you'd love programming then App Academy is totally worth it.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy in the beginning of 2016. I came into the program with a hobbyist amount of knowledge of Ruby and Javascript. I knew that I needed an extra push to make the career change, and App Academy seemed like the perfect option. The reason... Read More I chose App Academy was that they were the only bootcamp that relied on YOUR success as a business model. With the deferred payment model you don't pay until you are employed. This gave me all of the faith that I needed in the program to start my journey!The coursework is very well put together, and covers an ever-changing array of technologies. They stay up to date, and are always trying to produce the most employable junior developers in the country. If you are thinking about it, just do it. You won't be disappointed.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was an amazing life experience that I encourage anyone to attend that is looking to transition into the software industry. After grinding in finance for 2 years, I was concerned that I would never gain the skills needed to join the fast growing... Read More tech industry. Enter App Academy. I attended the SF cohort in March 2016, and in roughly 3 months, they took me from a programming newbie into a software engineer able to push production level code. One month later, I landed a back end engineering position earning roughly $120K.The secret to the program's success is that the incentives are aligned. UNLIKE ANY OTHER BOOT CAMP, App Academy does not charge you tuition until you are hired. Consequently, the curriculum is extremely hands on and tailored to you gaining the knowledge to be employable. You largely avoid the trivial academic exercises found in a traditional CS program and instead focus on building skills that make you an excellent programmer for companies. PROS- No tuition fees until you start working (only a refundable security deposit is due upfront, and it is credited towards tuition payments)- Excellent lecturers and personalized support from TAs every day to help you when you are stuck on projects and offer advice to write better code- Career-driven curriculum to help learn the most important skills companies hire for- Beyond thoroughly learning web development, you understand the general concepts needed to teach yourself new languages and technologies efficientlyCONS- Intense programming camp that requires constant effort during and after class hours- Exceptional self-motivation and time management is needed to survive. You have to be willing to keep up with all assignments and tests, even while job hunting BOTTOM LINEIf you are an extremely motivated individual that needs a fresh start in technology, App Academy is your best option. It is a roller coaster of an experience but the intensity pays dividends for you when you are interviewing and on the job.Read Less",app-academy
"I was a graduate student in a humanities field, scraping by on ~15k a year to qualify for a professor position that I never really wanted and wouldn't have been prepared for. (Let alone could have gotten in the state the jobs market is in with academia).... Read MoreI heard about AppAcademy back in the beginning, paid my $3k deposit and moved to New York, and worked my ass off for 12 weeks drinking copious amounts of coffee and learning to code. From the first day of coding to the last day of negotiating my final job offer, a/A was behind me all the way (although I did have to tap into a couple other networks to get hired at a place I liked).Now I make ~120k a year doing something I'm good at. AppAcademy was and is completely brilliant for making its tuition dependent on first year's wages -- the incentives to create the right curriculum and provide the right support and totally aligned, and it really shows.Read Less",app-academy
"App Academy was an excellent and life changing experience for me. Sure there are some things that weren't perfect, but in the grand scheme of things, they are doing some really amazing stuff. But prepare to work your ass off for up to 6 months, possibly... Read More more, during the program and probably even more during the job search. It is not a golden ticket into a job, but a helpful foot in the door of the industry, and the fastest possible way to go from zero to being able to write and understand code.As far as outcome, I got a job as a Full Stack Software Engineer at $105K, and it took me about 1.5 months out of the program to land the job.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:* they taught a lot really quickly and really well -- they're the reason I'm employed now* lots of opportunities to ask for help from smart TAs* information was delivered really well in manageable chunksCons:* wasn't clear that they asked for a deposit... Read More up front* when I took the course, the backbone curriculum was a little weak (but that's probably changed)* mostly left alone during the job search period -- I think they could have been a little more supportiveRead Less",app-academy
"Summary: Worth it. You can learn this stuff on your own, but it will take much, much longer, and it will be harder to convince employers that you have the requisite skills. While App Academy (and bootcamps) are unknown to some employers, most have heard... Read More of the concept and are more willing to take a chance on you than if you have no coding-related experiences on your resume.Pros:- Instructors/curriculum: The quality of instruction was really high. The readings were up-to-date and very clearly written/easy to read. The assignments were challenging and effective at getting you to understand more thoroughly what you were introduced to via the readings. The instructor is basically the bulk of what you're paying for -- they are generally great at debugging your code and some are very good at explaining complex concepts. I think it would've taken me many more months to learn the same materials on my own by digging through resources on the internet. - Peers: You'd be surrounded by peers who are smart and passionate about tech. I definitely learned a lot by pairing with different people and picking up their good habits. It's also a network that you can hang on to after graduation.Cons:- Job assistance: This was the weakest part of the program when I attended. I think the job curriculum (how to write resumes, how to interview, build your portfolio, network, etc.) was much less structured and more under-staffed than the coding part of the program. I believe this has changed since my cohort (they hired more people and tweaked the curriculum) but I can't comment on how well that's going. There's also ongoing efforts to create a network of alumni, which I think will be the most helpful for future job applicants.Read Less",app-academy
Pros: * very focused culture * everything they say on their website is trueCons: * they didn't originally mention a down payment * they didn't mention that the last ~2 weeks is job hunting and not coding (this is more explicit now),app-academy
"About two years ago I was feeling stuck and bored in a career as a microbiologist. I had picked up programming as a hobby and found that I really enjoyed it, but I had no idea how to turn it into a job. Around that time, programming ""bootcamps"" entered... Read More my radar, seemingly presenting a viable means to make the switch. After some research, I decided a/A was the one for me, largely due to the pricing structure and an excellent review from a friend of a friend that had recently attended. Let me go off on a tangent here and rave about the pricing structure. If you're not aware, App Academy charges nothing up front (although there is a deposit). You don't pay anything until you get a job and then once you do get a job, you pay a percentage of your salary. This unique model is incredibly fair, allows someone like myself who couldn't afford other bootcamps to attend, and says a lot about what a/A offers. With this model, a/A would completely fail if what they were offering was anything less than high quality.The application process was very challenging and took a bit longer than I expected. The process includes interviews and several coding challenges but you are not penalized for the time it takes to get through it all. a/A even provides a whole bunch of rich materials that, with enough review and practice, should be sufficient enough for one to get through the challenges. This says a lot about a/A's integrity and accessibility. a/A has high acceptance standards, but if you are willing to put in the work there's a good chance you'll get in, and a/A wants to help you be successful in doing so. In fact, I didn't pass the last coding challenge, but since I was close to a solution I was given more material to go through and a second chance.a/A kicked off at full speed. I was expecting the program to be challenging and a whole lot of work, and I experienced exactly that. Days typically consisted of a ""lecture"" in the early morning led by the instructors where we went over the previous days assignments, went through demos, had a Q&amp;A etc. Then we jumped into the days assignments which would take up most of the rest of the afternoon and often the evening. Most days we pair programmed, which was much more fun (and less lonely) than my programming journey had been up until this point. Seeing others' approaches to problems was also very insightful. At night we were expected to go over the solutions to the days problems and do the reading for the following day. We had nearly weekly programming assessments that were often very difficult, primarily due to not being able to use any resources. I hated the assessments due to the stress they brought me, but they did force us to develop a deep understanding of key concepts. However, even with regular stresses and working upwards of 100 hours a week, my time at a/A was very enjoyable. The instructors were incredible resources (I wish I took more advantage of this) and I made a ton of great friends. I have no shortage of fond memories from this period of my life and I was pretty bummed to see it end.I can't recommend App Academy enough. I had a great time, the program is of the highest quality, and I couldn't be happier with the results I got. 3 months at App Academy (plus a few months in preparation) got me into a career that I'm very happy to be in and my income has doubled. How can you beat that? Also, 6 months after completion my debt to a/A was completely fulfilled. I graduated from college six years ago and I don't even want to get into how much of that student debt remains. If you're seriously interested in programming as a profession, make a/A your first consideration.Read Less",app-academy
"I had a fantastic experience with app academy. It is certainly a stressful few months, but ultimately, it was very much worth it. Not only did the program help me change careers in a very short time, I was able to land a job after a relatively short time... Read More with a good salary, working with an organization whose mission and culture match my values.I chose app academy over other bootcamps because of its tuition structure and its selectiveness, knowing that I would be surrounded by the sharpest peers and colleagues that I could learn with, and the latter was the most important reason in retrospect. My cohort was exceptional -- I had less programming experience than many of my peers, but the curriculum moves so fast that students of all backgrounds were constantly challenged and engaged. Sometimes the speed and quantity of assessments felt overwhelming, but it is necessary if you want to learn something as complex as the fundamentals of web development in such a short period of time. I'm sure everyone reading this has looked at app academy's website and read other reviews, so I won't get into the hiring stats, salaries, etc., other than to say that my cohort's experience with the job hunt certainly lived up to all of the advertising. Instead, I want to focus on something that I didn't expect before joining app academy, and that is the culture of instruction. App Academy promotes itself as a rigorous program with great stats, but doesn't necessarily advertise culture, and this made me nervous going into the program (I really liked some other bootcamps' focus on culture). I was extremely happily surprised when I joined app academy -- even if the focus on promoting a positive culture isn't part of the brand, the instructors at app academy did an incredible job fostering positive conversation, promoting inclusiveness during a stressful period, and I can see that they've continued to hire some of the brightest and most empathetic communicators from succeeding cohorts. This was hugely important, but many of the reviews that I read before joining app academy just focused on the challenge and the job hunt. The instructors are top notch developers and generally great individuals.Even though I was coming into app academy from a grad school, I was continually amazed at the pace and rigor of the learning experience. I would wholeheartedly recommend this program.Read Less",app-academy
"Looking back after 6 months at my new programming job, I'm impressed with how well the App Academy curriculum prepared me for my daily work. I highly recommend this program for an intensive transition into programming and support getting a job in the... Read More field.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:- Well thought-out curriculum- Learn best practices and fundamentals- Your incentives are lined up with App Academy's- Good job search resources, if you take advantage of them- Very good placement rate at great companies with high salariesCons: ... Read More- Job search is what you make of it - the resources are there for you, but you have to put in a lot of effort yourselfRead Less",app-academy
"The program aligns the incentives of the student and institution perfectly with it's deferred tuition payment model. The school is highly motivated to teach the student only the most useful and applicable skills for finding a job as a software engineer... Read More as they do not get paid unless the student is placed. The student is highly motivated to learn because if they fail assessments they are dismissed from the program. The result of the program structure is very strong, motivated, driven students that are truly ready to enter the job market. I highly recommend the program to anyone interested in breaking into the market as a web developer / software engineer.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:- Well-managed culture, which fostered cooperation rather than competition- Extremely supportive network, easy to get help, especially from alumni- Curriculum is constantly updated to account for new industry trends- Deferred, scaling tuition structure... Read More is extremely appealing (pay based on what you earn)- Assessment structure ensures that students don't fall behind; from my experience, while the best students across top bootcamps are comparable, App Academy's 'worst' students are far better than the 'worst' students from other boot campsCons:- Availability of resources drastically dropped in the last third of the program (""job search curriculum""); internal tools for this portion of the curriculum were surprisingly poorly designed given the nature of the boot camp- Severe limitation of TA availability at times during practical coding sessions (being improved with reorganization and increased hiring)- Drastically differing lecture quality (some were on par with my best college professors, others were absolutely useless -- fortunately in the minority)- Algorithms curriculum is disorganized and not as helpful as it could be- Assessments are too easy to perfect score, meaning the margin of error for passing is very low. Thus, students who fail seem to do so most often from dev env problems or anxiety vs. not understanding the material. Assessments should be made harder, with an easier passing score, to account for ceiling effects and to present a more accurate mean / median.Other Notes:- More effort can be done to address burnout. Due to the fast pace and challenging nature of the work, many students stop to take a breather once the pressure is off... and never start again. Not listed as a 'con' because this honestly should be the students' responsibility over App Academy, but it is an area where App Academy can make a large impact. App Academy can organize group projects, accountability groups for job seekers, etc.- Algorithms curriculum received a major upgrade around when I left; from what I can see, there is much more of a formalized structure nowRead Less",app-academy
"I graduated from App Academy in December of 2014, and definitely feel like attending was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I now work at an awesome company working on really cool problems as a full stack engineer.My background: I had taken a... Read More couple of college C.S. classes and I had a degree in analytic philosophy. I'd done codeacademy and tried a couple small projects, but I was having trouble making the leap to employment-level skills.The structure and content of the App Acadaemy curriculum is top notch. They know exactly what is useful and what is not. For example - not useful: rote memorization of code. Useful: learning how to think logically, approach problems with the intention of creating an elegant algorithm, and how to read documentation and quickly pick up new skills. That being said, the tools you learn are also really useful tools to know how to use: they focus on ruby/rails, sql/active record, and javascript/react (when I took the course, it was backbone).The quality of instruction is incredibly high, and you spend most of your time (probably 80% of the day) actually coding and working on problems. I really liked that, as I definitely learn better by doing, and most of the best learning moments were working with TA's who could explain a concept in practice after getting stuck on a specific part of a problem.After the course, they have good resources to help you apply and interview for positions. It's still a lot of work, but it's really valuable to hear what actually matters on a resume or cover letter, what interviewers are actually looking for, etc.I now work at a really cool company, working on stuff way more interesting than anywhere else I've ever worked, and getting paid like 3x more than I was at my old job. I'm using the ruby/rails and js I learned at App Academy, but I'm also using React on the front end, as well as Scala/C++ on the backend. So don't let anyone tell you that you're only qualified in the language you know.Two quick caveats: 1) This is not a place for people who want to figure out if they'll enjoy software engineering. You have to be committed and ready to work really hard from the beginning. 2) This is not a place for people who have trouble self-motivating. 80-90 hours per week is not a joke, and a lot of that is forcing yourself to work through really complicated readings and problems. After graduating, you won't be handed a job, but you'll have the skills to get a great job if you work hard and keep practicing. But if you're likely to burn out easily or need someone else to push, maybe this isn't the best place for you.tl;dr:Great program that will teach you the skills and mindset to be a software engineer anywhere if you're already motivated and willing to work for it.Read Less",app-academy
"I attended App Academy mid/late 2015 when they were in their older, market street, location.I remember getting to class around 8:30 every day and leaving around 9PM every night, and spending pretty much all of my weekends in the offices.Pros:I didn't... Read More bother trying to cook, I felt that there wasn't enough time for anything except program. so I bought food from neighboring restaurants twice a day.the curriculum generally get you ready for the assessments, which typically helps you understand what you're gonna be doing in the work force.The staff was very supportive and helpful during the expected(9 to 6) and non-expected hours. Always willing to help.Cons:After my co-hort, Three of my favorite staff members's contracts with a/A have ended(or they decided to leave, I'm not sure which). The staff who teaches/helps teach rotate per co-hort as they generally hire students after they graduate.My cohort was the largest cohort at the time. and there wasn't enough staff members to accomodate with all of the students at times. once in a while we would be waiting for someone to help us out longer than we would expect usual.They're in a newer location(in the financial district) of San Francisco. While it does look nicer and accomodates for more students.The job search curriculum was fairly new when I finished my course as well. At the time, the person in charge only had one other staff member. They've grown since.Every issue I've had with a/A has been addressed in the cohorts after me. They hired some of my classmates as new teaching staff, the cohort after ours was a little smaller(they've grown now I bet, it's been almost a year). One of my classmates was even also hired to be part of the job search curriculum. so everythings moving!Read Less",app-academy
"Pros.... you don't have to pay until you get a job is good for some people. The office is nice and centrally located. The ratio of TAs to students is good. Some of the projects are very interesting and unique to A/A (you get to create your own object... Read More relational mapper for example). They do cover data structures and algorithms which are important for interviews.Cons... Their ""money-back"" guarantee contract is actually ridiculous. You only don't have to pay tuition if you search for an entire year after the program is over and don't find a job (you aren't allowed to hold even part-time work in your previous position for that entire year).They test their students every week and kick out the students who don't perform well, so this inflates their statistics on percentage of students who find a job vs other bootcamps who don't kick out students. Plus it makes everyone way stressed out. Even so, their time to placement is way too long (after 3 months, ~50% of grads are employed), compare that to Hack Reactor's stats of 80%!). They have terrible post-graduation job support that mostly involves pushing students to bulk-spam companies. Basically, forget about picking where you want to work, just get an offer anywhere that will give you one because let's face it, we're in a coding bootcamp bubble. There are now way more bootcamp graduates than there are openings for junior-level software engineers in SF and most employers don't think A/A graduates are any better/different from Dev Bootcamp/General Assembly/Coding Dojo, etc grads. All students are required to submit 200+ applications to companies.TAs are 99% recently graduated students who did well in the course but have no work experience as software engineers or experience finding jobs in this field.Read Less",app-academy
"The course that I took before making it to every coding bootcamp I applied to was the Bootcamp Prep offered by App Academy.Going into this course I didn't do it because I wanted to raise my chances of getting into other bootcamps, I did it because I had... Read More applied to App Academy once already and with their strict no redo policy, this was a way for me to apply once again. The first time applied, I had tried to learn things on my own. My journey shortly ended after the second basic coding challenge. This sort of gives you a picture of how much coding experience I had going into the Prep course(not enough). My results after finishing the month long prep course changed a lot of things for me. Not only was I applying to other bootcamps I was getting into all of them. I got accepted into all of the bootcamps I applied to, and I applied to all of the hard ones including the notoriously competitive App Academy and Hack Reactor. The details of the course can be found on their website so I won't go into that here. The reason I say this course is all about you is because you have one month to get into the bootcamp of your dreams, put your all into it. If you're looking for a bootcamp prep course, I am assuming you already am ready to commit some 3 months of your life to flip it upside down. The same idea applies to this course, you have 1 month to make those 3 months a reality. Those 3 months bootcamps that you dreamt of, you can have your pick of the litter and make it your reality. There were three students that stood out to me in the course, myself included. One thing we had in common was that we did not have other time commitments. This does not mean you need to drop everything just yet. The course I took was part time accessible for a reason. The curriculum covered everything I was being tested on and more. As long as you grasp concepts and can write code accordingly, you will be in great shape. I assume the tests will only get harder as the years go by but I know App Academy is an adaptive school and I wouldn't be surprised if they adapt their curriculum as the times change. The ""Job Support"" is what I consider to be their application support. Coming out of this prep course you apply to bootcamps, not jobs, but I consider this to be the equivalent. It was good. There were extra materials to work on and mock interviews to be scheduled.I can't vouch for any other bootcamp prep courses. Even if the curriculum is the same, the experience could be completely different. I went to App Academy's Bootcamp Prep Course and I hit the jackpot. Things click for me. I'm not a wiz, remember I failed after the second basic coding challenge, never mind the technical interview, but after the course I killed it all.I'm confident that this course can do a lot for a lot of other people. Just give it your all because it's all about you.Read Less",app-academy
"Prior to App Academy, I have been learning coding on my own through various online resources. It was nice that I was able to go at my own pace and learn what I wanted to, but after some time, I knew that I wanted to accelerate my learning and find a position... Read More as a software engineer. Hence, after researching and reading many reviews, I applied to App Academy. After completing the technical interview with App Academy, I was accepted into the March cohort. I completed the 4 week prep work that was required prior to starting, and went in enthusiastic and ready to learn. For me, the course was a load of fun. From Monday - Friday, from 9 - 6 (with a 1 hour 15 minute lunch break and a 15 minute break), it was all about learning and coding. My personal schedule was to wake up at 6:00 AM, get to App Academy by 7:30 - 8:00 AM, and review the readings / homework assignment before class started at 9:00. After 6:00, I would look over the solution for the day's work, and prepare for the next day. I would usually go to bed by 10:30 PM, with the latest being 11:00 PM, as I believed getting enough sleep was the key to me being able to focus throughout the immense workload that App Academy entails. However, everyone in my cohort was different, so what worked for me might not have worked for someone else. Finding the balance and schedule that worked for me was key to keeping my momentum going and not get burnt out. The good news is, it was only for 3 months, so even though it was tough every day, it didn't continue for years. I did enjoy learning and coding constantly, and it was amazing how much I learned at the end of the curriculum, with a full-stack project that I am pretty damn proud of. I would actually look forward to Mondays, as it was another day to continue to grow my skill set and build cool things. The most stressful part was probably the assessments. The policy at App Academy is that you are only allowed to fail 1 out of the 6 given. If you fail two, you are released from the program. That's why it is important to keep on top of the material, and make sure you have a deep understanding of the concepts that are taught. They do provide practice assessments that closely follow the actual assessment, though they are different, so you can't just memorize the practice assessment. It is highly recommended that you take the month-long prep work that is given before the start of the main course seriously, as everything from the curriculum builds on top of it.The part I enjoyed least was the job searching process. While App Academy does provide lectures about algorithms for technical interview questions, I found it very difficult to get through the resume screening to even get a chance for a phone screen. My other classmates had more success than me though, so I might have just been an unusual case. They tell you it's a numbers game, and that you have to apply to many to get a few hits. It was tiring and demoralizing, but I eventually got through it and landed a job. I would recommend saving enough money to last you not only the 3 months of the main curriculum, but also for the job search process as well, as the amount of time it takes to find a job is uncertain. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at App Academy. You are surrounded by motivated and talented individuals, and everyone is working together to get through it. You are challenged to learn a crap load of information everyday, and you will be amazed at what you can achieve in a short amount of time. Without App Academy, I would not have been confident to even apply to software engineering jobs.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros: Paid out of salary, hence only a small upfront layout ($5k, and they're flexible if that's difficult, though it wasn't for me).Good coverage of basics of Rails; I was there before they switched to React, but the Backbone.JS we did was also solid... Read More and useful. Included a lot of useful tooling advice to get a fast setup going.Also, the algorithms minicurriculum and whiteboarding pair exercises were helpful practice for interviews, though as a former math major I did not really need either.Cons: For job search, you're pretty much totally on your own. Their network is laughably small, and the advice given was mediocre, limited and unhelpful. I've talked to the people they've hired to beef that up since, and I'm pretty sure it's gotten worse. Imagine the worst stereotype of a high school guidance counselor; they've got several, and they're all alums who couldn't find a job at all and weren't technically skilled enough to be considered for instructors of the proper curriculum.I did find a job eventually, unrelated to the 200 applications sent they recommend; I went to a few meetups, and happened to salvage a bad one by talking to someone who'd asked for job seekers and hadn't actually had anyone speak up. Then again, I was underprepared for the job and couldn't hold it.Read Less",app-academy
"AppAcademy conducted a 3 week in-depth JavaScript cohort in February to prepare students with the technical knowledge needed to be successfully enrolled at a coding bootcamp. I enrolled in their first incarnation of this course and was excited to turn... Read More my passion into tangible skills. After the first 3 days it was apparent that my skills were growing at a rate I hadn't had while I was self-teaching for months. By the end of the second week I was already confident I could pass any entrance exam or interview at a bootcamp. Then both of my instructors (Anthony and Winnie) conducted multiple mock coding interviews and helped us apply to any bootcamp(s) we were interested in. I was accepted into three bootcamps (HackReactor, AppAcademy, CodingDojo) within a month of completing this course. I decided to go with AppAcademy and without a doubt I would not be where I am today without this course.Read Less",app-academy
"I took the bootcamp prep course in NYC in April when it first launched here and it was a fun experience. Our instructor, Fred, guided us through all the fundamentals of JavaScript; we even covered some material that a good number of bootcamps don't require... Read More us to know about beforehand. Fred is as efficient as a programming instructor can be. He takes the time to answer all our questions, but, at the same time, makes sure we go through each lecture fast enough so that we have time to work on the assignments ourselves. While we're working on our assignments, he comes around and checks on our progress, and helps those who are struggling or have questions. Bootcamp prep classes are 2 hours a day, Monday to Friday for a month. That means that you can do it while working. I wasn't, but several of my classmates, at the time, were. You should be aware, however, that to do well in it, you're going to need to dedicate another hour or two to it. I spent an average of 4-5 hours a day on it, completing assignments and reading the lecture notes beforehand.Other things that might be of particular interest: (1) You're free to use either Windows, OSX, or Linux. (I used Windows.) However, FYI most coding bootcamps require a Mac for their full stack web development courses. (2) You might be wondering, why does the prep course teach JavaScript? That's because most bootcamps let (or require) you to interview in JavaScript. (3) The course has an online discussion forum, set up via a website called Piazza. Since the course itself runs in parallel with the bootcamp prep courses in other areas, you can ask for help from other bootcamp prep instructors and students from across the nation. (The course was only set up in SF and NY when I took it, but it now seems like more locations have opened.) (4) If you're taking this course to get into App Academy's full stack web development course, you get to skip the pre-challenge and move straight to a 45-min technical interview.Overall, the bootcamp prep course is a big investment, but it will increase your chances of getting in a top bootcamp. I worked through the practice exercises for the technical interview for App Academy's full stack web development course, and I believe that I was able to solve all of them due to the fact that I had acquired the logical thinking required through constant coding at Bootcamp Prep. Reading about how to program is one thing, but doing it is another. The bootcamp prep course will give you the practice you need to begin thinking like a programmer.Read Less",app-academy
"Word of caution -- I came in already knowing the basics of html, css, ruby, and rails. I also got a job 3 weeks after finishing, first in my cohort. These are not typical stats -- usually about half of a cohort has an offer after three months. But the... Read More course material is on point, and if you put your head down and grind for three months, you will get into the software industry, and App Academy will give you the tools to do so.Read Less",app-academy
"In a matter of months, I learned more than I had ever learned before, made a complete career change, and met some of my closest friends. I was hired about two months after the program ended, and the company I now work for has since made offers to two... Read More more App Academy graduates. App Academy does a great job of not just teaching you how to build web apps, but teaching a bunch of really important best practices, and understanding how to write high quality code. It also does a pretty good job of preparing you for the job search and salary negotiation process, which would be extremely valuable even without any of the technical training.Read Less",app-academy
"The facts--I attended the June 2014 cohort. The rest of this review is specific to my experience. The program is constantly changing and will be different today. Curriculum in RoR and js/Backbone (they now teach React instead)Large time investment. Class... Read More is 9-6pm, with additional homework. Classtime is structured with a short morning lecture and going over the work from the day before (1hr - 3hr). The rest of the day is pair programming on the topics covered, typically with a complete product at the end of the day. Eg, tic tac toe, chess, a chat app that communicates over websockets. Pair programming is overseen by TAs and instructors. (I think it was 1 TA/instructor per 7 students in my time)Week 9 ends with the completion of a web app of your design. Week 10-12 covers the job search, doing interviews, improving your code, etc. Pros--Provided structure and guidance that I couldn't have gotten otherwise. 'Don't pay until you get a job' was the only way that I could afford a bootcamp (without credit card debt). Actually makes you code instead of just teaching you code.Pair programming is great to see different coding styles, to learn how to explain your code, and to disseminate best practices.Made a lot of good friends/network. All of my current roommates are a/a grads.Cons--There is a $3k deposit, so not totally free.I benefitted a lot from being able to live in the office. This is no longer an option. Large initial time investment if you're starting from scratch. I had never coded before starting the application process. It took ~a month of self teaching on nights and weekends before I had the background to complete the application. Other--LOTS of work. There are assessments. You will be kicked out if you consistently perform poorly. ~10% of my cohort was kicked out.Read Less",app-academy
"I received my first job offer one week after sending out my first resume, and by the time graduation day rolled around 3 weeks later, I had 6 offers in hand. After I was hired, my team went on to hire two more App Academy graduates and several of my coworkers... Read More have reached out to me for advice on App Academy and have referred their friends and family to the program. The program is not easy and there is always more to learn, there was definitely a lot of caffeine and many long nights, but the payoff for me has been huge. The course teaches you the fundamentals of coding, how to tackle large projects, how to write clean code, and how to interview– a very different skill than how to work as a engineer. I've since spent a lot of time on hiring committees and I'm amazed at the average level of preparedness compared to the prep I received going through App Academy. At the end of the day, the job search and contract negotiation advice I received at App Academy is one of the most valuable things I took from the program. Completing App Academy opened up a lot of doors for me that would be closed to me otherwise and I have zero regrets about going through the program.Read Less",app-academy
"Pros:Curriculum is well designed at of the appropriate depth and paceFun projects to drive concepts home and learn more deeplyCons:Instructors are often more concerned with chatting among themselves than helping studentsSince the curriculum is constantly... Read More evolving, many exercises are described poorly leading to confusion among studentsJob placement help is almost non-existent. Many text resources available with general advice, but few connections to actual employers. A basic resume format is suggested and a half-assed resume review is given to each student. Contrast to Hack Reactor where the students resumes were very polished and even included a mini-portfolio. At our hiring day there were maybe 4 companies present. Again contrast that with the Hack Reactor hiring day I went to to try and recruit students for my current job where there were over a dozen employers actively recruiting.Student to teacher ratio is 8-10 to one, but at any given time at least one of the teachers is extremely new or is checked out because they're actively trying to find work elsewhere, or they're busy chatting about bullshit together.On the whole the program is a good fit for people who don't have the discipline to work through these tutorials and exercises in a timely fashion on their own.Read Less",app-academy
"This is a response to AlanS. I took the course back in July 2013 (looks like this is the second review coming from this cohort) and as far as I'm aware, my classmates and I all received our deposits back at the end of the course as agreed upon. If you... Read More don't mind me asking, have you personally taken the course? I had an great experience at AA - I learned more in just the first month than I had on my own in a year, and I had no prior programming experience other than dabbling with online tutorials. I can confidently say that attending AA has changed my life. And I can't speak for the present, but during my class, the two lead instructors were not former students.In response to your claim that they hire on the majority of the graduates to boost placement - I can attest that this is untrue. In my cohort, the top performing student was offered a teaching assistant position, while everyone else (including myself) participated in the standard job search. I graduated in the bottom half of my class, but I did land a job I was happy with after a 2-month search. Granted, it was not an easy process, and there were many rejections along the way, but what do you expect?Not trying to be confrontational here, but from your post it sounds like you have not done your research. This program has done a lot for me personally so I feel obligated to get the facts out. I am happy to share more details about my experience; if anyone is interested just send me a message.Read Less",app-academy
"I'm very happy I decided to attend AA. It's not perfect, but it does have lots going for it in comparison to other dev bootcamps.I think programming camps share many similar attributes - for instance, almost all of them learn in pairs, teach Rails, have... Read More very experienced programmers teaching, etc. I'll focus comments on what I differs from the norm in AA. Most of these differences are observed second-hand, through interviewing candidates from other bootcamps for the place I work now.ProsAA spends time developing algorithmic thinking. We started off barely knowing enough Ruby to run nested for loops to solve 'Fizz Buzz'. In the next 5 days we implemented a lot of things like binary search and quick sort. At the end of the first week, we built Tic Tac Toe allowing human players to play through the terminal against an unbeatable AI in 8 hours (that was nuts!). A few weeks later we took 5 days to learn all the same things in Javascript. Many of the junior programmers I've interviewed from other camps knew a lot of ways to do things with Rails, but didn't know how to script well enough in plain old Ruby/JS.AA taught object-oriented and social programming. Our code was constantly evaluated for object-oriented thinking, clarity in choice of variable and function names, and accessibility to other programmers. Really handy now when I'm working with 6 other engineers!AA taught away the magic. AA's instructors taught this super well - nothing is magical. In the course we did things like rebuild Active Record through meta programming, recreate the basics of Backbone.js using plain Javascript, implement our own sessions/login before using Devise/Sorcery, read server logs to detect and get rid of N+1 queries, and other things that dig deeper into frameworks that many take for granted.They know what companies are looking for. I was fortunate enough to get 5 offers in 4 weeks of searching after AA. They really prepared me for the job search.ConsAA's curriculum covers less overall material. I think the course was a little too light on coverage of CSS. We also didn't cover some classic Rails patterns, like making forms work through AJAX with Rails' forms using remote: true ( we did cover how to AJAXify through plain old JS, obviously). Finally, I wish we had spent more time learning to code through TDD. It's a tradeoff for focusing more deeply.AA is extremely fast-paced. You have to work hard to keep up. Definitely reminded me of 'drinking from the firehose' in my MIT days. Your brain will hurt a lot. You will stress over keeping up and doing the homework after coding for 10 hours straight. But, in the end, it's all worth it.Don't hesitate in contacting them. Kush and Ned are super nice :)Read Less",app-academy
"This is a personal story. I graduated from the July 13' cohort. I was attracted to AA (App Academy)because I liked their pay later model. If they were willing to bet on me than I felt comfortable betting on them. I was able to find a job within two months... Read More of graduation and I'm still working there now (I'm loving it!). The bet paid off.AA was the most intense experience I've ever had. I came in with limited RoR/JS knowledge and I learned a ton over the course of the program. I personally liked the fact that several students had more experience than I did. Although at times discouraging, it ultimately motivated me to push hard; I was determined to not fall behind. It blew my mind that by the end of the ninth week I could build a web-app front-to-back. For real.Not everyone makes it though. I've personally been told there have been scenarios where students were refunded their deposit in unfortunate scenarios. Ned and the staff give more attention to the people who seem to need it. It's pretty clear they want everyone to succeed, it seems genuine too, regardless of their financial incentives.It amazes me how after the program I am able to have high-bandwidth conversations with experienced engineers. Although we learned Rails, I'm currently writing a web-app for work in Flask (Python micro-framework). Picking it up was chill because I understood fundamental web and MVC concepts. More importantly, I learned ""how to learn."" The skills you gain from AA go beyond Rails/JS, you gain a skill-set to become a real programmer.AA was an experience I will never forget. I worked my ass off, met a lot of motivated people, and got my dream job working as a professional programmer. Best luck to anyone considering the program or going through it right now -- just remember to get enough sleep!Read Less",app-academy
