"Review","school"
"General Assembly created a very easy-to-follow workflow for the classes. It was a very 'hands-on' approach, where we could put into practice all we learned. A very good comprehensive course, yet easy to follow. The instructors were phenomenal! Since they... Read More are real professionals working with the topics on a daily basis, they could give us a real insight into the professional day-by-day scenarios and examples. They were always available for that extra support as well. I'm really pleased with this course!Read Less",general-assembly
I initially started the course in order to become a more competitive Frontend Web Developer. The class was well structured and provided great resources for me to review and practice React. The class was pretty fast-paced because there's a lot to cover... Read More but the instructor did a great job in focusing on the things that were essential to learning a strong React foundation.Read Less,general-assembly
"My front end web development course with Esin, and Hou Chia was great. It was very interactive and easy to follow the lessons, the homework and study ratio was great. I enjoyed learning new things with new people and over zoom and slack. I didn’t have... Read More any negative experiences in this class, it was all positive. That is the main reason I am returning to General Assembly to take another course. The Admissions team is very attentive and responds to all your questions very quickly as well.Read Less",general-assembly
"They clearly don't know how to work during the pandemic (I very much hope that they didn't operate like this before Covid...).I went to an open evening in November 2019. They absolutely sold it to me then- dedicated tutors who were 'veterans' in the industry,... Read More a curriculum which reflects trends in the tech industry as well as money back if you don't land a job. ALL OF WHICH ARE LIES.Teachers seem to get annoyed when students asked too many questions or were challenging. But would often say 'please ask me questions so you can make the most out of your money'. During one full week project, the teachers wouldn't even come on zoom calls to help us debug our code and told us off again for not asking for help. The last module - Python, Django and PostgreSQL should be omitted from the programme as it only reflects how well students can copy and paste code to fulfil a project with a backend in a different language. They clearly only do this to bulk out their technologies and languages taught during the course. The teacher barely even knew Python and was googling most the answers. Some students were even correcting them. Otherwise, surely they should get a data science instructor to each us fundamentals in Python. General Assembly's excuse to that is by week 10 there's no shame in googling for the answer as that's also industry standard. And I completely agree, but at £9,000 you would expect the tutor to be knowledgable in that language.Another massive joke is that we had to deploy two of our big projects by ourselves with absolute MINIMAL help. After the course finished Herkou was no longer supporting the backend to one of our projects. We've not heard from the instructor how to redeploy. This proves that once you've finished there's no support. How can they charge £9000 and not help with the most inciting thing - deployed projects.I was fed lies when I reached out to a higher up to voice my dissatisfaction, and the person always turned the conversation around to ask how they could help support me. Their answer was because I was apparently one of the top students, they thought I was doing ok, but to make me feel better and gain more support I would have 1-1 with the lead instructor to help me improve. This meeting never happened.They make you jump through so many hoops to become 'job seeker ready' by then a lot of people drop out so aren't accounted in their outcomes statistics. You're pretty much on your own when it comes to the job search, and nowhere in the contract does it clearly state after x amount of days you can ask for your money back.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended General Assembly's UXDI program remotely and overall it was a great program. However, a lot of opportunities will be missed through remote versus in person. Of course COVID is unavoidable and GA wanted to ensure everyone's safety, but the same... Read More offerings were promised as in person. Not necessarily! A lot of the networking opportunities weren't possible or incorporated as well as getting panelists from experts in the field. I met a lot of amazing people and learned so much and grew immensely since the start. It's a lot of hard work but I don't regret coming to GA. If you need to have that hands on experience, especially because it's UX design, consider waiting for restrictions to be lifted for in person classes. Or go to a different school for much cheaper!Read Less",general-assembly
"Graduated from General Assembly Software Engineering curriculum which isn't on 12 weeks but 9.Why? Because you have 3 x 1 project week where the interaction with GA educational team is nearly none existant.Their curruciculum covers the basics but do not... Read More go in depth.They are promoting their affiliation with the Adecco Group which does not provide any job nor operational support, whatsoever.General Assembly Outcomes program is completely useless - you will be on your own when it comes to your job searches.This program will simply help you design a Resume and explain the same information over and over again: waste of time and obselete.The overall experience isn't worth such investment, at all.I sincerly regret going with them.Read Less",general-assembly
"I wish I could give it 1 star. This is a bit over due. But I signed up for GA classes last year around the same time , to be more specific UX/UI classes. I went through great depths to take a loan out through them hoping these classes are going to build... Read More my future. To be more specific I have already gotten my bachelor prior to these classes and I signed up for UX/UI courses. The course was so so terrible and the instructors were horrible. The theoretical parts of the class did not cover any of the necessary information you need to succeed in the course nor this field. The technical part of the class was taught so miserably by instructors that couldn't open up the software tool (Sketch) and one of the instructor assistance deleted my project that I worked on for weeks. I stayed in the class for couple weeks hoping I would gain some sort of skill and be able to land a decent job, but that hope was quickly let down when the instructors repeatedly set our salary exceptions extremely down. I was told that I should expect the maximum salary of 70k which is insanely low. Long story short, I dropped out and only was able to get very little refund for my money. I dedicated a full month teaching everything to myself online through, youtube, Udemy, and books and other sources and I was able to land a job shortly after with a salary twice as promised by these unqualified instructors. So, STAY AWAY. DON'T GO UNDER DEBT. you will be able to find a job even without the disgraceful certificate of GA.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have mostly good things to say about General Assembly with the caveat that you have to know what you are getting into before you know you will benefit from the course. Which can be difficult to do if you don't know what you don't know. As you'd expect... Read More from a 3 month course teaching complicated subjects like Single Page Applications and Computer Science topics, it moves at an extremely fast pace. And if you don't have a passion to keep up, you likely won't keep up and the course probably isn't for you. If you get excited when you refresh the server and the code you didn't know would work or not looks amazing, then this course will definitely fill in gaps quickly. The instructors were all helpful. Each of them in their own way and certain students seemed to gravitate towards one type of instruction over another, but everyone was motivated to help me learn and get what I wanted from the program. The curriculum itself felt very flexible and like it was being updated frequently. As far as job support I don't have much to compare it against, but I've been happy so far.Read Less",general-assembly
This course was amazing. It was a great way to meet current product managers and hear from their insights into the role. I was the least experienced person in my cohort but it was definitely an advantage to learn from so many people who are industry experts.... Read MoreRead Less,general-assembly
This program is definitely not for novices. It moves VERY fast and will definitely take additional hours of review. It did not prepare me for a career transition. It should be more like 6 months for students to really be comfortable with the material,general-assembly
"You still learn some things along the way of bootcamp, but don’t get an understanding of deeper concepts. Once you get to interview, you bump. Interview preparation is not covered at all. Job search support is a joke, they might mention referrals and... Read More will only give it to a few students (With a computer science background, for example). Of course, you can cover the gaps and learn yourself, but it takes time and gets expensive. The projects you built are never get reviewed, and it’s very hard to get support (not enough instructors). The lab times during the course are not supported by instructors, they just leave 4-5 students in the breakout room for hours, then if you say something, they say:  “You, guys need to problem-solve”, and a lot of times instructors don’t know the answers. Instructors seem overworked by the school (they are intelligent, hard-working professionals who caught up in the bad working environment and lack of training by the General Assembly). Very frustrating experience. If any questions you ask, the first thing you hear is google and come back in a day to us. So overall this intensive is overpriced and not well structured. They are not putting the students first. I would call this bootcamp is a money-making machine. Sadly, that’s the world we are living in.Read Less",general-assembly
"The best parts of this class were the instructors and classmates. Because of COVID I took this class online, but I would have preferred to have taken this class in person but that was obviously not possible. The instructors though did a really good job... Read More of keeping us engaged and motivated while still being in an online setting. In terms of the content, I would have like this class to have been longer and covered some areas in depth more. Specifically the SQL and Tableau parts could have been longer to learn more about these tools. This is a good introductory class, but still hard and requires a good amount of studying and dedication after hours to practice and learn the content.Read Less",general-assembly
"You learn a lot. The instructors are awesome and want you to succeed, but with only 12 weeks, 4 of which are devoted to just working on projects, they have to blast you with a fire hose of information. Upon graduating, I realized there was actually quite... Read More a bit that we simply didn't have time to really cover like data structures and algorithms. Yes, you will learn to develop software and write code, but the fundamentals of software engineering and computer science aren't covered because there simply isn't enough time.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA has a system and it gives reasoning as to why they are one of the biggest bootcamp companies across the world. They provide you with an aggressive but worthy program that will set you up for success. I cannot rage enough about the experience I had... Read More through my time in the Software Engineering Immersive Program. It was the toughest program I've done but one thing I can say for certain is I've never gone into a program and come out with so much knowledge and ability. The professors and TA's here area amazing as well, they give you a reason to walk away, they empower you to keep going and that's what made the biggest difference for me. A bootcamp isn't for everyone but if you're up for the challenge then GA is the place to go.Read Less",general-assembly
"The Data Analyst Remote course was great for me. I had no prior experience with the tools we went over during the course. The course content consisted of Excel, SQL and Tableau. The flow of the class was great. First the instructor presented what each... Read More tool could do. Then we started with the basics, next we did practice in break out groups and then we were given the opportunity to practice. The teacher team was always available to help us. We were groomed to the point of presenting solutions to real life business questions that an employers would ask you to look into as a Data Analyst.Read Less",general-assembly
"Don't get me wrong, I learned A LOT, but $15,500 is so much money. I'm not sure if it was worth it because I don't have a job yet.  I know I could have taught myself all of the curriculum, but to be honest, that would be difficult and take me much longer... Read More than the 12 week program.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros are that the instructors are great and very supportive (everyone in my cohort was also very supportive towards each other), there are so many helpful resources, and it's taught in such a way that really helps you learn the material. I don't necessarily... Read More have any cons other than that it is a bit overwhelming, but hey, I enjoy the challenge.Read Less",general-assembly
"Wow, it is really the best academy with full of humble staff members and best instructors who teaches in way you can understand ,who encourages you through out the program.Now I am confident thanks to GA I can do anything in SE field. -you do project... Read More almost everyday - you present it -you do team projects everyday  -you got help from instructors through out the week All in all i just want to say thanks to GA and God Bless to all instructors, i will definitely recommend to my community.Read Less",general-assembly
"Earlier this year I decided to make a career transition from architecture to UX/UI design and General Assembly quickly became my number one choice for education, and that was a really great decision. I enrolled in the UX Design Immersive course at GA,... Read More a 12 week deep dive into the UX process and I was blown away by how much I learned. We learned about the entire UX process from a high level in the first week and immediately began implementing our new knowledge and building upon it with practical projects that mirrored real life UX work. In total we worked on the entire UX process 5 times in 12 weeks, producing amazing portfolio pieces. We worked in teams to build our communication and collaboration skills and the opportunities at GA allowed us to work with real clients for our final project. This was such a valuable opportunity and its one that, to my knowledge, is unique to GA. Not only did I learn a lot of hard skills that are valuable, but I also learned a lot soft skills and was given tons of support in the job seeking process. GA's outcomes program is rigorous but incredibly supportive. Just a week after graduating from UXDI I have been given way more support in my career development than in the four years that I was in college. All in all, General Assembly runs an incredible educational platform, and their passion for supporting their students make a meaningful switch into a new career is obvious. Give General Assembly a chance and you won't be disappointed.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'll keep this short and simple. The program is hard. The saying ""You get what you put into it"" rings true in every way. You'll need to understand that the majority of your time in the program and even after class will be dedicated to learning. I would... Read More recommend taking free courses that cover the material found in the curriculum before start to give yourself a head start. You're given an assessment to take before hand, but keep in mind that this is meant to gauge whether or not you'll be a good fit for the program and while you may pass, there's a chance you aren't entirely ready. My one complain about the program is that it's directed at anyone despite their familiarity with programming. The instructors do an amazing job, but anyone learning from scratch is going to have a hard time. To sum it up, I would wholeheartedly recommend GA SEI to anyone who wants to learn programming, but brace yourself for a pretty wild ride.Read Less",general-assembly
"This program is perfect for someone looking to go into web design. You will learn how to use Figma and Photoshop, along with other design programs. You will explore color theory, font, typography, interactive states, design layout, and so much more. Brockett,... Read More the instructor, creates and inclusive and supportive environment. She was so understanding and flexible. The students in the class were all like-minded individuals who inspired me with their own work and constructive criticism. I was a teacher who wanted to get into a different career. By taking this class I believe I will finally be able to make that switch.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended the GA Software Engineering Immersive bootcamp during the pandemic so it was completely virtual. Even with it being virtual, I had such an amazing experience! It is very intense, but any time I was really struggling, a staff member was actively... Read More reaching out to me, helping get back on my feet, and making sure I was moving forward! I am so grateful for the GA staff as well as my amazing cohort!Read Less",general-assembly
"I think overall the experience I had at General Assembly was okay. I think the instructor was inviting and knowledgeable and the material was up to date. My only problem, as I'm sure many others might feel, is that there's this appearance that they will... Read More help you get a job once you complete the course. I believe many people go in and take this course, hoping for help and they don't get it. I think they should avoid implying that their courses will get you a new role and keep it as honest as possible. If you lost a job and worked hard to pay for this, only to find out that it wont really help them get connected, it's disappointing.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course felt like it breezed by at times but if you take the time to review the material and seek out help along with their available resources, then you will succeed. Overall, you learn the fundamentals then move on to some of the heartier and recent... Read More frameworks and languages such as React, MongoDB and Express. You learn how to use the command line interface to help with connecting local and remote repositories. Very useful and fun at times.Read Less",general-assembly
"I knew that I wanted to take a UX Design program and after doing a lot of research, it turned out that General Assembly was the best program on the market. I spoke with students who had taken the course prior and they all had great things to say about... Read More it. I took the full-time program in D.C. and my instructors were very intelligent. We worked with real-clients to solve actual problems with their websites. I was able to refine my research and strategy skills, while also building up my UX and visual design skills. I recommend this program for anyone trying to break into the Design field that has a background in sales/marketing/etc. just like me! I was able to land a job right out of the program, but the team works with you for as long as you need if you don't find something a job during the course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended their immersive a few months ago and I would discourage everyone from attending this school at any of their locations. Why? The course material is very mediocre and covers only basic development tools; it is mainly because they accept anyone... Read More without any prior screening. So students who are really serious and motivated about being a coder have to work at slow pace with outdated material. The teacher to student ratio is bad too like sometimes there will only be two teachers left to handle a group of 25-30 students and that’s why teachers leave mid way because of added burden. The career guidance and confidence building is practically nil and so many students leave GA feeling less capable of being a coder. What I have felt there is that they are not very industry focused coz they don’t know much about the job market. Their service agreement is not up to the mark too and even if you somehow end up getting a job, it will be a part time work with less than average pay. Moreover, there is no training or support as to how to approach companies or handle real time programming challenges. Nothing is explained in a proper manner and group assignments are a joke too, they promise so many things when you join like they will get you a job, make you successful etc but I was jobless for 5 months after completing their course (which I badly wanted to leave in between but still somehow finished due to some of my batch mates who became good friends) You know what’s worse? You pay a huge amount to become a coder but here they just teach you how to copy and paste and not how to think like a programmer. This was the most unprofessional place I have ever seen because teachers were never helpful and never helped anyone solve real problems. My honest opinion? If you are planning to join General Assembly, don’t! You would just waste your money. Instead, invest in a place that focuses on overall student development and train them well to become successful even if that place charges a little much.Read Less",general-assembly
"I was nervous starting a class I had no knowledge of to begin with. After the first class, I felt comfortable because the instructors were approachable, friendly and I knew that if I needed their help, they'd be there. And they were! I'm a slow learner... Read More so each class was VERY fast paced and sometimes very hard to keep up with. But I understood the concepts. It was putting them into practice that made it a challenge. But with practice, I started to feel more confident. It helped that each class was recorded so that I could go back and re-watch the class. I was able to understand it better the 2nd time around sometimes. Carlos (the instructor) was very patient, kind and super encouraging with my final project. I definitely learned alot from Day 1 and now have knowledge on how to build a functioning website from the ground up!Read Less",general-assembly
"The pros are that the instructors provided us with slides of lectures explaining certain concepts of UX so we can look back on them if we need clarification. I can also message the instructors at a moments notice if I need to ask questions on certain... Read More topics discussed that I need more understanding. The cons are that since it was distant learning, there were instances where recording was disrupted for several minutes and therefore miss certain topics.Read Less",general-assembly
"Going into the bootcamp from a remote environment, I had the mindset that it would be both overwhelming and difficult to make friends. While the remote experience was a little strange at first, it became very comfortable as the class continued on. The... Read More classes were run well with little to no technical difficulties, and I found it easy to create a regimen around the class that helped me balance the classwork with life in general. Yes, at times it was stressful, but there are a number of resources available (including your soon to be classmates/friends) that will help you progress. Taking breaks and doing things outside of coding is a big part of bouncing back. Since many projects were group projects, it was easy to get to know some folks in my class right away! My cohort was fairly large and consisted of many outgoing characters who I began to cherish the more I worked with them. GA is one of the most rewarding experiences I've had in my life and I hope that anyone who is interested in a boot camp strongly considers GA for their experience as well.Read Less",general-assembly
"I enjoyed the online course at General Assembly. It was a wonderful learning experience, where I have learned a lot of data analytics skills. I feel this is a valuable course and allows me to grasp how data analytics can be. I certainly have much more... Read More to learn in this field and look forward to doing so.Read Less",general-assembly
"Before taking this course you will need to take into consideration your motivation towards taking a digital course regarding product management, if your motivation is towards a career change or improve your knowledge in your current role I will hardly... Read More recommend it! As far as content, time value, networking and overall experience is a great choice! I have the feeling to have an immediate ROI once I finished the course. If I have to mention any cons I will say that I’ve missed a little part of the technical side of the role; however, this is a very grey area in this role as you don’t really need technical knowledge to be a good PM but good listening and tech communication!Read Less",general-assembly
"This review comes from during the Coronavirus time. So everything was shift to remote lectures via Zoom. Pros: - The content covered during the course has a really wide breath to it which allowed someone new like myself to get a taste of a lot of aspects... Read More of Data Science- Focusing only on Python and not between Python and R was a good choice for GA. It allowed us to specialize in one aspect rather than being average at bothCons: - Instructor should not have been allowed to teach: audible signs during every lecture when asked questions, to repeat something or progressing during a long lecture- Little to no feedback on projects. If projects were completed, even if it's ""correct"" providing feedback such as ""this was good code"" or ""you could improve this process by doing X, Y and Z would have been great but none of that occurred. - They put someone to instruct a Data Science course who has never taught before nor did they ever have to explain concepts before to someone. He just had work experience in Data Science and a master's in computer science. Just because you know it does not mean you can teach it. -Instructor was not prepared to teach online, not at all. -Unable to understand instructor -Hesitant to ask questions for all of the aforementioned issues. Would receive aid in either the flat out answer which is really not helpful or attempts at explaining it again but unable to properly break down concepts into a more digestible manner. -Self teaching is very big during a bootcamp and I understand that. But it would not be to the point that I would have to watch another 1-2 hour lecture on YouTube of someone explain the EXACT same thing to me again. The 480 hours of work for this course, at least for me ended up being probably 700 because of this. Not pros or cons but just really disappointing: - Required to pay full price for the course even though it was all online, no guest speakers(Unless you miss lecture to attend. If you miss 3 days, you are removed from the course. So either be removed or be left behind for missing a lecture) and no networking events. Still full price. Honest opinion: If you want the certificate saying you did, $14,000 is a lot but it's what you'll get. Other avenues such as self teaching or other bootcamps such as Lighthouse or Metis would be far better.Read Less",general-assembly
"The data science program I took at GA is very good in quality with a technically well-equipped instructor in research and education. At the end of this program, I can confidently tackle several data science issues as well as the tools needed to solve... Read More complex problems.Read Less",general-assembly
""" Do you think it's worth it?"" my answer to this question is "" I feel like I am a UX designer now lol""pro:instructors are supportive and funnycareer coach covers everything from resume, Linkedin, interview and negotiationpeople in the bootcamp are motivated... Read More because we paid a lot lolcon:no access to classroom, but I got more sleepno access to cakes at graduation meeting, but I got to watch my drama with ice cream right awayno access to whiteboard challenge, but we practice it virtually togetherRead Less",general-assembly
"The course was great overall, instructor was very good and helpful. Learned a lot. However it's been months now and no one in our bootcamp has received a certificate of completion even when we have asked several times. Beware, once the course is completed... Read More don't expect any evidence of actually completing it :(Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: - I took the online course and did not feel like I missed anything from the classroom experience - Great course material! Detailed without being overwhelming. - Great Classroom environment! Taking a live course with other engaged students in similar... Read More yet divers situations to your own is invaluable. I learned so much from the problems, questions, and experiences of other students. - Build in Network! I now feel like I have a built in network via my cohort of people to collaborate , and share experiences with as we enter the job market. Cons: - Can be difficult to create those more personal connections online, but not impossible. I still managed to come out of it with people I would call friends even though we have only interacted online. - Instruction quality, while overall quite good, was a little mixed. While material was almost always solid, some instructors where far better than others in lecture delivery. Overall, however, all the instructors where engaged and invested in our success.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros - The GA community is wonderful. You get it done in 3 months. You have a good base to jump off of when it comes to coding languages. Cons - You don't dive into each language as deeply as I'd like to. It's incredibly overwhelming. I personally really... Read More regret not taking the 6 month part time course because it would have given me more time to dive into each language more. In this course, you had no time to really add any supplemental learning. I don't feel confident in my abilities at allRead Less",general-assembly
"I took General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive course, did extremely well and was super confident in my results. Now 4 months and hundreds of applications later, I haven't so much as had an interview. Don't waste your time it won't get you a... Read More job.Read Less",general-assembly
"Such a fun and interactive way to learn Front-End Web Development. The instructors were passionate about the course and gave so much great feedback. They really went above and beyond by offering advanced study, career support, and so much help. The curriculum... Read More was amazing - so much hands-on practice inside and outside of class. I now feel confident in my abilities to create dynamic and responsive websites.Read Less",general-assembly
"pros: - gives you enough to feel comfortable building anythingcons: - fluffs around on basic stuff for like 4 weeks, so if you are already comfortable programming for say data or maths, or other , then you will feel like you have a lot of wasted time... Read More at the startRead Less",general-assembly
"I was torn between the General Assembly Software Engineering Immersive and Lambda school when I was looking at bootcamp options. One of the things that really made the difference for me was knowing that the General Assembly's outcomes program got great... Read More results when it came to helping bootcamp graduates find new employment after all the coursework was over.I come from a background where I had some experience in web development, but I knew I'd need to shore up some of my weaker points to be a more competitive candidate when looking at new jobs. General Assembly did an amazing job preparing me to work remotely, learn new technologies at an aggressive pace, and understand more comprehensively the work and art of software engineering - I'd absolutely recommend this bootcamp for anyone - for people who've never written a line of code, up to junior developers looking to kickstart their experience and get up to speed with modern technology stacks quickly!Moreover, the outcomes program is a wonderful resource, and they will empower you to take charge of your job search and find the role that's perfect for you.Read Less",general-assembly
"Expensive program -- didn't learn much and wasn't really able to apply concepts forward into my job. Curriculum is good, but delivery leaves a lot to be desired. It either needs to be extended over a longer time period, etc., find better instructors,... Read More find better ways to instruct the content, etc. Was all in all pretty disappointed.Read Less",general-assembly
"Everything written into the SEI program curriculum on their website was covered during the program. Pros: - Super nice community, very accommodating, very centered on student wellbeing - organized. Class schedule always updated, easily go back to lessons... Read More from previous days. All classes recorded for later review as well. - huge alumni network and hiring partners - lots of group work to practice pair programming and team collaboration Cons - sometimes possibly too surface level with lessons, but this course is intended to be suitable for super beginners so I understand - “outcomes” Portion of the program could be more robust in the first 3 or 4 weeks. I felt the lessons weren’t as useful for adults who had been in the workforce for 5 years or moreRead Less",general-assembly
After being in the product management seat for 5 years without any proper training this course really opened my eyes on what I could be doing with my role. Shortly after the course I started to network and got a new position that would fully let me use... Read More my new founded knowledge to my full potential.Read Less,general-assembly
"During the peak of COVID, I was unceremoniously let go from my employer of an IT consulting company (5 years). In a specialized, utility-type, team player role, I knew I required some formal background training in UX/UI in order to have future employers... Read More take me seriously. I immediately enrolled in the first available GA UXD course as a part time student. I was excited my first week, learning and connecting the dots from my previous employer's activities, to the classes' research and design steps. For me it was extremely helpful already being exposed in the field already, so I got to see how things played out in a real scenario. It was almost like reading a book, backwards. My instructors, Mark &amp; Nikki were knowledgeable and and always available for questions and comments. Mark has a great teaching style, injecting his current experience and humor into all classes. I believe they did a great job of pivoting to the unanticipated online course version learning (versus in-class), on the fly due to the COVID restrictions.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course was very interesting and with the right amount of depth for someone with some experience but looking to formalize his skills.My course was completely online due to covid 19 global pandemic.All classes started on time and lasted around 2h.Dave... Read More and Pam (my instructors) were super helpful throughout the course and were extremely capable in transmitting their knowledge, tip and tricks to us.I had to do a mid term presentation and a final presentation (week 5 and week 10). I didn't get a mark but i the instructors judged the content of the work and presentations using some categories and giving a pass/fail, plus a comment for each category and an overall comment at the end.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course allows you to have clear practical and challenging teaching experience in how to use machine learning. In addition, the instructors are super competent and committed and share their professional background experience in the field.If there would... Read More be any point of improvement, would be related to the technologies used, since the instructors are mostly proficient in using Mac instead of Windows, making ""extra-homework"" to resolve some of the quirks - but is not something major.Overall, the course for the duration is super complete, with relevant materials relevant academically and professionally wise.Read Less",general-assembly
The course from start to finish was interacting and full of challenges. With the support from both instructors - which felt more like friends by the end of the course. The course content is engaging and always reinforcing both new and previously covered... Read More techniques/information during lessons and outside with the use of optional homework. The course finishes with a final project of your choosing (again optional) that you can show off and also use towards your own portfolio. I would highly recommend this course if you are looking to get into front end developing as it is a great stepping stone towards getting into the sector!Read Less,general-assembly
"I did a part time 10 week Data Science Course with GA. You do need to have basic understanding of python (pandas, numpy and matplotlib) and algebra in order to keep up with the course syllabus. The course is fast paced and you would get to learn supervised... Read More machine learning algorithms and by the end of should be able to use those algorithms to predict data. I didn't know algebra well enough and that bit of the course was hard for me, but at the end, my project was on stock prediction using LSTM (model that we didn't go over in the class but did touch on a similar model called ARIMA). The teachers are approachable and do help out with advice and suggestions. They do work as Data Scientists so they would tell you what is important to know and what isn't. In short, if you want to do this course brush on your python and algebra, do the prep work that they send and be prepared to spend some time on weekends reading up on things and doing the homework and additional tasks. By the end of the course you should have enough knowledge to start as junior data scientists.Read Less",general-assembly
"I completed a UX course in 2019, and I wouldn't recommend GA UX immersive to anyone unless you just have free time and extra cash to spend. I'm writing this review for someone like I used to be, so they do not repeat my mistake.I'm not coming from a design... Read More background but I do have a college degree, customer experience, sales, and marketing experience for over 5 years. What I liked: some teachers were interesting and smart, I enjoyed their personalities. WeWork space and free coffee perks. And this is about it. I would love to say I liked my fellow students, but because we were competition most of them were cold, selfish, and aggressive.While I'm grateful to my teachers for what they were able to expose me to, I have to be honest by leaving this review. If I had read an honest review I would have never taken the boot camp.The structure of the learning material is horrible. It is mostly presented in small slides with jokes that are articles you can find yourself online and lots of games, ""exercises"". Please spare yourself money and time and play with people by attending meetups. They barely teach you any tools you will need to become a UX designer but throw it on you and you have to ""figure it out yourself"". Practically no help.Too many students. I complained about it from the start when I was promised 15-18 people at max and ended up with 25. Imagine how impersonal it was. And while I appreciate the teaching strategy to listen to everyone who has questions, 25 students asking questions (and some of them are ""that personality"" of asking every dumb question they can think of) took most of the time out of the day. Coffee breaks every 1-2 hours that will take sometimes up to 30 mins means your day is basically a 4-5 hour-day. Let me say it this way, I spent money and quit my job to learn, not to enjoy coffee breaks. While I would love it as a kid at elementary school, as an adult that was unacceptable on how much ""free time"" we were given.Out of a 10-week course, the last 3 weeks are team projects, that I consider unfair, again, to pay money so I can have zero teachings but work on my own. That could have been after boot camp is over. Not enough knowledge to swim by only having 7 weeks to learn the profession.Career coach. While I enjoyed the personality of my career coach and think she is great, 15 mins each time just wasn't enough. Yes, 15 mins are all you get. The first 5 mins remind her about who you are and what you are trying to achieve and the 10 mins left are just a joke. We only had 2 coaches, not enough.No opportunities or assistance provided. Took me 7 months to get my job, and I never had even 1 interview opportunity from GA. All the mixers, career fairs, etc. have barely any employers that are hiring. It's a joke really, so many alumni and no job opportunities whatsoever. Same as their online job hunting channel - there are barely any jobs posted, only spam and sometimes they just copy links from LinkedIn that are visible for anyone.They will tell you to ""Network"" - their favorite word because they know you can't get a job with your skills because you barely have any. Honestly, I was embarrassed after a couple of meetups with real professionals tired of ""vulture"" boot campers trying to have a coffee date with them to get a job. This is pathetic. No one will ""give"" you a job unless it's your friend or family.Too expensive. For so many students in the same room, you can hire a personal tutor that will give you much more knowledge. Think about it! They don't teach you anything about the latest technologies that you can't find online. When I graduated and I continued learning on my own for 7 months and I finally got my first paid project. I realized that I was not taught anything that is very important nowadays like responsive design, ADA compliance, how to work with developers, and technical tools that are vital to successfully performing a job.Portfolio. Yes, they promise you will have 3 projects in your portfolio that will help you to find a job. Guess what - 25 students will have almost the same portfolio and will be at the same time on the market along with at least half the students from the previous class hunting with the same techniques. You will look like another newbie for recruiters and now there are too many of them. Also, they don't help you with portfolio, they only show you other people's portfolios and you will only have 1 project when you graduate, so everything else will happen after. Finally, I got my job, because 7 months I spent learning, reading books, practicing tools. Submitting 250 applications didn't do anything. I got my job because I learned and tried a different approach, which was not networking. Save your money for rent and food while you will be self-teaching instead of paying a company that produces the same graduates over and over so they can make money. You're already considering changing career, you're already strong enough to do it, you don't need to get stuck with a loan like I did and realize what a mistake GA was.Read Less",general-assembly
"Loved the course and the instructor. What i learned during the course will really help dress up my skill set. Introduced me to things i wasnt aware existed. Would suggest the course to anyone looking to expand their skillset. Was full of great, new coding... Read More and offered insight and alternatives for practice etc.Read Less",general-assembly
"Joana was a fantastic instructor! If you are a novice to code, data and visualisation then you are without a doubt in safe hands. Joana was great at teaching complex concepts in a clear and concise way and got you coding from day 1! Help is there when... Read More you need it, you meet some great people and have the freedom to explore your own interests to roll into your own personal data project. General Assembly did not have to compromise on quality by teaching the course remotely. Ellen from the bookings team gave great professional advice on any queries I had and is so friendly! Overall, I was blown away by how incredible the learning experience was at General Assembly! I am already looking to book my next course!Read Less",general-assembly
"After doing thorough research on the options available to take my data analytics skill-set to the next level I came across the General Assembly Data Analytics course. Choosing it was an easy decision as the material it covered would take someone from... Read More having little understanding of structured Data Analysis to being an every Data Analyst. The part-time course was held over 5 weeks which was just enough time to cover all the material without interfering with my usual daily job. The material itself consist of a structured Data Analytics framework that helps to make any data analysis robust and hypothesis driven. From mastering data wrangling via Microsoft Excel, to database analysis using SQL, to finally being able the create data visualisation via the excellent Tableau software, the course covered enough to leave me confident that I could provide advanced hypothesis driven analytics in my current job. Overall, I would happily recommend this course to anyone looking to put structure behind their Data Analysis and take it to the next level. You wouldn't be making the wrong decision.Read Less",general-assembly
"After being told about the Digital Marketing course through a friend, I decided to enrol myself in the course with the idea of helping to boost our family businesses online presence. It's a full-time course crammed into five days, and it was a lot of... Read More information. However, it was delivered in an engaging manner and in an order that made sense. Our Trainers Steve and Catherine were excellent! Really conscientious and you can tell they genuinely care about their students. Overall, I'd happily recommend this course to anybody looking to learn more about the digital marketing space.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the UX bootcamp after many months of applying for new jobs and getting nowhere. One key skill I was missing was specific software training. I began to look into coding and web engineering. By chance, I met up with a friend and learned that she... Read More just graduated the GA UXDI program. After hearing her story I knew that could be for me. The next day I emailed one of the admissions counselor (Moira - who was very friendly and extremely helpful) and got on her calendar to start the conversation. That same week I went in for a formal interview, worked on an at home project and was accepted. And I will tell you after a long season of rejection this was exactly the encouragement I needed. After some advice from Moira and my friend I decided to do the Catalyst program (a pay after you get a job plan). So my class started about three weeks before the actual course. The pre-course work was a good starting point. It really got me excited for the course. From day one we were designing and learning software. It was fast paced but I always felt I had the tools to succeed. The instructors (Nick and Gayla) had so much experience and teach in a way that is extremely practical. The class is set up in 5 projects that build on each other. So you can really see you own growth. The final project is with a real client and that experience is probably the most valuable part. As part of the course you also have an outcomes program to help get you a job after. Kimberly was the best. Her insights and feedback were exactly what I needed to be able to move forward after the class. I graduated with a strong portfolio of work, a design resume, interview skills, a beefed up LinkedIn profile, client experience and the tools to continue creating.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the 10 week, part-time Product Management course in Washington, DC. I enjoyed the course content and engagement from the instructor and the themes and content provided within the course. I would say a huge positive for this course is that it creates... Read More the space for students to develop a mindset shift towards a more Agile, objective oriented lifestyle without the true mental burden that may exist with other courses. It gives students foundational information on Product Management that is easy to digest even if you come from a non-technical. The content provided is a baseline for any future avenues or career opportunities in product management with topics such as product ideation, market research, setting objectives, understanding feature development and prioritization, etc. One piece of constructive advice is that you really need to put in additional effort and take action to get the most out of the course simply by the fact that it is a part-time, 10 week course. There isn't as much structure (if any) to the networking component of this course, so I would encourage anyone taking the course, especially those looking to make a transition to product management or gain more experience in the professional realm, to put in the effort to network with classmates, attend office hours with the instructor, collaborate and share product ideas and thoughts often, and continue to read about the product management domain outside of the course in order to bolster the experience.Read Less",general-assembly
If you are naturally a tech forward person this is for you. The classes are mature and move quickly. You’ll need to practice on your own time between classes. If you are employed in the food industry and need to enhance your natural analytical skillset... Read More the Data Analytics course is for you. I recommend the 10 week program if you are full-time employed. The skills taught are industry standard and are now in high demand in the food tech sphere.Read Less,general-assembly
"The program did a great job introducing the field of data science, and instructing about the best practices and common methods involved in machine learning. The instructor was very knowledgable and patient with the class during lessons, and went above... Read More and beyond to make sure that students grasped the materials.Read Less",general-assembly
"I did the front end web development course and this really accelerated my learning. You are usually presented with some slides to explain the concept and then dive right in with code alongs, splitting into groups to code together. It is great because... Read More everyone helps each other and you learn to review and look for issues in code. This is something that you don't get with self learning. You build a lot of sites and get projects to complete for marking. Feedback is always helpful with ways to fix things and the instructor was very good. I had to decide on $199 per month with treehouse or around $4.5k with GA. I paid way more and I really don't regret it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I enrolled in the immersive software engineering to attend on campus. When social distancing became the new way of life, we seamlessly transition into an online platform. I enjoyed the course. It is intense but totally worth it. I strongly recommend General... Read More Assembly to anyone looking to join the tech world. They have a great support team, and the instructors were amazing.Read Less",general-assembly
"Have recently completed the SEI course here in Melbourne and thoroughly enjoyed how relevant it was. Have gained a lot more confidence in applying software development paradigms used in Javascript and Ruby and therefore feel that these can also be applied... Read More to other languages. The past 12 weeks covered other technologies such as node.js, React, HTML/CSS, Sinatra, Express, Web APIs, SQL etc and is therefore a well rounded course.Read Less",general-assembly
The course is very engaging with excellent tutors and thorough content. The pace is fast so I'd recommend putting other work commitments firmly on hold for the duration. Content is updated continually to reflect current practices in the world of UX. Highly... Read More recommended.Read Less,general-assembly
"I have a 20-year old degree in electrical engineering and joined General Assembly's Software Engineering Intensive to facilitate a career change from commercial banking operations into software development.Our class focused on the following technologies:... Read MoreJavaScriptNode.jsExpressReactjsRuby on RailsMongoDBPostgresqlWe learned the basics of github and typically deployed our projects to Heroku.Full disclosure, I was a Java developer earlier in my career so the first six weeks or so felt like review for me. Pros - Students get a very strong foundation in JavaScript and React. The Outcomes portion (job search prep and career counseling) huge plus for teaching this old dog new tricks of the job search market. Instructional team was very strong. Lots of experience and they fostered a very collaborative learning environment.Cons - I think more user experience / design practice would be beneficial.Students should be prepared to keep up with the workload. Weekly homework assignments that vary in complexity plus projects will stress your time.Students should also be prepared to supplement class work with some independent research on topics where they want to deep dive.(React Hooks, Redux, SCCS and the like were touched upon during class but we needed more reading to really implement it properly.)Read Less",general-assembly
"Pro -The instructor was amazing at teaching and making sure you were understanding of the concepts.You WILL gain the skills to further your career in the field that you're being taught.I would recommend this to anyone who can meet the time and life requirements... Read More necessary.You will have a lot of great support in the career coaching department as well, my outcomes support has been top notch.Con - It is a very big time commitment and requires a lot of work and dedication. It's not for everyone, that being said anyone who does commit to this just needs to read the pros.Read Less",general-assembly
"I can't recommend the GA Product Management course highly enough - it really was worth the effort, time and money. It is quite a commitment while you're working full time, but it's doable. I learned a ton of stuff that I couldn't have anywhere else, and... Read More it was a great group of people. Very glad I did it.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:- Starts with a good introduction (brushes up on python and into pandas. Moves onto very advanced topics by the end (time series, NN, NLP etc)- Become proficient in Python, SQL, Tableu AWS and others.- Excellent teachers and helpers. Also a great... Read More class - very easily made friends.- Fully supported on your projects and afterwards with the job search.Cons:- Wish more time was spent on deep learning and using Tensorflow.- Had to goo virtual due to Corona Virus (worked well but it was a shame not being with all your course everyday).Read Less",general-assembly
"In 6 short weeks, I gained knowledge of the backbones of modern digital marketing, with plenty of tools to dive deeper. With access to the classes and a portfolio under my belt, I feel confident I can start a new career trajectory. The instructors will... Read More remain available for questions which is wonderful!Read Less",general-assembly
I did not have any negative feedback to provide about my time with General Assembly! Even during the Covid-19 going on they were very accommodating by providing online classes through zoom! The content moved at a very reasonable pace and covered a wide... Read More range of subjects.Read Less,general-assembly
"1. aggressive sales team with limited follow up during program2. big gap between admission assignment &amp; first few weeks of program...prep material is light for program unless you have programming background coming into program3. course material is relevant... Read More and good quality...second half of program, modules improve &amp; get real interesting4. guest speakers are alumni or typically junior folks in DS field. served as time to catch up on other things given heavy course load. limited value5. global instructors are solid, but one of them is very high on himself &amp; rather annoying6. local instructor was somewhat checked out &amp; provided limited assistance...didn't seem like he ever taught professional or in academic environment...one ends up resorting to YouTube &amp; google...some lessons towards last third of course very helpful but communication skills lacked...gave up using help....TAs more of a gesture than what you are use to finding at a graduate school program (20 mins sessions? really!)5. careers support is extremely weak. basically non-existent. fails to effectively leverage alumni, career coach is informed but lacks rolodex, career events are like a scene out of The Office. 6. better off going to a program with better alumni network, or tuition rebate/refund guarantee if no job placement7. networking events around town are useful 8. compensation in city is lower than bigger tech hubs...tradeoff for quality of life9. program/instructors do weak job of bringing together a framework for understanding the data science ecosphere &amp; opportunities for students to explore &amp; expand skills to prosper in sector over timeRead Less",general-assembly
I came into this program with very little knowledge of the User Experience Design field. I was extremely happy with the outcome of the course. The instructors were very forth coming in their knowledge and extremely helpful. I'm glad I took a chance to... Read More learn something new and I'm looking forward to applying my new skills in the workforce.Read Less,general-assembly
"The instructor was a great and fun guy, always willing to help students with questions. He was a professional in the course’s field and was always open to explaining how the concepts he taught applied to work. The course was supposed to be in person twice... Read More a week but had to switch to remote because of COVID 19, even so the instructor performed exceptionally even with changing circumstancesRead Less",general-assembly
"incredibly steep learning curve, great studying environment and amazing instructors! I took this course after getting a BSc in Finance and I was able to follow all the topics with no major difficulty, however I do believe that a minimal knowledge of maths... Read More and stats makes things a lot easier. The course is extremely well structured (which I think is what most online courses lack) and it covers a wide range of topics. The students have very different backgrounds and ages.Read Less",general-assembly
"When I started, General Assembly was a program with great marketing and the promises of being able to start in on a new career immediately after the program. However, this did not turn out to be the case for most of the class. The managed expectations... Read More they gave us were adjusted throughout the 12-week program from “You’re going to be ready for the field” to “You get what you put in” to “We don’t teach you everything you need to know. We teach you how to learn for any new situation you are in.” Near the end of the program, they actually encouraged us to use templates for our portfolio sites instead of building them ourselves. It felt just a bit like it was a time of transition for the company and that they were doing damage control for complaints previous students had made.Pros:1. Great cohort/classmates2. Some great outcomes people, but this will really depend on your luck of the draw - who happens to be there when you are.3. You dip your toes into a lot of languages and technologiesCons:1. The teaching techniques are only as good as your teachers. Most don’t have previous experience as teachers and might just be good at web dev, so it’s really up to you to be in touch with what works for you as the class goes on. This can be a bit discouraging but knowing in advance can help you adjust and seek out the resources you might be missing. Knowing how to articulate your questions will go a long way (though of course this is easier said than done).2. This ultimately is a company with profit as their main priority, which manifested as time went on - vaguely speaking, they opted to solve problems by making the noise of students' problems/complaints go away rather than actually addressing the root issues. Someone I met at a programming meetup after the program gave me a great insight: other programs (such as the one he did in Colorado) are non-profits and that motivation is reflected in their approach and methodology. Make sure to look into your program in with these things in mind. 3. Though you learn a lot of programming languages, the depth of knowledge through the ""Jack of All Trades"" approach is not great and very unlikely to be deep enough to secure a position straight after completing the program. The program originally did Ruby on Rails for 12 weeks, which is a much more solid foundation in a language. Results at the end of the program: A few of my classmates had jobs lined up with companies they secured through the program’s outcomes team. This was inspiring, but many of those jobs did not have close to the salary advertised in the marketing materials (which of course have many asterisks). In my case, it took much longer to finally land a position. I worked at several temp agency assignments before having some luck and finding a position that was a great fit. Some of my classmates moved to HR or UX positions with startups if they couldn’t land a role in development. I learned later that many of those roles were secured not based on their new portfolios, but instead on previous experience at startups. This was a bit discouraging as it undercut the repeated selling point the program’s marketing had. Timing plays a big role, and so does your network. Bottom line: the students who become the stars of the class already had some years of experience under their belt, and it showed me that advancing quickly is greatly influenced by previous experience with the skills we were learning to impress people and use the program as a springboard to their first position after the program. My advice is to take the time to develop a solid foundation of development on your own before jumping into one of these programs to see if you develop an interest enough to spur you on. It will make all the difference in the long run.Read Less",general-assembly
Great programme! High quality students who are there to apply Data Science to real life business problems. The teaching staff are excellent and attentive. This an ideal programme for eager learners and those who want to explore the newest data science... Read More developments.Read Less,general-assembly
"Having little to no experience in Digital Marketing, this course really set me up in the right direction to take the leap into this career path. The pace is fast easy to keep up with and the final project is something that I can now pitch to my boss and... Read More future employers to showcase my talents. Overall a great experience from the instructors to my classmates. GA is monumental part of a game changing decision in my career choice and has led me to success!Read Less",general-assembly
"I came into the program with very little knowledge, just some minor understanding of JS fundamentals. I came out of GA feeling ready to continue my learning and get into the field. I'm by no means in depth of my knowledge, but am able to produce projects,... Read More read code, use the many tools required for a dev environment, and learn how to expand my understanding. I have a lot to learn, but now I have the confidence to get out there and dive into the information. We started in-person, but due to the quarantine had to move remote. I'm so happy we did. I respect all the staff and other students who transitioned over to remote and continued to proved a top notch education.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:• Pre-recorded content was superb, well thought out and organized. • Homework assignments were well thought out and organized. Quite demanding for an intensive! • Cohort of students was fantastic and diverse.• Like the offer a full remote course... Read More with live, in-person lectures and group activities!• Got a nice portfolio piece out of the experience• Great foundational grounding to leverage as I take the skills to the next levelCons:• Homework wasn't graded and given feedback on in a timely fashion despite turning in assignments on time. For an intensive course, this was odd and made it harder to make changes mid-stream• Live lectures went to fast and too scattered with some slides covered too rapidly to fully digest the material.• Group activities could use more structure to be more beneficial.Read Less",general-assembly
"I loved it so much, I was honestly sad to graduate. General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive Remote program absolutely exceeded my expectations. My instructors were fantastic! All very knowledgeable, super nice and supportive! I was worried that... Read More I would be missing out on the ""social"" aspect of a classroom setting by taking the remote class, but that was not the case at all. We all became friends early on and have solidified those friendships since. And it was such a wonderfully diverse group living all over the world. I really just can't say enough about the program.Read Less",general-assembly
"If you're looking for a well-rounded full-stack bootcamp, I'd absolutely recommend GA SEI. Environment is super welcoming and staff are very friendly, and the instructors (that I had) were amazing. The course is dense as I'm sure all bootcamps are, but... Read More if you can handle it you'll come out with fairly comprehensive full-stack knowledge and the tools to go in pretty much any direction in the software development field.Read Less",general-assembly
I was new to US and was informed by one of my school friend about GA's programs. I joined and found the program to be stepping stone in my career. It helped me to increase my knowledge in my field. The instructor was very friendly and helpful. I sought... Read More lot of guidance from her.Read Less,general-assembly
Curriculum is well tested and covers the breadth of what's needed to get a foot into the data industry. Highly experienced remote lead instructor was very solid on content delivery. But expectations were for local assistant instructors were unclear. We... Read More received virtually no individual feedback on projects and support with direction questions was highly variable. It's a great course if you want the content and are happy to manage your own learning (which will continue to be the most useful skill you have in continuing to a new career!).Read Less,general-assembly
"I enrolled in the Data Analytics part-time course at General Assembly's Boston location. The instructor and TA were incredibly approachable, and the enrollment process was seamless. One qualm I had was the instructor could have had better public speaking... Read More skills; the instructor spoke very softly and did not seem confident at times in the subject matter. The TA did a better job, in my opinion, of presenting the information. The GA platform was also very easy to use, and I was able to access my coursework/projects with no issues. I also enjoyed having a Slack group to communicate with the instructor/TA and peers. This came in very handy when we were working on group projects.Read Less",general-assembly
"I can't overstate how my life has changed since this course. Because I did this course at GA, I have my first full-time job with benefits and a salary that others have had to spend years in other industries to attain. It is challenging and its pace is... Read More breakneck, but they genuinely want their students to succeed and will provide the resources to help you get through it and be successful. I would have loved its instruction to be more in depth on a number of subjects, notably the computer science portions of the curriculum. It's also worth noting that what you actually get out of the course instruction is pretty dependent on having good instructors, and their instructors do vary. But still, I am so thankful I am where I am now, and I wouldn't be here without GA.Read Less",general-assembly
"I decided to enrol in UX Design at GA, at the Singapore campus, to try something new in my career. I've successfully made a career switch and I enjoy my everyday work. The great part about GA is the curriculum learnt is applicable to what I am doing now,... Read More and the connections I've made are long lasting. A lot of the connections have turned into friends and we exchange knowledge and opportunities regularly. Also a huge credit goes to our course instructor who have helped enlightened a bunch of newcomers, us. I think you should enrol in the course if you are serious in making a career transition and you are willing to put in the hard work of doing up your design portfolio, job search etc. GA has a career coach who will try their best to answer any queries but don't expect them to help you land a job because ultimately you should be the one who knows what kind of roles / companies suit you. :) But there is a Meet &amp; Greet after you've graduated for companies to meet you, similar to a graduation show. At the end of the day, this is a great starting point!Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: Gives you a big picture of what the world of web development is about, starting from HTML, CSS, JavaScript, followed by Node.js, then Ruby on Rails, and lastly, React.js. 4 different projects for each unit.Cons: Less of computer science material... Read More taughtRead Less",general-assembly
"The course content is really relevant and is presented in a very simple and yet informative manner. It's easy to see your progress and course outline in the student dashboard. And the sharing of class assets really helps in making it feel as a real classroom.... Read More The only downside was it was difficult to get support from teachers as in my particular course they were in international locations, which meant either late nights or early mornings to get immediate support. In all i'd recommend this school if you're looking at doing an online course.Read Less",general-assembly
"Frequently in my job search I found it difficult and at times frustrating that I was unable to get interviews because of my lack of experience. I believed that I would be great in a data science/technical role, but lacked some of the more technical training... Read More to support that idea. General Assembly's Data Science Immersive (DSI) is straightforward in its goals; teach practical skills that are relevant to day-to-day projects, provide guided opportunities to perfect a project portfolio, and offer job guidance to graduates.The decision to enter into any technical bootcamp program isn't one to be taken lightly, especially one of the 12-week immersive programs. I finally decided on GA because of the quality of portfolio projects I saw as a result of the program and the breadth of topics covered. The program is a lot of work and not for everyone. That said, local and global instructors offer great support and you will never feel left behind if you begin to struggle. I firmly believe that anyone can be successful in this program if they so choose.The job support following the program is good. They do a fantastic job during the program priming you to think about the jobs you want and what projects would be look best on applications. I applied for a job during the last week of the class and within a month and a half I had a job offer to work with an amazing analytics company.TLDR: The program is best for hard workers with an interest in the subject. Help is always available if you need it. This was the best thing I could have ever done for my professional career.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly's SEI course really does prepare you to become a web developer. Not only do they teach you the material very well, but they also prepare you for the interviews. All while you have a local mentor to guide you through everything. I did... Read More not think that I would learn as much as I did within the 12 weeks. I would REALLY recommend anyone that wants to become a web dev to take this course. I am even planning on taking more of General Assembly's courses in the future.Read Less",general-assembly
"Course &amp; curriculum was really good. You can learn a lot but you won’t get a job if you finish course. You need to have experience working in the industry which you won’t. I was told 95% alumni get recruited in 6 months after finishing course. I didn’t... Read More thought I would be in the 5%. I took out a loan and haven’t started paying it back. It’s a lot of mental pressure thinking that a loan is still there and a job is not there for you. At the end I thought maybe I should’ve signed up for an online course for a few thousand bucks. Ultimately I won’t join here if I’m a fresher or have no experience. Course content, instructors and environment is really good.Zero job support. Career outcomes producers wants you to apply 10 jobs a week even though you don’t find any you need to satisfy that requirement. Otherwise you would disqualified for an outcomes program which gives you no job support. See they want you to make yourselves feel bad because of not finding jobs to all apply.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took a visual design intensive course GA-Des6 and it was exactly what I needed. It was paced well and the workload was appropriate, especially for anyone that was also working during the day or those with families to care for. The course was team taught... Read More and having different perspectives was really relevant and welcomed. We had a guest speakers as well. I left with useful skills and assets that I could add to my tool kit and portfolio. GA came highly recommended by a family member and we’re both big fans of GA. They’re organized, on point, responsive and provide a great environment to learn as well as expand your professional network. It’s a perfect place to update and acquire relevant professional skills, both hard and soft skills. The course helped us progress our careers.Read Less",general-assembly
"My time with General Assembly was brief yet very rewarding. I came across GA because I was always interested in learning how to code. I had recently done a spontaneous move to Chicago from Texas and a close friend of mine recommended me to check out GA's... Read More web development program.Hesitant at first, I went ahead and checked out General Assembly's website and what they had to offer. I immediately signed up for the front end web development boot-camp course. I was greeted with bright young minds and a wonderful instructor. I don't remember the gentleman's name I think his name was Matt but I remember his GitHub username...It was ""poopsplat"". He was very down to earth and his lessons were very straight forward and easy to follow. Matt recommended that we use a Macbook but I was only able to afford a simple windows laptop. Even so, Matt always made sure that I was on the same page with the class and did whatever he could to help me get set up on my windows computer so I can be sure to follow along with the rest of the class.Long story short. I entered General Assembly not knowing how to write a single line of code and completed the program with an infinite amount of confidence within the field... its been about 5 years and I am now a Full Stack Web Developer that specializes in React.JSThank you so much General Assembly.- Mario B.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA made me go from someone with less idea about coding to a fast learning developer. The instructors were great. They challenged me everyday to learn. Thats the best way to learn how to code, by challenging yourself. Most of GA taught me how to learn... Read More to code and 90% of what I know is self taught. I landed on the tip of the iceberg after my cohort.Read Less",general-assembly
"Last year I completed the UX Bootcamp. I have a background in Graphic Design, but I have been out of the loop for a while. I was brand new to UX and found the course overwhelming. I don't recommend it for those that are new to UX and those that are not... Read More as familiar. If you're already doing UX and want to add to your skills, then yes, take the course. Or if you're trying to see if you'd like UX and can afford it, then great!It is a lot of information in a short period. I did not feel supported enough from the instructor and/or their assistant because they were either very busy or the time difference was an issue (+8hrs). Also, I did not feel the material was as organized as it could be.I am also currently taking a UI Immersive elsewhere where we dabble a bit in UX, and honestly, I feel like I'm getting more out of the UX in this UI program compared to the UX Bootcamp. The only advantage of the Bootcamp is that you interact with others live. It may be for you and maybe not. It was a good experience but a stressful one. I'm currently better off in my UI Immersive that is a longer program, more supportive, and better in general.Read Less",general-assembly
"The best of this courses is getting in a little amount of time the enough knowledge for understand an apply today best practices in UX. Sometimes is difficult the experience with the tutor in the weekly video call, cause this people is busy and some..... Read More not all, are in kind of a hurry.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly was a great way to get your foot in the door in the UX world. I felt as though my class was extremely close and supportive. The environment itself was awesome, fast-paced, and innovative. However, be prepared to be job searching for a... Read More long time afterwards. It is rare that my classmates have landed a job--even 4 months after the program. This is partly due to COVID-19, as well as some employers not understanding the value of GA education. I felt as though there could have been more emphasis on UI, networking, and creating case studies. The career coaching is awesome as well but you really have to be a self-starter and cannot rely on anyone to do the hard work for you. Most of my classmates have landed either internships or short term contract work--but every start is a good start! Overall, it was a really good experience and a really great way to meet other people wanting to get into UX.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pro's: very high-level, basic topics on all data science intro, a lot of material to digestCon's: not much in-depth learning, generic job search trainings shaped for people who've never had any professional positions, non-existent meaningful job search... Read More support. At the end of the day even the people who were severely struggling with the material and were light years behind got graduated. GA's certificate looks lame and is eventually a ""confirmation of attendance"". In fact, people who found jobs quickly are the ones who did it through their existing connections - there's no such thing as practical job search help from GA, just some psycho workshops.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: - Kind, helpful staff that puts students first- Qualified instructors- Financial Support optionsCons:- GA's marketing implies doesn't do enough to convey to students the amount of work required. This program is vast and intensive, if more student's... Read More were aware of what they were getting themselves into, we would have more student success.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the Product Management bootcamp in spring of 2019 at General Assembly's San Francisco campus. The course was comprehensive and the instructor was knowledgeable. I enjoyed being able to learn what I applied in class to a project that I completed... Read More and presented at the end of the course. Additionally, the GA SF campus facilities were incredible and the staff was very friendly.Read Less",general-assembly
Everyone should use General Assembly. There are so many courses that work within my busy work schedule and that I'm able to accomplish at my own pace. The instructors are so patient and knowledgeable and really cater their programs to fit all styles of... Read More learning.Read Less,general-assembly
"This course is a waste of 15k. They make it pretty clear that they only care about the money. I was struggling with the program as I had never done programming before and was ignored by the lead instructor when I reached out for help. When I went to the... Read More head of the DC program she was very condescending and told me to just get through the program (so I couldn’t get a partial refund for the course). You will be better off teaching yourself and hiring a private tutor, you will save thousands of dollars. For our final project where we showcase our work to potential employers, there were maybe four very small companies there for 20 students and none of them were hiring at the time. It was an absolute joke. It took the top two students in my class a year to get a programming job! Not the three months they claim and their Outcomes support after the program is a joke, you just do Zoom meetings where you talk about the jobs aren’t getting and a lot of making lists about yourself. Final warning, if you don’t have experience programming do not do this course expecting to find a programming job in a reasonable amount of time. You will have to do so much more outside of the program it’s impossible to justify paying 15k. Also when I did the program I had to pay up front, it wasn’t contingent on finding employment like other programs.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course I took spanned a full project from start to finish, beginning with ideation and ending with user testing and iterative design. I thought the process was fun, and had a lot of open ends to be creative while still being directional and gradable.... Read More That being said, I think it may have been a little too broad. It was difficult to concept and manifest an entire project in the time allotted for the course, and forced me to cut corners or rush through certain steps in order to stay on track. I wasn't necessarily happy with my final product, and could have benefitted from either more time or being allowed to do just half of a project (concept - strategy - wireframe without user testing, or concept/strategy given, and wireframe/test/re-design). In the real world we have far more time to noodle on ideas and come up with solutions that don't just solve the problem, but solve it elegantly. Overall, though, I understand that this is a limitation of any UX course, and ultimately the skills, lessons, and methods I picked up in this course tremendously accelerated my career. I went from a junior digital strategist to mid-level UX designer in less than a year with this course!Read Less",general-assembly
I took the 10 week online digital marketing course to learn more about digital marketing and ways to leverage it at my company. This course gave me a great overview on how to use digital marketing and best practices. I highly recommend it for those who... Read More did not study marketing and are looking for ways to enhance their knowledge on digital marketing.Read Less,general-assembly
"I really enjoyed this remote course. Our instructor, Stina is absolutely fab and helped make the sessions engaging and meaningful. I learned a lot and also loved the fact that you combine theory with hands on projects. Also, now my final project is part... Read More of my portfolio. Really recommend it!Read Less",general-assembly
"I took a couple courses online and the process was a first for me but obviously not for GA. From start to finish they made everything super simple allowing my full attention to remain on the course content. Their staff is well qualified with many of them... Read More working in the field they teach. That gives us, the student, a valuable realt-time insight into the world we wish to enter.Read Less",general-assembly
"The teachers at General Assembly are so empathetic and responsive to their students' needs they consistently design and re-design their course in an agile, adaptive way. In this way, it seems like the teachers model, through their own behavior, the ideology... Read More behind the iterative design process. Therefore, much like language immersion, the student has as much to benefit from simply being in the process. I feel like I learned almost as much from watching them as I did from the course.Read Less",general-assembly
If you are like me. Who tried college and just seemed unfitting. You are at the right place. I like to get to the point. Learn what I have to and go. Not only do you get field professionals. You get genuine people who want you to succeed. I have learned... Read More so much in 10 weeks. I also saved money too. Besides spending 60k on a degree that takes 4 years. Yeah carry on with that. As a former Marine. I don't like to waste time. I also like that mentorship that I got with GA. If you want to grow or focus on increasing your skills. This is the placeRead Less,general-assembly
"This course was incredibly relevant, tactical and applicable to anyone who is working on marketing or wants to learn how to become a marketer. GA was a great platform. I loved this course, I highly recommend it! The instructors were really personable,... Read More patient and made the content palatable.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have almost 10 years of full-time design experience, but I wanted to make sure I was going to be successful in my move to user experience design. For me, there was some information I already knew but there was a lot of new content, which is what I expected.... Read More The new content flowed like water from a fire hose and the days were long, but what can you expect from an ""immersive boot camp"" after all? The new software was really easy for me to pick up, but if you aren't quick to pick up new design software or haven't used any design software before, you may have more of a learning curve. I looked at several boot camp options, including General Assembly, Bloc.io, CareerFoundary, and a boot camp the turns out to just partner with big-name schools (but doesn't actually have any connection to the schools or the alumni networks). I investigated them myself and interviewed people in my LinkedIn network who had done one of them. I decided on General Assembly because of the success that their graduates had versus the other boot camp graduates. I recommend doing your research and deciding based on that, but if you want to work with other people in hands-on teams (outside of COVID-19) I can't recommend General Assembly enough. There are definitely cost differences, but I wasn't willing to spend a big chunk of money, even if it was less than GA, if the content and results weren't going to be worth it. $5,000 might seem like a safer bet, but if it turns out to be a waste of time, it is also a waste of $5,000. No matter what you choose, it is on you to make the most of it. Don't just phone it in. You need to commit the time and effort—you get what you give to the course. It will be hard work but it will also be worth it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I found General Assembly trough switchup. We started 24 and 4 people quit in the journey. I will advise to anyone that is attempting to make the course to work at home as much as they can with JavaScript due that the pre-work is not enough at all to prepare... Read More for the intensity of the course. If will have to make a tbt the only think Ill change will be definitely to come doing some more JavaScript from home to make my life easier during the course, I was doing HTML and CSS by myself at home but the course will cover that really quickly and it will focus in JavaScript most of the time. You will be instructed by one teacher and 2 teacher assistant. I have to acknowledge that in my class in particular I was lucky to count with the most supportive teaching team. I'll never manage to pass trough it without their assistance at all. They were once again a key part of my course to make it till the end. The teaching assistance are two previous students from GA, they were from 2 courses ago and they were really good with what they were doing even tough was their first job after the bootcamp as a Software Engineer . I started to make the course at the campus in London and due to the COVID-19 we had to place it unexpectedly online using Zoom to make the classes online. The felling in the beginning wasn't positive to go from campus to Online due to that we choose a Immersive On Place rather than online what they offer too. The really first week in general we were struggling a bit but after all we even didn't notice the difference.During the course you will be doing 4 different projects and one optional. The class is placed in the following format.Morning Stand UpClassesClass WorkLunch BreakClassesClass WorkHomeworkYou will have to invest around 12 hours daily most of the days.Overall Illl give the 5 starts. CONSJOB Support is weakRead Less",general-assembly
"Normally remote courses would deter me, but this course quickly garnered my respect and admiration. The Zoom/Slack stack was not just effective, but the instructors laid it out very well and created a very efficient workflow for us students. I didn't... Read More expect to make friends AND learn a metric ton of information, but I came out doing both of those and with a better attitude towards my programming career.Read Less",general-assembly
"PROS: This program covers the whole engineering of software from computer science topics to best practices in the field to how to be a functional and productive member of a killer development team. The instructors are industry professionals who hone their... Read More teaching craft with constant feedback cycles that they take very seriously.CONS: There are never enough hours in a session or day to cover everything in 3 months, it's just not possible for any bootcamp. But the topics covered are well researched and relevant according to what hiring managers and recruitment data say are the most relevant for a developer in the field.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have about 10 years of professional experience under my belt. I went to a military college which had a very high attrition rate due to the stress of the school. After a few years in the Army and another few years working in a very demanding and intense... Read More industry. When coming into this immersive, I was doing so to upskill myself specifically to increase my knowledge of those I intend on leading/working with. I have never been so tried in my life. The level of grit required to stick through this program is high. I will say that I highly recommend this course, but I want to warn you, that if you're staying power (resilience) isn't high, this isn't for you. I've also been told that the industry has high regards for General Assembly and the quality of the graduate.Read Less",general-assembly
"I really enjoyed the experience of completing the UXD Immersive at General Assembly in downtown LA. I truly believe that the education I received there and the experience that I gained is worth every penny spent to make it happen. A month and some change... Read More later, I'm still job hunting (amidst a global pandemic) and I'm very well supported by the Outcomes team in staying focused and continuing to apply for jobs-- it's just not a great time to be out of work and seeking. I am glad that I took this course and will use the tools and methods I learned there throughout my career.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros:Had 3 teachersClass was on timeCons:Lack of organizationNo real flow in class if you didnt do the prework firstNot detail explanation in real life situationNo much team work or project work in classGrades were not posted ontime and had to do follow... Read More ups to make sureRead Less,general-assembly
pros : you can get some idea of where to find materiel to learn on your own later on.cons: I don't feel get enough feedback from the class. I big data in person class somewhere before and felt was able to get more guidance with much lower price. I won't... Read More recommend to people who are looking for guidance with this price.Read Less,general-assembly
"Pros: I had been self-studying for months before I looked into General Assembly, and I can say with absolute certainty that I never would have gotten as far as I have without the support of their truly incredible staff. The instructors have such a breadth... Read More of knowledge and are very talented at building up that knowledge in others (taking it step by step, crafting the curriculum in a way where each step really builds upon the last). My class in particular was also somewhat split in skill level (with some people coming in with prior experience, others complete beginners, a huge variety in skills/preferences, etc...) and they still did incredible job engaging each and every one of us. It was practically seamless. And all of us graduated having learned so much and reaching major achievements in our applications/projects.Additionally, the thing that really made my decision to go there in the first place - is the ""Outcomes"" team (ie the career support). They are without. a. doubt. the most active, supportive, and knowledgable career support services I've ever worked with. I was kind of skeptical at first, thinking they'd just kind run over resumes or something and send you off. But they are so hands-on and individualized. My career advisor at GA has gotten to know so much about my background and career goals (details that even my family forgets!) and has such an in depth knowledge base of the job market, and networking, linked in, portfolios, skill building, ALL of it. They work with you after the program too!Also notable is that my class in particular was interrupted by the coronavirus crisis and I just have to say - as someone who doesn't usually learn well online and was very nervous about having to transition remote - is that they handled the crisis perfectly. They did intense research to understand the situation factually as it developed, communicated clearly kindly and continuously with everyone, and both as a group and individually supported us through the whole process (the student experience head even took the time to sit down with me personally to talk through what was happening and even just how I felt about it, and seemed really genuinely glad to do so). It was an unprecedented, difficult situation for everyone - but they handled it so well. I can't compliment them enough on it.Cons: My only *only* reservation with this program is that the instructional team isn't very diverse. The only instructor of color was hired half way through my course (so we never had class with him directly) and our entire instructional team was men. I know that they are fierce advocates for diversity in tech - they offer scholarships to that effect and actually actively speak up against problematic things (it's also the first non-LGBT specific place I've ever known to share pronouns freely/comfortably!) but the lack of representation in the technical team did give me pause at first. I do know that that is a criticism for the tech sector in general though, and I hope to see them grow in this way in the near future.Read Less",general-assembly
"I joined the Data Science part time course, 60h, 10weeks. The course was ok but there are simply too many topics to cover in 10 weeks. After this time you can expect to leave the course, if you've done your homework, with a solid foundation of data cleaning... Read More and handling but nothing more. So many topics were left untouched.In the end the course should be longer or the price should be way lower. The knowledge you get is not worth more than few hundred bucks or pounds.If you are not from a developer already, this will get you nowhere near where you need to be to land a job in data science/machine learning.Read Less",general-assembly
"I just finished my 10 week User Experience Design Immersive at GA's NYC campus. The last 3 weeks of which were virtual. Having taken 2 other online ""circuits"" at GA, I have to say, the experience of being in an Immersive was even more incredible. The... Read More support you get from your instructors and the GA staff is what I needed to succeed in this career switch. I have been to a few recruiter panels since joining this course, and what has stuck out to me is how everything I've done in course is directly preparing me to be a stand out candidate in the field. I now, after finishing the course, have the portfolio, resume, cover letter, and LinkedIn profile, in addition to the knowledge and experience to get out there and stand out in the field of UX candidates.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA's Product Management class was absolutely a great introduction into Product Management. I left the class fully understanding how the PM operates in a variety of organizations and what skills are essential to be a good PM. We also got the opportunity... Read More to fully build out a pitch for a new product or feature of existing product - which was a great experience. I also left feeling confident that even without direct PM experience, its possible to make a career change and get a job as a Product Manager by highlighting the required skills. I would definitely suggest this to someone who is looking to make a switch into Product Management.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took GA's Software Engineering Immersive program in New York City. The pros: - An amazing tech community where everyone is willing to help each other learn.- Dedicated, honest and approachable instructional staff. Every class is taught by two instructor... Read More leads and two instructional associates and is supported by a teaching assistant, available nights and Saturdays for student help, so there are multiple people to go to for help if you need it.- Nice pace to the course - two weeks of lecture followed by 1 week dedicated to applying skills to a project. - Opportunity to collaborate with other students and UX designers for a project is valuable experience that can be transferred to the real world.- Outcomes support has been top notch; very valuable lessons and feedback on resume, LinkedIn, cover letter, etc.The cons:- Although the curriculum for the first two units (frontend development) is very strong, the curriculum for the last two units (backend development) needs to be tightened up. There were several days of lecture where we had codealongs/labs following instructions but not fully comprehending the content.Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone looking to kickstart a career in software development.Read Less",general-assembly
"I recently finished the Data Science Immersive in Washington DC. It was a great experience. The place is welcoming and cool, the instructors are fantastic (particularly the global ones), the material is comprehensive and well thought out. Totally recommended!... Read MoreRead Less",general-assembly
"I signed up to take a computer (python) course with General Assembly. I paid $4,000.Although there are many free online computer classes online, I have a hard time learning in a remote setting. I chose this class only because it is in person. I was only... Read More seeking direct, face-to-face education. I've tried online schools in the past and I did not like them.After about two weeks of class, they decided to make the class remote because of the coronavirus.I asked them to refund me because I cannot learn in that setting, and that the only reason I paid was because it is in person. They refused. They told me they can only refund $2,000 because their policy is to refund 50% if a student drops out after two weeks. But in my case I did not want to drop out and it is not my fault. I refused the 50% asking for a full 100%.They then told me that I can take the class after the virus ends and schools open again. I told them that I cannot take this option because my job is moving from NY to Texas and I won't be in state when the next class start. They again refused to refund me.This is highly unethical business practice. I paid for a service that they are not offering. I am not learning much online. I deserve my full $4,000 back.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended Product Management intensive course in March 2020 in London and it has been the best experience ever. It was well structured, superbly relevant and practical project allowed me to cement the knowledge further. On top of that, the course was... Read More a lot of fun so it was a huge added bonus to make new friends as well as learn new things.Read Less",general-assembly
"It happened as we know it that the need to switch to a tech career was necessary. Software engineering has always been my interest and I had heard about General Assembly's course from a fellow colleague. Having heard of his story and about other friends... Read More who have changed careers with an intensive bootcamp, I decided to take the plunge into Software Engineering Intensive. It was an exciting experience, even though there were a number of downs along the way. After finishing the course, I am more confident of my fundamentals and feel prepared to take a step further into this industry.Read Less",general-assembly
"I enrolled in General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive program in November of 2019 and completed the course in February of 2020. It was extremely difficult but I learned a lot. The instructional team was great and always linked situations back... Read More to the real world. You also get a lot of preparation for the job hunt. Best practices for your resume, cover letters, informational interviews, your portfolio, etc. If you're like me and didn't go to business school for undergrad - it helps. Overall, the course is 75% - 80% front end work. We did learn express, mongodb, and postgresql during the second half of the cohort. Be conscientious of that when enrolling. Overall, it was a good experience and GA is noted as one of the best bootcamps in the US. It was a good investment. Now, onto the job hunt!Read Less",general-assembly
"I was recommended General Assembly by a colleague as a great learning institute. I don’t disagree but I think the teacher who took this particular course of wasn’t up to scratch. Never received feedback on our projects, he kept giving bad examples and... Read More couldn’t articulate things in adaptive ways to help the students. He also skipped content and vaguely asked us to complete at home with no follow up to go over answers. I wouldn’t recommend taking the data analytics course in Melbourne as it was $4.5k I wish I had invested elsewhere.Read Less",general-assembly
"February 6, 2020*I left the program in the last two weeks due to poor execution and having already found a job.PlusesFirst we’ll start with the positives from the physical to the logical and qualitative.LocationThe GA campus in DC is clean, serviceable... Read More and well stocked with excellent Frontlines support. I would give it as near as 100% as possible. Classrooms always have working projectors, enough seats and whiteboards. Coffee, Peanut Butter and Jelly and tea bags are always plentiful.OutcomesThe outcomes team gives the students most of the skills I learned in this industry at dozens of customers and clients over 20 plus years. As much as the students complained about the long sessions to me, those that follow its rigors will secure a position quickly.CurriculaThe curricula as defined in the GA SEI Syllabus compares well with Flatiron, CodingDojo, Trilogy and others.InstructionAll lead instructors seemed knowledgeable of the material covered. All instructors were approachable and inviting of the material.DeliveryThe Google calendar was updated weekly with relatively accurate material to be presented and learned. Labs and software functioned as expected. Installfest saved the students trouble that they will quickly learn in the field. Compatibility and libraries are key from development to deployment.MinusesNow, some constructive guidanceLocationThose stairs are extremely steep and elevator access restricted. Heat in these historical buildings often has trouble on those frosty days. This one is no different, a space heater or two might help if compliant ones are available.OutcomesOnly one thing I might recommend here are interview dry runs. We had one or two examples of interviews, and I imagine hiring panel next week will be equally excellent. But as mentioned below, practice, practice practice! All candidates I have ever met benefit from practicing the interview questions and the discomfort. I mentor all of my charges in this area. We even do professional development sessions on it.CurriculaThe curricula was not taught completely. For example, one of the reasons, that I, an experienced Engineer chose GA were the Algorithms and Data Structures courses as shown in the screenshots below.These courses were not available until after the course opened and even worse were never addressed. This pattern of missing core material as we moved forward forms part of the basis for my letter and departure.InstructionOur lead instructor changed three times. None of them covered all of the material separately or together. For new students this gap will carry over into their new careers. Although I mentioned this before and in tickets, it has not been addressed adequately. It cannot be rectified at this late stage. DeliveryFurthermore there was often a lack of respect for the difficulties that the students faced. Comments such as the students are “lazy,” “do not want to work,” or “do not like to read have been heard.” While I encourage constructive criticism it must be backed by instructional excellence.Instructional ExcellenceAlthough very personable as a whole the instructional style was far too loose to give new students the comfort they need in this difficult, challenging and dynamic field. Like sport and music, training for novices is about learning patterns and executing them repeatedly and in combination. As the student grows, these patterns or katas inspire the artists to create their own symphonies.Not enough structure was provided for training the students muscle or neurological pathways to allow for confident improvisation. This is my number one guidance. When teaching new material it is vital that it is taught, demonstrated, practiced and reviewed. Although much of the material had this character, it has not been consistent enough to train the students.  On my final day I was directly criticized for the instructional failures of this cohort. I was told that I was pushing and telling the students what to do when in reality all that I did was:Describe the concept.Demonstrate the concept.Allow the students to choose issues to tackle.Reviewed them as a whole.The instructor who arrived later to try to guide us was disrespectful to me and to the classroom in his behavior. SummaryI chose GA over the alternatives for several reasons. First, the curriculum met most of the baselines of each of the other bootcamps in the area, although it was slightly pricier, the vibe and location seemed worth it. I was 100% accurate on the location and vibe, you are a warm and welcoming team that open your hearts to all students.Please structure the courses more. I mentioned this in my ongoing tickets and this letter. One of the lead instructors offers great answer and respond format. He sometimes made the students uncomfortable, yet it was the type of discomfort of growth rather than pain. Consistent training of your junior and lead instructors will ensure that the student learn the patterns better and all material is covered.Overall I have learned much from this program. I attended to have a structure and milestones to meet in an immersive format. This need was met. I am glad that I took this program, but I wonder if the Trilogy program might be more structured. Regardless, I thank you for this opportunity and look forward to seeing any of you in the field.Sincerely,Gouthum KaradiRead Less",general-assembly
I am happy that i enrolled in General Assembly after contemplating between a few other options. I will highly recommend the teachers and great working relationship they promote between your peers. This was one of the best things about GA as it was less... Read More competitive and more collaborative. It can be daunting at times as there's a lot to learn in 10 weeks so one cannot afford to take things in the hindsight. Come prepared with a mindset to give it your 100% and your will take back a lot more from it. They need some improvement in terms of career support and getting associated with some brand partners to help students get out there in the real working world.Read Less,general-assembly
Pros: - Great teacher support - Super helpful campus staff - Will get you set up with real-world projects (that you will need to put in your portfolio)Cons: - Time-consuming (you will not have much of a social life outside of your classmates),general-assembly
"The bootcamp is very impressive, the instructors are well drilled and the work load seems much at the beginning, but following through, I figured out how much I had learned and especially with the outcomes, they always gave a detailed explanation of how... Read More the industry will be which really equipped me for interviews and white-boardings.I will surely recommend this to anyone.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:Great agency like-feel; felt like an actual working environment :)Instructors were very thorough, easily approachable, and overall absolute beauticiansSupport staff was always accessible and friendly to engage withCurriculum was pretty robust for... Read More the 10-week timeframe givenCons:More partnerships for job support is neededReal-time projects for portfolio should be addressed; other than just case studiesRead Less",general-assembly
"This course distills the core fundamentals of user experience design into a comprehensive ten-week curriculum and pairs it with the extensive network of professionals, fellow alum, and instructors.The lectures were information dense, instructors were... Read More highly knowledgeable (My cohort was taught by a former Design Lead @ Disney), projects were hands on and relevant, the support staff were helpful with ramping up towards the course, and providing assistance with networking, interviewing strategies, applications and the like. Overall this course was a fantastic experience that I hope will ultimately kickstart my career as a product designer.I have to dock a few stars for the outcomes support, since there was 1 outcomes coach for 40+ students. Our Outcomes Coach was stellar, but I could sense that she felt the pressure of being responsible for everyone's success. She ultimately left the business, and there was a weird transition where we had the Global Outcomes coach step in for a few weeks until they filled her role. The Global Outcomes coach was obviously not familiar with our individual goals and circumstances and could only cover the basics (job search strategy, having the attitude, staying motivated etc.). Having transitioned from a corporate background, this didn't affect me too much. However, I could imagine it having a bigger impact on other students who have had no professional work experience prior to GA.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:portfolio madeProfessionals to ask for advice and feedbackFlexible payment options, I had 12-month interest free financingExclusive savings to some design tool subscriptionsNear TTC and union stationCons:Expected a lot more networking opportunities... Read MoreWifi was on and offWashroom stinksYou still have to developer skills for each design tool to catch up to industry minimumRead Less",general-assembly
"My experience at GA was great and very beneficial. I not only upgraded my skill set by learning about Data Analytic tools and methodologies but also made new friends and expanded my business relationships. GA’s teachers and staff were always available,... Read More approachable and ready to support us, facilities are adequate and safe and the materials used during the program were clear and as close as real business scenarios.Read Less",general-assembly
"This was an amazing experience that has changed my life. I had been stuck in a kitchen, not enjoying or having passion for my work anymore. Going to GA ignited my dormant passion for problem-solving, and gave me the tools to succeed in the world of software... Read More development.Read Less",general-assembly
This course really helped expand my knowledge and practice skills with a supportive staff and awesome classmates. The supporting curriculum offered in my GA was extremely relevant and helped give context prior to every class. Our instructor and TAs were... Read More super responsive to feedback and provided more of their own personal experience in class giving us a real world view of the industry and best practices in action. The final project has become a vital piece of my portfolio and has really highlighted what I've learned throughout the course. I highly recommend this course to anyone looking to dive into UX design!Read Less,general-assembly
"I was seriously stuck in a rut job hunting for my previous career. But when I discovered GA's UX Design Immersive Bootcamp I not only looked forward to classes each day but I also looked forward to practicing a career I would love! The bootcamp immersive... Read More is fast-paced and intense so be ready to work hard. But it's also mentally stimulating, delightfully creative and emotionally satisfying. And GA is serious about giving you every possible tool you need to find a job after graduation. I've never been this confident in a job search before. Honestly, if you're on the fence, don't be afraid to jump on over to the other side. It's worth it!Read Less",general-assembly
"Enrolling in the SEI program at GA was the best decision I've ever made. The staff at GA are wonderful, and the instructors are super knowledgeable, and more importantly happy to help you with anything. I think anyone with a poor review of GA wasnt there... Read More for the right reasons, it's not high school or university, you dont have to be there, you chose to go. Those that make the most of the resources there are the ones that will be successful. There's a lot of course content and it moves very fast so dig in and get ready to learn.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros: Instructors were very knowledgeable and extremely thorough. Started from the basics and slowly worked towards advanced topics. Always allowed time for questions and a proper answer with examples. Time was spent on materials and always had someone... Read More around to help out.Cons: The homework is a lot to get done especially for someone who's new. Could have used more repetitions on activities instead of one big homework assignment. Tips: Make sure you stay organized. Ask questions. Do everything you are asked to do. If you're new make sure you learn the basics and practice as much as you can. Plan your time and stick to it. Don't burn yourself out on things that you aren't sure how to do. Ask for help!!!!Read Less,general-assembly
"Had a great experience in the part time 10 week product management course. The instructor was very helpful, knowledgeable and very passionate about product with years and years of experience.Everyone at GA was really helpful, it's a great environment... Read More to learn in!Read Less",general-assembly
The course is quite good to get exposure to a decent breadth of data science topics but perhaps sacrifices a bit on depth. The course is very applied so don't expect to go in to the Maths in too much detail. I think the outcomes programme is lacking a... Read More little and won't tell you anything that you don't already know.Read Less,general-assembly
"This course is my life saver, definitely worth the time and effort. The teachers are very constructive and effective. Even though it is remote, we were fully engaged and students are able to connect well. The course is guided and structured. The explanations... Read More are descriptive and elaborate. The only thing that is lacking would be time. If only we have more time to discuss and digest, I believe it would be a better learning experience. perhaps, 1 day extension to the course would be great.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great intensive bootcamp. There's a lot to learn. Do not blink. Prepare to be glued to your desk and have snacks ready so you don't miss anything. You do have a break for coffee and lunch. But you will have questions. The training team is really there... Read More for you: use them to your advantage.The tableau module was my favorite and definitely the one I had most questions about.Be sure to be ready beforehand. Install all your packages and review all materials. You will be thankful you did and so will your classmates. Do not wait for the last minute to test your environment. if possible, use two large computer screens if taking the online class.Ask questions, you have a team of experts at your disposal that is very knowledgeable and patient.You will mostly take advantage of the class if you work with your own data but not necessary.I highly recommend the intensive bootcamp. I took a week off of work and some classmates were at that moment looking for other opportunities and building new skills.Read Less",general-assembly
"The GA community will help you through everything. The work is really tough and the program is expensive, but the Catalyst program made it possible for me to attend for no down payment. I'm really relieved that this experience turned out as well as it... Read More did. Coming straight from a year of unemployment, I was concerned that perhaps I was wasting my time and money with this course instead of going out to look for jobs on my own. BUT, GA'S UXDI COURSE has exceeded my expectations. Beyond belief. It was too good to be true when I first signed up, but now, it is really just too good and it IS true.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm writing this on our final completion date. Attending an immersive course such as this one was a great experience. Not only did I meet wonderful people, but the overall course is something I would recommend. The initial lectures and information were... Read More intense, but the course was laid out very well and is constantly being updated as the instructors are always revising their content as the industry updates. The projects we worked on gave me a variety to showcase in my portfolio. The outcomes program they implement with us is a great necessity and very helpful for job search. We were constantly provided with feedback and direction which was very helpful. I'm glad I attended this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"The program is very intense. Although I understand the need for the students to do homework, it seems to be too much for me. Furthermore, it will be better if you set the passing grade grade for each homework, instead of ""complete"" and ""incomplete"". It... Read More is a lot of work, and if you want the students to learn, let them learn on their own pace. After all, they are adults.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: it's a rapid program, very intense and every day and week is not like another one. The program is very well-balanced, fast paced and there're endless opportunities to learn more and get support you need. It's a collaborative learning environment... Read More where diversity and inclusiveness are embraced.Cons: I still believe one has to have a very strong theoretical base in calculus and statistics to master the program. Sometimes the environment reminds a kindergarten as the program does lack a socio-cultural componentRead Less",general-assembly
"I did the Product Management intensive 1-week course at GA and it was fine, but I expected much more. Positive points:- experienced and knowledgeable instructor who was always available for questions and help- experienced students who added value to the... Read More courseNegative points:- the course is nice to organize thoughts as a Product Manager but it is quite superficial- the project is totally unreal and based in big assumptions. I understand you can't do a lot in a week but this is not what I was sold. - the use cases are outdated- zero job support, not even access to the networkRead Less",general-assembly
"I have been thinking about changing my career to software engineering for a long time. This year I have decided to join General Assembly and I honestly I don’t regret it, the teaching system and the projects helped me to learn and further understand multiple... Read More technologies to be able to make beautiful sites. The campus is spacious, just ideal for you to learn and there are always people available if you have questions. The job-support at the end of the course is unique, helping you to brand yourself and shine from other applicants. Definitely, the best way to start as a developer.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA was good for me, because it provided structure and that helped me a lot at the beginning, but honestly you would learn a lot more if you spent the same amount of time per day (10ish hours) teaching yourself. Class often moves at snails pace and their... Read More curriculum really only covers the bare minimum for each topic. I definitely learned way more from Udemy courses i did in my free time than i did from GA, but if your someone who feels like they need a lot of guidance or structure the course can be really beneficial. If you do decide to attend GA make sure you go to office hours, and study a ton outside of class or you will not be job ready at the end of the course. Job support is nice but nothing you cant learn from google.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assemb.ly Software Engineering Immersive Online Boot Camp was an incredibly amazing experience. It opened my eyes and mind to many parts of web site design, development, and maintenance. I learned many languages, frameworks, libraries, stacks,... Read More and computer science fundamentals. Through the course, we built web sites, made functions, had solo and group projects. The amount of information blasted into my brain was equivalent to drinking from a firehose. After completion, I have a few sites for my portfolio under my belt and a firm grasp of the basics and more for HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Python3 as well as a new way of using the computer itself through the command line and sites like GitHub, Netlify, Mongo Db and Heroku. They have the outcomes program also, which helps mold your online presence and offers resume help and so much more. This program extends after the class is over and is available until you land your new career role.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended a Adobe After Effects workshop at General Assembly's DC location and really enjoyed it. I was a little nervous to take a remote class, but the experience was fantastic. An amazing way to learn from the comfort of my apartment with all the one-on-one... Read More feedback of an in-person class. Can't recommend this program enough.Read Less",general-assembly
"Going to General Assembly has been one of the greatest decisions I've ever made, from the instructors to campus and program. You gain the tools you need to land a job but not only a job but a career! you build skills and you network at the same time,... Read More they guide you to the process of getting that awesome job after the program, they have your back for ever!Read Less",general-assembly
"First of all, the instructor was amazing. His class was highly approachable. Staff were friendly and helpful as well. It was very impressive that they were thinking from my side although it was a mistake made by me. The only thing tiny thing is the lift... Read More doesn't stop at lv1 but then It kinda was helpful cause I could see something new whenever there were a seminar or workshop on the reception levelRead Less",general-assembly
"Pros: The instructors taught this course in a way that I could apply the new skills immediately at work, and projects were framed in business cases and real world examples. The content was contextualized and actionable.Cons - I wish that we had allocated... Read More a bit more of the class time to SQL and a little less to Tableau.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the product management 10-week course in 2015, and it was a really great experience. The instructors were extremely knowledgeable and patient. I took the program to help me in the current job I was in and it did exactly that. I was able to support... Read More clients in their business and approach decisions in a more strategic way. Like anything, you get what you put into it.Read Less",general-assembly
"Simple, direct and informative course with lots of engagement of the students by homework, on class projects and final project. This will equip you will all the know how information that you need to start and act as a proper product manager in your organization... Read More or enhance your existing behavior as product manager. Highly recommended!Read Less",general-assembly
I really enjoyed my experience at GA. Coming from a background in Advertising my skill set was very broad. Since attending GA I found what I wanted to specialize in. This helped construct confidence in me and makes it easier for me to apply for jobs.,general-assembly
"Coming from a digital marketing background, I really wanted to brush up on some of my skills and dive deeper into a few topics that I didn't know much about, so I signed up for the 1 Week Digital Marketing intensive. My instructors Salim and Shanna were... Read More absolutely amazing. They were knowledgeable, helpful and very patient.I felt that I had an advantage over a lot of the students in the class because I did have prior knowledge of everything we touched on, even it if was only a general familiarity. There were some people who knew nothing about Digital Marketing and it showed. In fact, at times, I really felt like it was hindering the rest of us from learning more and going deeper on certain topics. Shanna and Salim worked well to mitigate these issues, but there is only so much they can do. When I was trying to enroll in the course, someone from General Assembly called me to make sure the course was a good fit for me. I am unclear how some of my classmates made it through that screening process, but I would advise General Assembly to be more cautious with who they let in. There seem to be no prerequisites, but there definitely should be. And, if nothing else, there should be a 30-minute tech session prior to the first day of class for the folks who need it. There were people who didn't even know how to use Google Docs. It's not a good use of anyone's time to have to explain that repeatedly.Read Less",general-assembly
"The pro: Great student diversity in the PM class. Awesome instructor who brought rich experience and content Personally, I would highly recommend the in-person class over remote The con: Pricey Networking/hiring opportunities are insufficient. This should... Read More be improved especially for PMRead Less",general-assembly
The content was fantastic and the course quickly brought me up to speed to a point where I could learn more effectively. The teachers and staff were very knowledgeable and helpful. The course work was well thought out and was challenging at times but... Read More very rewarding. Overall I would highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to break into the UX space.Read Less,general-assembly
"I took the 10-week Digital Marketing course at General Assembly in Washington, DC from July to September. This course covered many platforms such as Google Analytics, Facebook Ads, Google Ads and MailChimp while also covering many types of marketing strategies... Read More and concepts like the consumer funnel, pacing campaigns and content copy writing. I don't think there are any cons to this class. We got to choose a local company of our choice (although our teacher provided us with at least 6 companies to pick from if we didn't have a company in mind) and apply what we learned in class to help assist them with their digital marketing goals. At the end, our final project was essentially a slide show presentation of how we utilized everything we learned to help X company achieve its objective through measured KPIs. Not only do I have Google Analytics skills, but I now have a portfolio of work I have done for a company in the area with ACTUAL results to show future employers. All the resources provided to you are free and I walked away with many good links and tips to make my experience as a Digital Marketer easier. I was new to the world of digital marketing, yet I found the course work digestible. The homework actually related to the previous lesson and if you completed the tasks in class, most likely you would just copy and paste that and be done with you homework! I think for the ROI, it is well worth your money taking this class! You also get access to a wonderful community of people which most likely, are hiring at some point in time. You 1) Network, 2) get a portfolio add with your project company 3) get fantastic teachers 4) learn complex platforms like Google Analytics 5) learn in a small class 6) go at a reasonable pace and 7) possibly leave with opportunities to job interview!Read Less",general-assembly
"For a marketer with a full-time job, this program was great. I nearly went to Georgetown for their program - but I'm glad I chose GA instead. The instructors were professionals from the digital marketing field and passionate about the subject. GA teaches... Read More you everything you need to know that is in demand in digital marketing. The classmates were all awesome and came from interesting backgrounds, from all professional levels. The GA environment is so welcoming and is great place for learning. The instructor Kristen Ferrer is an absolute weapon at teaching marketing. I loved her and the GA community. I highly recommend the program.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly was an insane experience for me. I had a lot of interest in coding and I knew I was getting myself into something tough. This helped me gain a foundation in JavaScript and I now have the power to learn more. It takes time and effort to... Read More really get into coding and I think anyone of interest can do it if they put in hours and hard work. It has only been two weeks since I ended my cohort and I haven't found a job yet. If you keep up the hard work you can get a job at the right time, but prepare to get rejections. Also, the instructors do a great job teaching and half of it is up to you to put in the hours to learn. Career support was very helpful, as well.Read Less",general-assembly
I took the Part-time Data Visualization class from 7-9 PM Tues/Thursday in Atlanta. I loved the class despite being experienced with Excel and Tableau. My professor Michel did a great job of teaching basics and still making time to reach very 'expert... Read More level' topics. Great class to take &amp; it helped me to be ahead of the curve at work.Read Less,general-assembly
"The Instructors are inexperienced and throughout the course I felt they were learning with the class. When confronted with real questions they would often be unable to answer them without pointing us to Google, Youtube, or Stack Exchange. Students would... Read More often have to correct *their* code. I first signed up for this course because of the ""meet your instructors"" section on the course overview page, which featured professionals working in the industry and employed by big companies. Additionally, I did not feel that the course offered anything I couldn't get for free via YouTube and/or a book under $30.Read Less",general-assembly
I am graduating the SEI cohort. The instructors Kenny and Dalton are amazing and second to none! The TA Matt is also amazing! Learned tons from each one! I highly recommend SEI! You will learn how to code! You put in the time and effort you will go a... Read More long way!Read Less,general-assembly
"Not worth the amount paid. Expected to come out knowing python much better than I do based on the syllabus, curriculum, initial application process, and information presented before signing up.Was quite disappointed with the materials and outcome of the... Read More class. Seemed like it was the first time it was ever taught, and much of the time the materials wouldn't even load as we were going through them in class.Find a different course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I am a graphic designer and I always wanted to do a professional career in marketing; I could not in the past but fortunately a friend recommended me this certification and decided to make the investment ... I do not regret it!I loved the course, the... Read More content is very wide and although I think that 10 weeks are not enough to assimilate and put into practice the tools offered by the class since they are many, for me it was worth the investment although it was a bit pricey, I totally recommend it. The instructor was very professional and has a lot of experience in the subject.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended the UX Design Immersive and I can't say enough about it! We learned everything that we could about the UX process, from user interviewing, to presentations of final prototypes, to working with developers, and with matching us up with real-life... Read More clients for our final projects,Read Less",general-assembly
"I was very glad to have a wealth of prior knowledge and experience with HTML and CSS before completing this course. I watched a fellow classmate struggle and then never show up again within the first two weeks-- she was the only student who had never... Read More attempted to code anything before.The instructor was new, and did not grade or review any of our material. Not sure if that's normal or not, but more feedback would have been great. How do you give homework and then not check if the students have completed it?I found myself struggling with Javascript and when I asked for help, the instructor rewrote my code and sent it back to me. Explaining things was not their strong suit.Most of what I learned in this course, I learned from Google. If you know what to look for on the internet, you don't need to spend $4K on a class.Read Less",general-assembly
"The experience was truly worth the financial sacrifice, as I feel ready and focused on starting a career in Data Science. The staff; teaching, Front Lines &amp; outcomes were all friendly and clearly motivated to help you achieve everything you were aiming... Read More for. Ultimately, the most surprising thing about the course was the level of dedication shown by your peers to help you learn at every stage of the 12 weeks - there really was a no-man left behind mentality which was awesome, given we'd all met for the first time at the start of the course!Read Less",general-assembly
I am graduating the SEI cohort. The instructors Kenny and Dalton are amazing and second to none! The TA Matt is also amazing! Learned tons from each one! I highly recommend SEI! You will learn how to code! You put in the time and effort you will go a... Read More long way!Read Less,general-assembly
"I want to start this off by saying I have no bad blood with the school or anything. I just genuinely want what's best for someone considering a bootcamp. I did general assembly's software engineering immersive this march and graduated in the end of june.... Read More The course was very, um, interesting. My lead instructor was Matt Huntington, he was a super cool dude and got to the point with the lectures. Whoever, the lectures were very easy and then we had 4 hours of lab time that no one knew how to do because the lectures were set up so poorly. The homework TA was very intelligent but rather than explaining and walking you through a problem that didn't make sense, he'd just give you the answer. And then lets talk about job support aka ""outcomes"". We had this every Tuesday and I cannot explain how unnecessary the homework was during the bootcamp. Now that we are graduated it seems like our career coach has gone MIA. If you don't know, one of the program's benefits is job support until you are hired. But I feel every time I message my career coach about a position or advice, it takes them almost a week to reply.I think there are better bootcamps out there.If you are dedicated enough and want a free bootcamp, use youtube. There's nothing I learned during my 500 hours of class time that I wouldn't have been able to find on there.Read Less",general-assembly
"Understand that this program is only 10 weeks. A lot is crammed into the curriculum, and a lot is left out of it as well. Understand that you need to put in 100% to get out 100%, inside and outside of the program. If you're not ready for that, you will... Read More struggle.If you're ready, read on.My background is in visual design and management. Those skills flow very nicely into UX. If you have a similar background, you will have an advantage. If you don't, you just have to work a little harder. I loved the program. It is structured so that you learn to apply the whole UX process of research, synthesis, wireframing, prototyping and usability testing to 5 projects. The first 4 projects prepares you for the 5th, your capstone. I the program prepared me very well for a career in UX, but I recognize that if you don't have a design background, then YMMV.The most important part of this curriculum, is actually what you do outside of class. It's easy to show up and follow instructions everyday. You have to network (they teach you, it's easy). You have to read, listen to podcasts, talk to other designers. You have to learn new software. You have to put yourself out there. That is how you will be successful in this program. (GA will teach you how to do all of this, and very well)The Outcomes team (career coaches) are fantastic. They give you all the resources, tools, advice, and time with them as you need to help you find a job. They do not find one for you. Same advice goes as above. You have to put in a lot of work, supplemented by the Outcomes team.GA has great alumni resources who stay in the community, participate in GA events, and give great advice. A lot has given their time to me to help me, and I will undoubtedly pay if forward.Extra things I'd recommend if you enroll in this program:1) Learn how to write/tell a good story. GA teaches you how to write a case study, but it's only effective if it tells an interesting story people want to hear.2) Learn how to work with engineers. The program does not involve any coding or working with engineers. Seek out opportunities where you can learn how the dynamics work.3) Understand what UX means in relations to the business/company you want to work for. This is how you speak the language of decision makers.Read Less",general-assembly
"Understand that this program is only 10 weeks. A lot is crammed into the curriculum, and a lot is left out of it as well. Understand that you need to put in 100% to get out 100%, inside and outside of the program. If you're not ready for that, you will... Read More struggle. If you're ready, read on. My background is in visual design and management. Those skills flow very nicely into UX. If you have a similar background, you will have an advantage. If you don't, you just have to work a little harder. I loved the program. It is structured so that you learn to apply the whole UX process of research, synthesis, wireframing, prototyping and usability testing to 5 projects. The first 4 projects prepares you for the 5th, your capstone. I the program prepared me very well for a career in UX, but I recognize that if you don't have a design background, then YMMV. The most important part of this curriculum, is actually what you do outside of class. It's easy to show up and follow instructions everyday. You have to network (they teach you, it's easy). You have to read, listen to podcasts, talk to other designers. You have to learn new software. You have to put yourself out there. That is how you will be successful in this program. (GA will teach you how to do all of this, and very well) The Outcomes team (career coaches) are fantastic. They give you all the resources, tools, advice, and time with them as you need to help you find a job. They do not find one for you. Same advice goes as above. You have to put in a lot of work, supplemented by the Outcomes team. GA has great alumni resources who stay in the community, participate in GA events, and give great advice. A lot has given their time to me to help me, and I will undoubtedly pay if forward. Extra things I'd recommend if you enroll in this program: 1) Learn how to write/tell a good story. GA teaches you how to write a case study, but it's only effective if it tells an interesting story people want to hear. 2) Learn how to work with engineers. The program does not involve any coding or working with engineers. Seek out opportunities where you can learn how the dynamics work. 3) Understand what UX means in relations to the business/company you want to work for. This is how you speak the language of decision makers.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:- Quality teaching, job advising, and support staff- Access to resources- Access to networking events- Professional- CompetitiveCons:- Pace is so fast that sometimes you don't get feedback on work",general-assembly
"I found the GA UX Research &amp; Design PT Course very enjoyable. I learned a lot and I feel that the curriculum gave me a solid understanding of the UX Research &amp; Design process from end to end. Marcella was a great teacher and made all of the concepts understandable... Read More and applicable to where we all were in our professional careers. She was always available for extra help and advice which I really appreciated. It was a lot of work and in my opinion required more of a time commitment than the course syllabus suggested. Because it is a PT class it moved very quickly which caused me to get behind a few times throughout the course. I also found the curriculum to be a bit disjointed and unorganized. This is primarily because the online pre and home work did not seem to match up with the 2 day a week in class schedule. There were a few times I had to go back and review because sections were out of order. Overall, it is a good course that would definitely be 5 stars with some fine tuning.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros:- focus on applicability- experienced instructor- friendly campus- kind staffCons:- N/A,general-assembly
"The 1-week course on Product Management was an excellent opportunity to learn new skills and exchange experiences with senior people who are already on this field. The learning flow and dynamics, combining theory and practice, was really helpful to absorb... Read More and retain knowledge.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the Part Time Data Science course in DC from 6:30 to 9:30 on Mondays and Wednesdays. I had very little data science background prior to this course and was extremely pleased with how it turned out. I was exposed to a wide breadth of core data science... Read More topics and now have a solid base from which I can pursue further learning. I'm by no means an expert but that's not the point of the course. I came in looking to improve my Python skills and learn the basics of machine learning, and that's exactly what I did. I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to get a solid baseline in Data Science.Read Less",general-assembly
"I made the switch to product design after contemplating the career move for a couple years. I was nervous about making a change, and put it off until I exhausted all other options. I completed the full-time UX design immersive course because I wanted... Read More to get more formal training and experience in the field, in a short time frame. Pros: GA stood out to me because of the timeframe (only 10 weeks!) and career coaching (which is amazing). Having an in-person experience was important to me because UX design is so collaborative, you're working with tons of people and different teams, so an added bonus was the diversity of our class and learning how to work with a lot of different people. I think the class was super practical and hands-on, we started doing real UX work day 2. The main instructor was amazing, I don't think I would have had as much success if she wasn't the instructor. Cons: I would have liked more focus on the engineering collaboration with design, since handing off and working with engineers is such a huge component of a UX or Product Designer's day-to-day. I think we did a pretty good job covering the basics and most important methods and tools, but in the short time frame we didn't get to develop a super large toolbox.Read Less",general-assembly
"I actually found GA through this website earlier this year while deciding which bootcamp to attend. My background is from the networking side of tech (3 fortune 500 companies &amp; 2 silicon valley e-com companies) and I've dabbled in software development... Read More (php) for a couple years. I went through the reviews and after contacting about 6 other schools (UC Berkeley, Wynncode, LeWagon, Hack Reactor, Boise Code Works, and Skill Distillery) I picked General Assembly.My honest review is the instructors are passionate about coding and can teach anyone the fundamentals of Full Stack Development. People in my class ranged from college students to the restaurant industry. Everyone was dedicated to learning and put in the hours to learn various languages and frameworks over 12 weeks. Like anything else in life, you'll get out what you put into it. I came during class hours, after class hours, and on the weekends as well. I knew literally nothing about Javascript 3 months ago and now I can write full CRUD applications in React, Express, and vanilla JS. There were always instructors available to help and many of them stayed to help students when they were ""off the clock"".Overall, if you're looking for a coding bootcamp you will not be disappointed with GA.Read Less",general-assembly
"Through my experience at General Assembly (note, when I started, it was still Bitmaker, but in effect, the content was General Assembly approved), I was able to land my first data science role. While the industry is hiring Sr. Data Scientist engineers,... Read More and Sr. Data Scientists, breaking in is difficult for more entry-level Data Analyst/Scientists. However, I do like how there are Data Scientists who come from a variety of backgrounds, from social sciences, cognitive sciences, to mathematics. On this journey, I’ve had a lot of support from my General Assembly instructor (Max is one of smartest, and also most effective teachers), career coaches and classmates. Note, your mileage may vary based on your instructor, or peers (to drive discussion and helping each other). I was lucky to have one of the best. Our instructor worked at two local start-ups before joining General Assembly, so he had real experience. Additionally, he often presented at conferences like Pycon and abroad. This is the by far the reason why I am rating General Assembly so high, it’s because you gain access to an instructor who can teach the material better than online materials. Anyone can find a Jupyter notebook on Random Forests, or youtube video on Neural Networks, but to get insights from an Engineer who has written production code, and has advice about ‘flex’ topics like why Docker, cloud computing, and a better way of approaching a problem is invaluable. Choose your boot camp based on your instructor. That’s the differentiating piece. Go to an info session, and ask him/her questions. Coming from the software industry previously, the inclusiveness and culture were great, but not a differentiator for me. I’d imagine Brainstation being similar. But those guys were way too sales-y while recruiting, which is why Brainstation turned me off. The syllabus was a bit less relevant too. To close I’d like to highlight two areas of improvement. - It’s a jam-packed 12 weeks, but if there was a way to embed more data engineering, software engineering by removing some of the less relevant algorithms, I think that would be better time spent. - Career support is great, but let’s raise the bar for those who have already worked in the industry. The general advice is table stakes (geared towards interns and university students), so it would be more valuable to have real data scientists, and data engineers provide advice on how they recruit, and perform whiteboard interviews. The network of alumni is growing, but the corporate partnerships engagement is weak as far as student employment is concerned. The career coach is working hard on early conversations with Telus Digital or MaRS, but at this point, there’s no real pipeline to feed students into those programs. Bet on yourself to find jobs rather than rely on employers knocking on your door on demo day. Set your expectations appropriately.Read Less",general-assembly
"It has been an amazing 10 weeks.I strongly recommend to consider this as an option to change career if you are thinking about it. The daily support and coaching through the course is great, as much as the constant feedback received.It has been a challenging... Read More journey, General Assembly has done an amazing job and without their help the experience it would have been totally different.Thank you!Read Less",general-assembly
"The program was a great experience. Coming from a quantitative averse background, I was delighted by how much I learned. The tools are current and the instructors take great care in making sure you understand the lessons. My only pushback is the end certification... Read More you receive should be designed a little more thoughtfully to look like an actual certificate instead of a letter of completion.Read Less",general-assembly
This program is everything it says it would be. Being that most immersive courses our short compared to the wealth of knowledge you learn. It is understated how intense the program is. Furthermore it is extremely hard to break into a new role after graduating.... Read More In order to be successful you really have to go above and beyond. Learn as much as you can prior to the program starting and where you think you want to go professionally. Asses how you can link your new skills to your previous working background for leverage. Prepare financially (cant stress that enough) and maintain contact with Outcomes and the GA Alumni network as you are on your job hunt.Read Less,general-assembly
"I've looked through courses in Udemy and searched google to learn about the field of data science. After some months trying to get into the field, I decided to try out GA's Data Science Immersive program. After going through this experience, I strongly... Read More believe that GA's immersive courses are the best way to get into new fields at an accelerated pace.Pros:- An excellent breadth and depth covered for the field in question- The instructor I had was excellent and the support given by the GA staff as well- Career coaching provided with excellent actionable insightsCons:- Too fast, but a necessity for the content learnt in 3 months- Apparently the experience differs according to instructor- Expensive without subsidies (my course had government subsidies)Read Less",general-assembly
"PROS-Discipline to attend classes when it's based in a physical classroom which was why I chose to go for this program-Covered 3 topics in a short span of time- Instructors were very helpful and resilient in their efforts to teach and explain concepts... Read More and often went above and beyond to help with other work related issues too CONS-Syllabus seemed split up in a way that could be improved. Most taking the course already had some basic level of experience with excel. But too much time was spent going through basics like SUM formula etc and the class on creating graphs in excel was also not the most helpful.- While Excel took up so many lessons, majority of us has no exposure to SQL or Tableau and a lot more time could have been spent on this. The 2 projects at the end seemed more rushed as well. Furthermore, while practices are good, it seemed like there were too many of them to go through in the 2 hour period to learn and then apply.Read Less",general-assembly
"Product mgmt course at GA is good for newbie. Because of my extended experience, I found all course info to be familiar but it just helped formalise my knowledge and a bit of a refresher. The practical activities during the course were really good and... Read More helped create muscle memory. The real learning happens when you actually start applying in a product role which I am still chasing. Overall 3.5 starsRead Less",general-assembly
"From the first moment I heard about the concept of UX in 2012, I knew it was what I was meant to do. I've been chasing UX for 7 years, but trying to learn it on my own was really daunting. There are so many amazing resources but it's such a massive amount... Read More of information to navigate alone. Additionally, it was hard to figure out what to focus on first and how to properly create projects of value. There's also no easy way to get personalized feedback. I found trying to tackle it on my own while working really demanding full-time jobs was making it hard to succeed. When I originally looked into the GA program, I absolutely loved the concept but knew I would have to make a major life change to make the opportunity work. I weighed several different programs and it was clear that GA was the best bang for my buck and time. So, I focused on the goal and made it happen. I am not exaggerating when I say this is one of the most impactful experiences of my life. The format of the course was set up really intuitively and meets people where they are on their design journey. I had a lot of career experience that helped me throughout the course. What really made it so special and useful is how amazing and engaged the instructors are. Shari and Andrea are not only excellent designers but truly talented educators. They have greatly impacted my life and my future. I can only hope to make them proud as I finally embrace my destiny as a UX Designer.Read Less",general-assembly
"As far as I experienced, I didn't encounter any cons. An experience in that class that I have attended was amazing, an instructor gave full attention to students. Instructor was very knowledgeable, I have not only acquired great knowledge on a subject,... Read More but also had a great fun at learning that subject.Read Less",general-assembly
I needed to learn python for my job and wanted to get the knowledge and skills down quickly. I signed up for the General Assembly Python Programming course since they offered a week long version about every month. The course was exactly what I needed... Read More and I literally wrote my first program for work the Monday after we finished. Since then I've written another much more complicated program that is going to be a big help for my team. I plan to take General Assembly's Data Science focused course next year when I have more pro dev dollars available!Read Less,general-assembly
"The environment at GA Boston is super empowering. The instructors and front-line staff seem to have the students' best interests at heart. This was a really great environment to learn a lot very fast, and I ended up with a couple great job offers within... Read More a few weeks of the course wrapping up. Job support is solid.The one recommendation I'd have for the curriculum is to move the CS material to the end as a transition out of the course and projects and into the job search. Learning CS material alongside React and the capstone project was a lot all at once, and I felt that I had to breeze over certain parts of it. All thing considered, I'd definitely recommend a GA immersive to anyone who is looking to switch career directions/level up their skills and has the flexibility to take a few months to invest in their learning.Read Less",general-assembly
I love the knowledge gained throughout the duration of the course. It has taught me so much digital marketing stuff that is so useful to my work. I truly enjoyed the experience!,general-assembly
"With little to no knowledge of digital marketing, this course provides a great introduction and overview of important digital marketing concepts and practices. A big pro of this course is it introduces topics and then let's you apply them to your real... Read More work. My only minor con is the pace of the course could sometimes be too fast, but with a wide range of topics to cover, it makes sense. There was always support from the instructor/TA if you needed extra help to run through something again. Overall, I'd recommend this course for anyone with beginner knowledge of digital marketing!Read Less",general-assembly
"As a 20 something, I started off my general assembly journey with a dose of nervousness. Will I be able to keep up with the course material? Will I be able to walkaway with functional skills? Will I connect well with other students? The answer to every... Read More single one of those questions was a resounding yes! Thanks to the course I have been able to build real digital marketing skills and walk away with a clear understanding of SEO,SEM, Google Analytics, Facebook Ads and more! The curriculum was very clear, the instructors were superstars and my classmates were great and from a variety of professional backgrounds ranging from executives at Fortune 500's to early startups founders.Do yourself a favor, take this course and build some serious digital marketing skills.Read Less",general-assembly
"Working in an industry where I knew I was wasting my technical skills killed me everyday, because everyday I knew I was capable of more. I've had an interest in coding in college, but I knew took the opportunity to purse computer science in any way. So... Read More basically I went into this program with a few previous months of research and a little bit of self-teaching, but you could say I basically didn't know anything. I saw General Assembly as my way out of my current career and a way into the tech field. Having no coding experience prior, GA gives a little test course and pre-work before you actually submit your application. Which is nice because you kind of get a feel of things before you sign up, and your admissions coach helps you figure out if this truly is the right thing for you or not. Giving a little background information, I have a family and not working for 3 months getting no income would put anyone with a family in a stressful situation. But my wife and I agreed that this career change would be better for the future of me and the family so we decided to do it. That being said, I went into this course 100% focused and determined to get every single drop out of it. And I will tell you, it did not let me down. The two in-class instructors I had were awesome. Great humor, kept the class lively, and both were extremely easy to approach. When you ask questions, they help you by letting you realize the answer yourself by asking you questions surrounding the problem to help you figure it out. There was also the global who taught all the lessons who is openly available. I didn't contact the global instructor as much, but he always opened up his communication to everyone which was nice. I just felt more comfortable with the local instructors. UTILIZE ALL THREE OF THESE RESOURCES, if they are available. I can't stress this enough. The outcomes/job support is a great resource! Use your career coach! Hate to say it, but it's your fault if you don't ask for help, and if you don't feel comfortable with your resume or LinkedIn profile. Your outcomes person can't read your mind. After my course was finished my career coach set my up for success, but once again it's me to me to actually go out there and apply, follow-up, and ace the interview. My career coach also provided all the tools and resources I need. Even after I get a job, I will still use these resources as a reference. Once again use all the resources given to you, excessively. That's what they are there for! The course itself it very fast paced. You definitely need to stay focused and PAY ATTENTION DURING CLASS. Whatever you do during breaks, and lab time is on you, but I would DEFINITELY pay attention during the lesson. Even if you don't understand one thing, write your questions down. If you don't understand anything, then write down where you got stuck and DO NOT be afraid to ask questions. Some core lessons are only 4 days, and then you have to build a full stack application. Stay focused and ask questions. There were a few lessons were I thought we could have spent a little more time to learn the foundations, but that's just how a bootcamp goes, learn quick and grind hard. The grind doesn't have a bed time. Expect to devote the next 3 months of your life to this course. Don't give up mid-lesson because you're confused. You're literally paying to be there, don't pay to sit and be confused. No, ask questions to you in class instructors and they will GLADLY help you. The worse thing you could do is not pay attention in class, then get mad at the instructors for not helping you because it was your fault for not paying attention. If you don't understand the material, thats different. I can't stress enough, if you want to be successful in this class come in every day wanting to be there. If you go in class every single day WANTING to learn, WANTING to be challenged, and WANTING a career in what you're studying, then you will succeed and you will leave ready to enter this field of work. One of the greatest things that came from this course were the relationships built and gained from my cohort. When GA says you get connected with alumni, they aren't joking. You make and build friendships in your cohort that will last forever. Even if you're an introvert, you will leave having friends and connections. You see these people 40 hours a week, you do group projects with them, you fail, and you succeed with them. Your cohort is there to help and support you. Probably one of the greatest things earned from this course, friendships. If you're looking for a career change KNOWING you want to get into the tech field with no coding experience, and if you KNOW you will stay dedicated, then I would definitely recommended General Assembly.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm not sure this program still exists in the form in which I took it in 2015. It was a 12 week online course with an online mentor. Overall, I was disappointed. The visual design piece felt elementary, non specific to web or digital design, affordances,... Read More etc - only basics like color, balance, etc. When it came to coding our own final project, we weren't good enough to actually build it on our own, so I ended up relying heavily on my mentor to fix most of my code. I am now a firm believer that bootcamps/courses should not even be offered when they are that short because not enough can be taught/learned and they are too expensive for what you do obtain from them.Read Less",general-assembly
My experience was really good at GA. I feel I learnt a lot in last 10 weeks. I would totally recommended to people who want to take this leap to choose GA over any other institutes in Boston,general-assembly
"I attended the newly formed Software Engineering Immersive program at General Assembly NY. The program runs for 14-weeks, divided up into 4 units with the first two units as an introduction to the front-end and the latter half as an integration of both... Read More front-end and back-end. Throughout the course I learned how both front-end development in HTML, CSS, Javascript, React, and back-end web development with Express with PosgreSQL, Node.js, Ruby on Rails, along with some authentication libraries such as Passport. Overall the strengths of the course is that they are very beginner friendly, and that the course can help you gather the broad strokes of full-stack development. Attendance of the program also comes with an ""Outcomes"" course, which is a meeting with their career development coach, and this is helpful for finding employment after graduation. The ""Software Engineering"" portion of the course is rather underdeveloped, which consists mainly of watching videos and covering them briefly in class the next morning. They do go over linked lists, understanding Big O Notation, and sorting algorithms but the program does not prepare students very well for technical interviews. Overall, this is a great course if you want to make a career transition into the growing field of Software Development.Read Less",general-assembly
"A very intense course for beginners.pros - comprehensive curriculum with plenty of hands on to learn what needs to be learnt in 3 months - very strong support staff - routine and environment helps to study cons - more can be done for totally beginners... Read More or weak students. do not rest your laurels on already accomplished students but on how far can you bring the weakest ones. - software engineering component is just learning something online with lack of connection and experience on the WDI content, thus not much is learnt there. the time can be better used for beginners to strengthen foundation - abilities range in class is too diverse. not simple but a strong trainer is someone who can shorten the gap between the too weak and too strong students. ""in a journey, the strongest of you is the weakest of you if we want to achieve success together as team""Read Less",general-assembly
"You, as you are reading, you probably are already an adult with an existing profession. It's not possible to restart your life, but it's possible to pick-up what you might have missed (big) in your life. If you are willing to work hard (as if you actually... Read More are working on a new master degree), this is a place for you. The problem is not about whether the teachers here can teach you; the problem is whether you can learn enough. I had practically ZERO-programming experience - none of my existing profession could help me starting the first day of class. I studied like 12 hours every day (including weekends) over 12 weeks, but I still feel not getting my money's worth - why can't I just learn more? If I could study 46 hours every day (if not 25334 hours every day) for this course, I would attend again - it's that good. There is just too much to learn; if you are willing to learn, you will feel satisfied - it's that good. Taking the course here is like playing a RPG. Obstacles keep appearing, but you keep acquiring more powerful equipment/skills/spells to overcome your obstacles. You also need to be strategic in planning your time and parts of schoolwork to focus, because that's how you can possibly finish your work. On the other hand, if you have only little interest to learn and only want a certificate, this is also a place for you. As long as you hang-on and stay until the last day (with all the work minimally finished), you will still get the certificate (like guaranteed) - yes, it's that good, that flexible. ...but as your potential senior in the same boot-camp, I want to warn you: Why are you here? Why do you want to join a boot-camp? It's because you want to make a difference. Chances are, your former piece of paper (your previous degree, regardless whether it is a diploma, Bachelor, Master, or Ph.D.) is still not serving you well - otherwise, you would not be here reading this. If you choose to take the course here, you should work hard - so hard as if you are squeezing 2 years of your life into 3 months. Otherwise, I doubt that you will ever shine. A lazy person cannot shine. By the end of the course, if you still cannot code on your own, your piece of paper will be worthless anyway. If you choose not to learn, you are only wasting your money and your life. The school will tolerate your sloth regardless, but you should work hard. The school/teachers still get their payment either way, but you should leave no regret. Work hard, and hard work will pay off. This is the type of boot-camp here at Bitmaker General Assembly Toronto. In the end, it's you that is controlling your own future - not your classmates, not your teachers, not the school, but you.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly's UXDI immersive program was very well structured, with 4 UX projects and 1 portfolio project. You have lectures most of the day and then work on projects where you practice what you learn, which is a great method. The quality of your... Read More education will vary depending on your instructors. I had 2 high quality instructors, Susan Wolfe and Lauren Golden, so I received an excellent education. The program is VERY intense, so be prepared to dedicate about 70 hours to the program each week. You will only succeed in this program if you are willing to dedicate all your time to it and work incredibly hard. If you're ready for that commitment, then I recommend it.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course provides an in-depth walk through of principle and practices to extract, format and analyze data. To learn the application of data analysis and visualization is a great skillsetfor individuals in a IT, project, operations and program management... Read More or analyst role.Read Less",general-assembly
"The online course covers a good set of topics and is led by knowledgeable and helpful instructors. Videoconferencing instead of meeting personally occasionally makes things a bit awkward, but such is the cost of being able to take the class from your... Read More bed.Read Less",general-assembly
"A really useful quick and dirty summary to project management, according to the principles of the Project Management Institute. Also includes a discussion of Agile methodologies.",general-assembly
"I had a great time at GA. Before GA, I was working minimum wage jobs and realized web development was an attractive career path. I put in a lot of effort and gave it my all during the program. I was very fortunate to have an amazing cohort that encouraged... Read More collaboration over competition and everyone was friendly with each other. The working environment definitely helped me succeed as I could ask questions to just about anyone and I could get some critical feedback. The outcomes support for finding a job was really helpful to me and I landed a job within 3 weeks of my last day and I only started applied 2 weeks after the last day. I think GA's Web Development Immersive (now Software Engineering Immersive) provides a lot of foundation for students. They set the bar to be achievable and the ceiling can be as high as you want to be. GA helped give me the tools to do my own personal projects and teach myself which helps at my current position immensely.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly is a great ensemble of personalities - teachers, students, instructors, industry leaders, and outcomes professionals that all intermix to give its students a great outcome. You will be challenged. You will be broken. You will be rebuilt.... Read More Should you want it.Coming from a sparse programming background, but from a career non-related to programming, I found the course not challenging at first, but it quickly ramped up with projects, labs, and instructional material. Suffice to say I was humbled real quick. I was begging for more hours in the day to do the work. Sleep was sparse. But it was worth it. You start seeing the fruits of your labor when you start understanding industry-level papers in a few weeks. While you may not know every piece of tech out there, you know where to start. You learn not only data science but also the ability to navigate APIs, open-source software, figure out neural networks (so, many types) and natural language processing (again, so many types). The depth to base concepts covered I found perfect, and the amount of room they allow you to explore and direct your own analysis is spot on what I wanted from the programming. As much as data science is clearly a science, it's also an art, where you can be creative and sometimes bring forward something no one else has expected. You can take these skills after and keep learning and learning. To steal a line from General Assembly - the end of your immersive is only the start of the journey. Keep learning and keep an open mind!However, this is not for everyone. Outside obligations are hard to balance - be ready to give up the 12-weeks to your studies, knowing that it'll be worth it in the end. Be humble. Don't come in with preconceived notions about what you know about the job search, be open to learn and change. Don't be stubborn when someone criticizes your work. They're trying to make your work better. Be able to take it in and grow and improve. Lots of wisdom is missed if you can't hear out new advice. I mean, isn't that why you're here - to get guidance? Collaborate, collaborate, collaborate.The staff is unfailingly helpful, and so are all the other students. Bridge off each other's deficiencies and really connect with other students, even if they aren't in your course. Treat everyone as an equal and you'll have fun times together being tortured by the material. With that, good luck to any future students!Read Less",general-assembly
"This is amazing fast paced learning environment that has a nice balance between teaching me and push me to learn on my own the things I'm capable of doing. It literally took me from zero to hero in Python. Also, they have great career coaching that tells... Read More you the nuts and bolts of getting your first job. Everyone have their own journey, skills, qualities, etc. but have realistic expectations. getting your first job is tough, specially that we are changing careers for the most part. Best way to prepare is to do the pre- coursework they send you, and read a lot on your own beforehand so you're able to keep up with the teaching, and make the most out of it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I am very grateful for my experience at General Assembly! I was worried about the financial commitment to such a short program, but I do not regret my decision at all, for these reasons:1. There is so much support, you can always reach out to someone,... Read More they have a student services team, that I reached out approximately towards the end of the course when I was feeling overwhelmed. They gave me such helpful advice, just being able to talk to someone and receive that empathy was helpful. After that, she would reach out to me to check up on how I was feeling. 2. The support of the instructors. I had 6 instructors I could go to for help. All of them available and great at explaining complex topics. They also provided us with information that they know from working in the field and shared resources.3. The immense help and unity of my cohort, everyone was willing to help their neighbor, there was no selfishness or not wanting to share information. We all helped each other out, would stay long hours studying, I never felt uncomfortable or got a bad feeling from anyone. 4. The installations. Great! always clean! Coffee and snacks are always available. Always a place to store lunch in refrigerators. They also have m&amp;ms and Reese's!5. The content!! I was really exposed to so many topics that I need to know to work in the field. Yes, it is an immersive and taking all that in is hard work, but with the support of staff and those around me, as well as homework that really reinforces those concepts, it is doable for those willing to put the work in.Read Less",general-assembly
"I loved my General Assembly course. My instructor was knowledgeable, the curriculum was comprehensive, and the GA support staff were wonderful.",general-assembly
"I had over 10 years experience working in the tech field already. However, I was lacking the necessary software engineering skills to really move forward in my career. It is absolutely necessary to be able to converse with developers, stakeholders, and... Read More designers on a coding level in order to be able to contribute to any major software project. Fluffy analysis and being good at procedure is no longer enough for staying valuable at your job at any tech company. General Assembly's Web Development Immersive/Software Development Immersive tooled me with the latest, most relevant coding prototypes, styling techniques and software engineering frameworks in order to keep me current with what is going on in the industry. 3 months of immersive training is equivalent to 2 years of computer science classes. So you will not be able to have a side job, or any kind of life. However, the sacrifices you make to complete this course, will be worth it. I am now ready to learn any new languages that may come before me. And I'm ready to take on the future that is all going to be tech. Better to be on the inside, then on the outside looking in. If you want to remain relevant in the future job market, then make the proper investment in yourself and take a course like General Assembly's Software Engineering Immersive.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have been to another coding boot camp before that was not immersive and it was online; it did not turn out so great. Naturally, I was worried about General Assembly. They quickly put my fears to rest in the interview when I got to meet the instructor... Read More too. I truly felt they cared. I am a proactive learner. So I don't just rely on one source to learn something, especially when changing careers. Coming into General Assembly I was doing what I could to learn Python which helped me tons in this intensive course. During the course, I learned outside of General Assembly through different resources. General Assembly was the best. It covered the important topics that I would not have known, and it covered them just enough to be proficient. Sometimes people have unrealistic expectations when they come to a coding boot camp and mine were actually pretty low. I was glad to be wrong.You have to work hard and you have to be positive. You have to take responsibilities for your actions. If you do all of that, General Assembly can be one of the best ways to not only change careers but change careers confidently.If you want detailed answers, feel free to email me!Read Less",general-assembly
Part time Data science course was very well structured for the working professionals .The pre-work allowed me to refresh on statistics and programming.Instructor was amazing and very helpful. It was very good to have a actual Data Scientist lecturing... Read More the class.Read Less,general-assembly
"I come from a traditional Marketing/Design background and for the past 5 years felt ""stuck"" and ""outdated"" in my role and skillset. I have taken on project management courses and engaged in other type of professional development training to get myself... Read More up to speed with the industry, but still not feeling as competitive as the market demands it. I struggled with understanding digital marketing and have never been a self learner, therefore, I knew I had to go to the experts for help. I started looking for in-class training and found General Assembly right at the top! The whole experience has been life changing for me. General Assembly has given my career the ""reboot"" it so desperately needed! I am now a part of a creative, warm and diverse community that nurtures knowledge and continues to foster growth. Taking the 10-week Digital Marketing Course was the BEST thing I have done for my career in the past 5 years! I am once again excited about my educational growth and can now enter and compete in the workforce with solid confidence!Read Less",general-assembly
"Before attending General Assembly, I did not know these type of schools existed. I wish I would have done more research prior. My experience with General Assembly has been excellent. My admissions advisor was so helpful, she guided me through the pre-course... Read More work and introduced me to a wonderful opportunity through Adobe Digital Academy. With her help, I was selected to receive a scholarship through Adobe Digital Academy that made it financially possible for me to attend this boot camp, not only that but now I will be doing an internship with Adobe. The topics you will cover are all relevant and up to date. I was very happy that once I was attending UX Design theme workshops and meet-ups, I knew what the speaker was talking about and did not feel out of my element. Now that I have finished the program, I feel capable and ready to begin working in UX Design in any company I choose.Read Less",general-assembly
"I loved this experience (instructors, staff, friends I made, challenging content), and have the confidence to change industries into UX design after only 10.5 weeks.",general-assembly
"Great and friendly staff. However, the duration was too short for the course to dive deeper into each topic and opportunities for more hands on work.",general-assembly
"I appreciate the teaching style of the instructor. Very open, personable, and engaging with the entire class. He provided critical feedback and suggestions and recommended always sticking with your gut. I was able to learn the basic of visual design and... Read More enjoyed the curriculum. However, I wish we were able to learn about about the design and software programs (sketch, photoshop, etc.)In terms of the flow of the class and entirety of the course, not one moment was wasted. I felt that I was able to obtain as much information from each class as I could. I enjoyed studio time (aka working on project during class) simply because the instructor was available and classmates were able to also provide feedback.Overall, I'm glad I took the course although it was quite expensive. I now have a connection and have access to wide alumni network.Read Less",general-assembly
"The biggest thing I was concerned about when signing up for this course was whether or not I would come out the end feeling confident and equipped to join the UX industry. I've been finished for 2 weeks now and I am 100% certain I will thrive in a UX... Read More job. This course crammed so much industry knowledge and practise into my head. It truly felt 50/50 theory to practical work. I learnt so much about the industry, felt completely supported by my teacher and TA with regular check ins and really understood what my future career could be like. Plus I've made so many friends and connections.The outcomes and careers advice is almost worth the money alone. The sessions guiding us on application and interview strategies and how best to present your CV and portfolio are incredibly full of depth and inspired by feedback from current UX'ers and hiring managers. My only advice would be to give it your all. There is no time for a part time job. You must invest everything you have in this course and the rest of your energy on your wellbeing. 10/10 recommend this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I had an incredibly positive experience at General Assembly, specifically the User Experience Design course. The entire course is project based and you will leave the course with great items for your portfolio that can be used to leverage new jobs or... Read More new opportunities.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great instructors, campus &amp; staff. Course content was well curated and seemed to be in touch with the current industry climate. Would definitely recommend!",general-assembly
"Pros: I learned SO much in the intensive one week course. From advanced Excel (and I considered myself pretty advanced already), two days on SQL, and two days on Tableau. My inner data geek is thrilled and I’m really looking forward to practicing more... Read More and pivoting my career a bit. The teachers are passionate, very helpful, great at explaining everything well, open to connecting in the future and providing help. Two very minor slight cons: one is that I wish I hadn’t taken the intensive class so don’t take the word “intensive” lightly. I really wish I could’ve taken the 10 week course to really let my brain internalize everything that was being taught. By the fourth day, I felt that all SQL knowledge had fallen out of my head. The second is that I wish SQL was just one day so we could spend more time on Tableau since it basically does the SQL job for you. I understand that they’re not mutually exclusive but Tableau seems to be the way of the future so I would’ve appreciated more time on that. Maybe in the 10 week course, this is provided. Overall though: great class! 100% recommended! Just keep in mind the intensive class.Read Less",general-assembly
"Absolutely great program! Fantastic instructors @Hammad &amp; @ Zakk! Shoutout to GA for being supportive, up to date, and fun! W",general-assembly
"The class covers some basic Python and a few simple algorithms, but is not well organized or summarized. Classes are an instructor reading a Python notebook to you, followed by time spent on exercises, and the occasional homework. Most of what we cover... Read More are also general standard data science problems, where the exact same question is explained better than the course work. The GA curriculum, in comparison, regularly has errors, is not standardized, is not searchable, and is generally not a good use of time.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took this class with high hopes to learn and get a basic understanding of the topics. However, I felt like the class did not meet these expectations. The instructor was not as informed as I would have thought and the class was not in what I had hoped... Read More would be a classroom like environment. Most days were about a 20 minute lesson then work on your own and ask questions. It started out with just the instructor and 16 students so time was limited for this, we did get a TA about half through the class which did help. But this style of teaching was not effective for me and especially when you consider the cost and time. A large percent of your questions will be asked to Google it. I did learn about the topics, but I would have learned more and better if I had taken an online class. Final thoughts, not worth the cost.Read Less",general-assembly
"I flew from Peru just to take the course inmerse of Product Management, and it was worth it. I liked that the course is an intense week because I could not stay in San Francisco for a long time, the networking is super good, the facilitator with very... Read More enriching experience and the material as well, I would have liked more work between peers and a little more time to get to know the GA community.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: I became familiar with Tableau and SQL (can't say I fully learned either)Cons: Did not receive proper feedback for any of my coursework (so it was essentially like taking an online course), instructor was unprofessional, spent too long on excel,... Read More which I already knew - I was led to take a course I was overqualified forRead Less",general-assembly
"My first thought after completing this course was: Are you serious--where was the 5-week circuit course when I was signing up? And I would have much preferred the ""learn on your own pace with a mentor who's there when you need them"" style of learning... Read More than being tied to my computer screen from 8-10 pm every nightI enjoyed the online class content and like that it was fully remote so I could attend from the comfort of my own home. However, by week 5, I was starting to feel like the course was dragging and we could have covered the material from weeks 6-10 in earlier classes.I also feel like certain subjects were given too high-level of a review. Google Analytics is extremely complex and you need to know how to go through the tabs and boundless information to find the data you want. Google Analytics needed more time for in-class explanation and practice--it could have been the last 2-4 weeks of the class honestly. I felt thrown into the deep end with no time to practice and figure out the landscape.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course is particularly good for anyone who is wanting to improve their python skills for Data Analysis. Content is covered quickly, but it is easy to keep up if you have done all of the preparation work (which is an excellent resource in itself).... Read More The class can somewhat be slowed down by other classmates who have not prepared which can be quite frustrating! The Instructor and assistants/tutors are very knowledgeable, dedicated and always willing to help. I would definitely recommend this course if you are looking to better understand the practical applications of Machine Learning practices and what the job of a data scientist really involves. But, if you really want to get good at data science this course might not do it for you. The actual machine learning themes are covered very briefly and not in much depth, because of the broad nature of the spectrum of this ever changing profession.Read Less",general-assembly
"This 12-week immersive program is a great way to get prepared for a career in software/web development.The course is well-designed to cater to the needs of each individual, and the collaborative environment is great for all students. Everyone learns from... Read More one another - even the instructors! The curriculum is regularly reviewed and modified to remain applicable in the current job market, and emphasis is placed on professional readiness and self-learning. In the ever-changing world of programming, General Assembly will help you to gain the skills you need to find your way.Read Less",general-assembly
"Going to GA was one of the best decisions of my life! The course was only 3-months long. It was in person, Mon through Fri, from 9-5, and an hour long commute for me by car, but it was worth it! I met great friends who I plan to keep in touch. And I landed... Read More my dream job 2 weeks before the course ended! I went from a program coordinator (administration) to being a software engineer! I am making pretty much double the salary I was making previously and I am so excited to continue this new journey! I hope that this gives you a little more confidence to sign up for GA because it's real and worth it!Read Less",general-assembly
"This bootcamp seems very standard to me and it has a good set of resources. With a good bit of elbow grease, you could have definitely found all of this material online and learned everything yourself, but it definitely helped me by having deadlines.... Read More I got matched up with an instructor who was not very talented at teaching. Sure he may have been smart and worked as a data scientist, but that doesn't mean you are automatically good at teaching. I think GA needs to be more thorough in their instructor selection. This instructor said wrong things 50% of the time, so I found it no longer useful to even listen to him. He also struggled with answering questions, it seems he would latch onto one of the words you asked in your question and talk about that, even if it wasn't really your question. When we voiced our frustration with him, he seemed to get mad and tell us that we need to learn how to Google this stuff ourselves. While true, we are not paying thousands of dollars for you to tell us that. However, towards the end of the course, our class was given a guest instructor. This guy was absolutely amazing and incredible at teaching. He was engaging and knew where students were coming from when they asked certain questions, he made a 3hr class feel like a 1hr one. And even when he was faced with a question he didn't know the answer to, he showed us how he would go about looking that up, in essence, showing us how to Google (which I think is a very overlooked skill). If I had the guest instructor for the entirety of the course, I would have definitely felt like this course was worth $4k.From my own experience, I think learning from the first instructor for 9 weeks brought me a $500 value. Working with my classmates and seeing them grow from Excel sheet users to delivering a darn interesting project brought me an additional $1500 value. In total, I think I got a $2000 value out of the $4000 class.Read Less",general-assembly
"This is a great course, where you learn so much and meet lovely people. It is a really steep learning curve but everyone is very supportive and the assistance in finding your new role as a junior developer after the course is brilliant.",general-assembly
"The original curriculum that was advertised, the content they provided and how the course material was delivered was incredibly inconsistent. This was not suitable for someone wanting to get an in-depth understanding while also working a full time job.... Read More Our instructer was often overwhelmed and found it difficult to explain concepts, I neeeded to miss one class which happened to be on SQL joins (why would you only allocate one class to joins?) and it was incredibly hard to catch up afterRead Less",general-assembly
"This product course is decent but not what I was looking for. As someone with a business background and startup experience, this course was not for me. I feel like the admissions team could have done a better job of setting clear expectations. I was looking... Read More for product knowledge around software products but that was only 1/10th of the curriculum. Much of the course was spend on other topics that I was already well versed in. If you're starting a business and need key entrepreneurship skills, this course is for you. My advice for prospective students is to ask tons of questions to really dig in and understand what will be taught in the course. Also, where possible, do the in-person. The online was way too lax. Some students didn't turn their cameras on and others were still in bed. Seriously. Not what I was looking for in meaningful interactions for learning, Instructor was very knowledgeable in product and was a product manager herself. I really liked how she brought in an outside guest to talk about agile development in the context of a large organization. In summary, great course but make sure it aligns with your needs first.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the Web Development Immersive in Providence which is supported by the Boston GA office. The immersive was everything I wanted it to be. Expectations for course content were very clear and there was support at every step from instructors and outcomes... Read More staff. Taking a bootcamp feels like a big risk and I looked into a few different options before choosing GA. I chose this bootcamp because it had positive reviews, friendly and informative staff, relevant programming languages, and some convenience factors including cost and location. The full-time immersive curriculum is very challenging and definitely requires full commitment. When you finish the program there is still so much opportunity to stay connected with classmates and instructors. The job support staff hold ongoing weekly workshops and regularly check in about the job search. They are also available for one on ones to talk through any challenges and offer input on job offers. After two months of rigorous job search after completing the course I accepted a position as a software engineer and the GA reputation really helped get my foot in the door. The possibilities after GA are endless and you will walk away with a solid understanding of full-stack development and object oriented programming. You will also walk away with a sense of community.Read Less",general-assembly
"The only pro is that you are provided with Career Services after the course (the course material is essentially ripped off of the internet/Data Science textbooks). That being said, besides helping you clean up your resume and write a rough draft for a... Read More Cover Letter, they don't do much more. Don't expect to find a job through this 'Career Network'. The Career Services team will also make it clear that their goal is to get you hired as quickly as possible, whether it's a job you truly want or not. Don't be misled by the claims that +90% of grads are employed within three months of graduation - that's because after 2 and a half months of searching, they've settled on a job below their qualifications because they can no longer afford to stay unemployed.Furthermore, the course's content material was straight from a popular Machine Learning textbook (actually, the textbook offers more material than the course). A three month course is simply not long enough to really absorb the material. Their goal is to introduce you to the topic (so that they can claim they taught it to you), and move on to the next topic. Questions? Good luck catching up the next two weeks, and then doing it again. Overall, they make promises they cannot keep. Do not expect to find a job as a Data Scientist after taking this course. Potential employers simply do not take GA's 3 month DSI course as a serious substitute for 0-2 years of work experience. I've applied to 50+ jobs, and of those that have given feedback, the message is consistently that the need someone with more experience. Unless you have something on your resume that truly makes you stand out (Master's Degree, Ph.D, 5-10 years prior work experience), your cap will be an entry-level Data Analyst job, or reverting to your prior career.Read Less",general-assembly
"The General Assembly Data Science Immersive course gives a very basic foundation for anyone who is looking to venture into data science. It provides you with a crash course in Python before applying the various Python libraries that can be used for Data... Read More Science. Topics covered include: Logic Regression, A/B testing, Linear Regression, Regularisation, K-mean clustering, Data Visualisation, K-Nearest-Neighbours, Random Forest and more. The course provides a very good survey of the various basic techniques that can be employed for Data Science problems. However, do take note that the course is very short and brief leaving much to be desired in terms of depth. This is especially so for the later topics covered near the end of the course (ie, Natural Language Processing, Recommender Systems, Neural Networks, Bayesian Analysis, etc.).The main point to note is the amount of job support that is provided during the course. If you are looking to undertake a career change or hoping that the organization would be providing a lot of assistance in terms of helping you find a job or changing career then this is not for you. The job outcomes help is minimal at best and almost non-existent for the most part. A job recruiter would probably get you more interviews and job opportunities. Thus, do not rely on the job support from this at all.On the flip side, the students who attend the course are the greatest pro of partaking of the course. Every student who was in my course was able to provide invaluable insight to various approaches to the data science problems that were given throughout the course. In addition, they were also extremely helpful and made going through the course that much more fun and enjoyable. However, I must mention that not every course would have students who are as enthusiastic, willing to help and would liven up the classroom.Read Less",general-assembly
"My learning experience was beyond my expectations. Design and front end visualization for web products and applying principles of design was the base of the class, our group collaborated thru our slack channel and our exercises created a lot of opportunity... Read More to participate in our virtual classroom. Our instructors were available for discussions and provided us great resources to continue to grow in the field. In a nutshell, incredible instructors, engaged group and relevant material!Read Less",general-assembly
"The curriculum is very complete, but everything moves very quickly. I would prefer more time practicing the design principles during the course, but they teach you well enough to prepare you for continuing self-education beyond the 10 weeks.",general-assembly
This intensive course quipped me with the tools to focus our digital marketing efforts and to build more productive and profitable campaigns with our external digital agency.,general-assembly
"I honestly thought for the longest time that the only way for me to do a career pivot would be for me to go back to Germany, where colleges are not run by loan sharks. Since my partner doesn't speak German, that's not exactly an option. General Assembly... Read More Boston provided me a legitimate educational opportunity to enter the tech industry. Furthermore, they have an industry- and psychology-informed approach to education, which puts them in a different tier than most other bootcamps.Additionally, General Assebly's Boston alumni network is better attuned to my needs than my undergrad's network (and I went to a local university!). I got my first job in tech through an alumnus of General Assembly Boston, who posted the job listing to our job board and coached me through the process.Read Less",general-assembly
"Making a career change is always scary but GA does a great job at preparing and supporting you with your transition and new career. I would not choose any other program in hind sight. It's the right amount of rigorous learning, fun experiences and overall... Read More great people. You also make strong connections to your classmates in a very short time.Read Less",general-assembly
"Making a career change is always scary but GA does a great job at preparing and supporting you with your transition and new career. I would not choose any other program in hind sight. It's the right amount of rigorous learning, fun experiences and overall... Read More great people. You also make strong connections to your classmates in a very short time.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:· Small classes. We had about 10 students so it meant that there was more attention· Industry experts teaching and coming in as guests—was helpful to get other opinions about UX and feedback on our projects· Having a class on Saturday vs during the... Read More week—this worked well with my work schedule· Our instructor was great—had a good combination of hands-on time to practice what's discussed in class and learn from each other with one-on-one time with her to get feedback on our assignment· It was helpful to meet my instructor before the course started at an open house· Gained more understanding about the UXD process and lingo—it was a helpful introductory overview but need more experienceCons:· 10 weeks didn't feel like enough time to cover everything—would have liked it spread out over a few more weeks· I'm a designer, so learning Sketch wasn't challenging for me but I know that part was challenging for non-designers (if you're a non-designer you might want to try and familiarize yourself with some of the basics)· Would have liked to have more time on research· It would be nice if there were more networking opportunities for part-time studentsNote:Be prepared to put in the time. A good 20+ hours on top of the course. The more time you put in, the more you'll get out of it. It's not always easy to do with working full-time though.Read Less",general-assembly
"It's an intense 3-month commitment, but the program is nicely set up to get you used to working in a professional development environment. You learn a lot, you do a lot, and at times it definitely feels overwhelming, but it is definitely doable (if I... Read More can successfully complete the program, then so can you).Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly is an extremely welcoming and supportive environment. The frontlines staff are incredibly warm, friendly, and helpful. And the job support is so so useful and helpful!As for the Web Development Immersive, I have so many good things to... Read More say about that program and the people who taught me.Justin is an amazing teacher. He is skilled, compassionate, challenging, fun, supportive &amp; encouraging. He is a rare combination and I feel very lucky and grateful to have had the experience of taking a class from him. I thank him for creating a welcoming, judgement-free, and silly classroom that allowed for great personal growth and learning.Dalton was such a huge help throughout this entire process. He was always ready, willing, and happy to help in any way he could. When he taught us subject matter, he always presented material in a very clear, concise way. These instructors and the staff/space at General Assembly made my experience what is was. I highly recommend visiting for yourself - meeting your teacher and getting a sense for the place and the people. I think it's what makes General Assembly stand out above the other options in the bay area.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great course for a full overview of the data and analytics - excel, SQL, database and data visualization. The GA campus has a good vibe with lots of courses going on and plenty of open plan space to work independently and as teams. The staff were all... Read More very approachable, down to earth and plain speaking which was really important for this session. Concepts were delivered clearly, materials and work examples were all well prepared, all enabling participants to get the most out of their training investment.Overall a very positive experience hosted in a great environment conducive to learning.Read Less",general-assembly
GA is a great and fun place to learn. I completed the Data Analytics course and the instructor was incredibly knowledgeable and great at explaining complex issues in an understandable manner. GA courses are also a great place to network with professionals... Read More working in different industries. I can definitely recommend GA to anyone who wants to improve their skills for current or future jobs.Read Less,general-assembly
"I first learned about General Assembly at a local Chicago AIGA event. I am an experienced print designer increasingly taking on more digital projects learning skills as I need them. I took GA's 8-week Visual Design online course to get a better understanding... Read More of best practices and strategies designers are using to approach digital projects. Some of the content was familiar to me (color theory, typography, composition) but what I found very valuable about this class was how the curriculum included how to think about these areas with a fresh digital approach. Much of the curriculum was new to me and well worth my time. I now have insight into how my clients are thinking about marketing and brands and how to articulate brand values on digital platforms. I learned about new tools and new resources that help me in my work every day. The structure of this class is similar to how a designer might approach a client's digital project and I am looking forward to using my new skills to help my clients with new ways of thinking. I also think the online class experience exceeded my expectations. It was easy and engaging. This class was an excellent investment. Thank you, GA, for a great experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"Once I had made the decision to change careers and become a UX Designer, I turned to General Assembly on the recommendation of a friend from London, who had worked with GA trained UX designers in the past. It was one of the best decisions I could have... Read More made. Changing careers can be a very stressful thing, and if it weren’t for GA I might have chickened out. Not only did the UXDi course equip me with the tools, language and skills required in the field of User Experience Design, but the “Outcomes” portion of the program completely prepared me for re-entering the workforce in my newfound circumstances. They provided an incredible support system and helped me navigate my career change in the best way possible. I was employed within 30 days of graduating, and made back my investment within months.If you have an aptitude for human centered design and the willingness to be proactive and put in the work required, then GA can provide the tools to help you succeed.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly's Web Development Bootcamp in San Francisco was a very positive experience for me. I had Brock and Kenny as my instructors, and they were excellent. If I ever approached either of them with a problem, they wouldn't settle until they figured... Read More it out, and were always patient and supportive. You have to put in the work though, because they want to see that you are putting in a effort to figure out the issue yourself.I self studied for about 8 months prior to starting the course, and I feel that this really prepared me for the intensity of the immersive. I had the luxury of studying part-time while I was still in college getting my degree in Biology, and I had realized I wanted to switch careers before graduating.In all honesty, the course will be rough if you come in with no experience, but it is definitely doable and shouldn't determine whether you choose to do it or not. Learning something new everyday and applying it is no easy feat, and immersing yourself into web development before the course will definitely help you. You also have to realize that your learning doesn't stop once the course concludes either. Software development is a constant learning process, to quote my instructor Kenny, you have to ABC. (Always Be Coding).My career coach Jonathan was also very supportive and really helped me succeed at General Assembly. He gave me great career insights throughout the whole program, and he really takes his time with each student to understand their background and interests, giving each student unique advice on how they should conduct their job search. He was also great at helping everyone develop the soft skills necessary to be successful during meet ups, phone screens, and interviews.I accepted an entry level Front End Developer position before I graduated the immersive, and couldn't have done it without the support of my instructors and career coach. General Assembly's program is great, but you also need to put in a massive amount of work to be successful. I sacrificed a ton of free time to learn this stuff before attending the program, so if I have one piece of advice for people on the fence about a bootcamp in general it's this: if you can survive 4+ months of self study for atleast 2 hours a day, and still have the drive to attend a program like this, do it 100%, it will really accelerate your learning process and you will succeed if you put in the work!Read Less",general-assembly
"To start - with any boot camp you do, what you get out of it is what you put into it. Most of these courses will have pros and cons, which you have to weigh before you choose one. But you absolutely have to put in the work or you won’t get as much out... Read More of it. Also - prepare yourself for what you’re getting into, read this.General Assembly’s full-time UX course is the only full-time in-person course that I know of in the L.A. area. It is also the most expensive option that I am aware of.But, since I could live with my parents if I stayed in Los Angeles, and wanted to do in-person because online learning isn’t a great option for me, and didn’t want a course that would take 6+ months to complete, and taking into consideration that I would likely end up working in Los Angeles, I went with GA.PROS:Professor: My professor, Gerrit, was awesome. He explained complex issues really well, was relaxed and calm in his demeanor, provided helpful feedback, and was always honest and transparent. He brought in explanations and rationales based on personal experience and was originally a graphic designer, which was nice since that is part of my background.Classmates: I loved that I was in an in-person program. My class was about 17 students, which at times felt like a lot, but I am ultimately grateful because I enjoyed the groups I was in, loved meeting and learning with new people, and overall was honored to be surrounded by people from such a wide variety of backgrounds, experiences, and ages. I enjoy surrounding myself with those who are different than me so I am continuously challenged.Job Support: While I just finished the program last week, I’ve enjoyed the openness and support from our Career Coach. He’s easy-going, readily available, easily reachable, and pushes you to utilize him for help. He helps with interview prep, portfolio, and cover letter review, and you can go to him for pretty much anything and if he can’t specifically help, he’ll go out of his way to find someone who can, which is amazing.Group projects and portfolio pieces: I also chose an in-person course so I could work on projects with a team since that is how it likely is in a job. I enjoyed my teammates and I gained valuable experience in learning how to balance personalities and differences of opinion. We got to work with a real client as our last project which is great as well since the other two are spec projects. One project is also solely focused on your portfolio, and GA puts a lot of emphasis on trying to make you as career ready as possible.CONS:Coding/Development: The primary gripe I have but didn’t negatively impact my experience, is that we don’t work on projects with developers. I don’t know if that is something other schools do, but it would be smart to pair up UX students with someone from the web development classes to work on a project together. Designers have to work with developers in a professional setting, so it’s great practice to do that in a school setting.The course also didn’t cover any coding basics, but they give you $500 towards their courses, and you can take night classes and all day weekend classes to learn some basics, which is what I did. You can also do that for visual design, job prep and more. So I don’t see that as much of a negative, but some might.Price: GA is definitely the most expensive school I looked into, which means my loan is bigger, but the school could use to be a few grand cheaper. Here’s to hoping I just get high paying job!Admissions variations: While I naturally get neurotic when making major decisions so I spent weeks, sometimes even months, doing research on programs and UX in general before I chose this program. But many students don’t necessarily do that. Some students in my class were told different things by different admissions people, and there really needs to be consistency so all students are coming in equally prepared. For example, if students don’t have any visual design experience, they should be prepared for what they will need and spend time learning. Or if students want to work while doing a full-time program, they should be heavily warned against it - not casually warned against it.Interaction design: We didn’t spend too much time on learning the nitty-gritty of this, which, in a sense, makes sense since it’s only an 11-week course and UX is a massive discipline with many verticals. But a quick project on it would have been nice.LAST THOUGHTSAgain - I spent a lot of time preparing myself for this course mentally and financially. I watched YouTube videos, read Medium articles, talked to folks who took the course before, and really made sure its was the right fit and the right decision. I come from a graphic design and marketing background, which was incredibly useful. So take what I am saying with a grain of salt. Some students in my class came from wildly different backgrounds, like acting, music and finance. If you feel like you need to take a few brief courses in things like visual design or the like to prep, it’s incredibly useful and just makes it so you won’t fall behind.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended this program in Austin, TX. I would not recommend anyone to take this course here. There is not much help with job support. It is basically up to you. Less than a third of my class has jobs 3 months after they graduated. GA is misleading. I... Read More felt that my $13,000 went to nothing.Read Less",general-assembly
"I've been attending General Assembly events for quite awhile now, and I'm noticing a pattern that I feel like I need to describe at this point. They offer daily 2 hour events, typically in the evenings so people can attend without skipping work. To be... Read More clear, these are not part of their immersive bootcamps, but they are clearly sponsored and hosted by the organization, which is why I think this is a proper forum to discuss them as they clearly reflect on the company culture. Some have specific topics like ""intro to python"" or ""intro to UX design"", and these can be quite useful workshops. But many are kind of vague or they proclaim to help you ""break into"" some area of the tech world or the tech-adjacent world. These have titles like ""So you want to be a (tech) wizard"" or ""how to work a room"" or ""how to break into VC in 2019"". It's this second group of workshops that are promoted in an extremely misleading way. I feel compelled to say something about them because what's happening may not be apparent at first, but becomes clear over time. On more than one occasion, I've left work half an hour early to attend one of these workshops and felt like I had been intentionally mislead and my time had been taken from me under false pretense. So, I'd like to help others avoid being made to feel this way.In these workshops with vague names or the ones not introducing a specific coding language, they typically spend the first 30 minutes or so presenting slides on basic info that pertains to the advertised subject of the event. But after that, the lecture will turn in subject matter at some point. They will proceed to go into a 30-90 minute lecture on pervasive sexism and racism in Hollywood and the tech sector and the county in general, etc. The presentations take a very deliberate turn away from the material they claimed to be presenting and instead turn into a critical theory lecture. While this may be a pleasant supplement for some attendees, the problem is that for the rest of us who've just worked a 10-12 hour day and are trying to attend an event to help us transition into a new role, it's kind of frustrating to have an organization mislead us about what we're signing up for. If they would like to host workshops on sexism and racism in the tech industry, more power to them. In fact, those might garner higher attendance numbers than workshops titled ""So you want to be a (tech) wizard"". But when you shoehorn the tired material from a critical theory lecture into a workshop advertised to be about a different topic entirely, you're not helping anyone's cause. You're taking advantage of people who have limited time and financial resources who are just trying to gain job skills. I hope this helps young professionals better allocate their limited after-work hours.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA is a comprehensive all-in-one package for becoming a programmer. You can walk in having never coded in your life and walk out with a high-paying job within just a couple months of graduating. The instructors at the Boston branch are highly knowledgable... Read More on the subject matter and skilled teachers. They don't make it easy and nor should they. They struck a careful balance between feeding us information and giving us the tools to learn for ourselves. Although I still have much to learn, (I suspect I will for the rest of my career) I am in a better place than I could have imagined before starting the Web Development Immersive. Pros:-Skilled Instructors-Thoughtful Outcomes Professionals-Welcoming and Inclusive Culture-Well-Rounded CurriculumCons:-Sometimes Inconsistent Lesson PacingRead Less",general-assembly
"The curriculum that GA has for Python is very flawed. It was filled with errors and typos, and there is no homework. Its basically a powerpoint presentation, and a very thin one at that. There is a lab that asks you to do things that were not covered... Read More in class. I did a free course on Kaggle that had far superior written content and actually had written homework. I complained in a nice manner about all of this, and the result was the typos on the powerpoint were corrected, but no homework was ever given. The instructors were great, very nice, talented and caring. But there advice to me was to direct me to free materials on-line. So they were aware that people needed better source material and homework. I also heard this feedback from almost everyone I spoke to in the class (about 25%). Note many participants have the class paid for by their company, so they are not as interested in the value they are receiving. But if you have to pay the tuition yourself, you will realize its a total waste of money. Please don't take this class. The GA feedback person was very pleasant but nothing changed. The school is most interested in making money, do not be fooled. For Python you are better off doing an on-line course. (I also reviewed the curriculum with an NYU student and several python coders I work with, and they also agreed the course was not created correctly). I hate to leave a bad review, but I want others to avoid paying for something that is a rip off.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended WDI September-December 2018 in Boston. Let me say in the first line of this long review that I wholeheartedly loved my experience at GA. My experience was decidedly a good one, and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend General Assembly to someone... Read More looking for an immersive, full-stack bootcamp in Boston. The decision to switch careers, quit my job, and enroll in a bootcamp was not one I took lightly, and I spent almost a year researching before showing up to 125 Summer Street in September. Before taking the leap into a bootcamp, I set up more than a dozen informational interviews with alumni of various bootcamps, attended bootcamp info sessions, struggled through some self-taught coding online, and read so many bootcamp reviews. Switchup proved to be an excellent source for me, so I decidedly wanted to write a review here once I had some time to reflect on the experience.***My background***I went to university and studied linguistics, and then went to grad school for speech language pathology. I worked as a clinician in a hospital setting for ~2 years, but wanted a different kind of challenge -- more problem solving, more creative thinking, more building things, fixing things, making things work better. I also wanted the flexibility to work remotely and better opportunities for career advancement. A part of me just really missed being in a learning environment, and I wanted a career where I'd always be wanting to learn something new that mattered for my daily work. ***Finding the right bootcamp: choosing between Launch Academy and GA***Initially, I considered bootcamps nation-wide, and was seriously interested in a few in the Bay Area, PNW, and NYC. However, I live in Cambridge, and wanted to leverage my existing network and support system here. Eventually, I narrowed my search to full-time, immersive bootcamps located in Boston. I was seeking a bootcamp that was immersive, had a primarily technical curriculum, taught full-stack web development, and had strong outcomes support. For Boston during my search, I distilled the options down to two main opportunities: Launch Academy and General Assembly. I met alumni from both of these bootcamps, talked with the admissions team from each, and visited both campuses (they're practically next door neighbors in downtown). I initially got really good impressions from both places, and I really connected with one of the co-founders at Launch Academy. In fact, I had all but committed to enrolling at Launch, up to the point of putting down a deposit to secure my spot in the fall cohort. However, over the summer there were a few instances of communication breakdown where I wasn't hearing back from Launch, and after a few emails went unanswered I felt a little unsettled. After doing some deeper research online, I saw found a few other concerning signs: Launch had quietly cancelled plans to open an all-female coding bootcamp in DC, and had more recently just closed their only other campus outside of Boston, which was in Philadelphia. General Assembly, on the other hand, had continued to have excellent communication, and the bottom line was that I started to have a better gut feeling about GA than Launch. So I got a refund from my deposit at Launch (which they were great about -- no questions asked) and signed up for General Assembly instead. I should say here that I've continued to keep up with folks from Launch Academy, and they give very good reviews of their experience. I also met a bunch of guys who were in the cohort I would have been at Launch when we were all about halfway through our respective bootcamps, and they raved about their experience. In the end, I think the fact that General Assembly is a much bigger organization and had better communication (read: an entire team focused on enrolling new students) made me feel more comfortable investing in my experience at GA. For what it's worth, GA's campus is also beautiful, which makes for a great first impression. ***Pre-work for WDI***Before starting the bootcamp, GA gives WDI students a set pre-work which they say is ~70 hours of work. The material was good, but was realistically more like 20-40 hours of work. While I thought it was a good foundation, we never received any meaningful feedback on our pre-work, and it was almost never referenced during the immersive itself. The pre-work was probably the least-well executed part of the whole experience. I would say that it's worthwhile to do, but not to spend too much time/energy on it. I got more out of some other free online options (like Harvard's CS50 class on edX.org). ***During the bootcamp***The program was split into 4 units, each of which culminated in a portfolio project. The units got slightly shorter as we progressed -- more hands-on in the beginning, more independent-study towards the end. The first unit felt a bit slow, and the pace of the course is definitely modulated by how well the cohort as a whole is doing. There was always the option to slack message the instructor and request more advanced readings, additional problems, or more prompts for practice. My biggest take-away from my experience with the actual content is that you get out what you put in -- it's definitely possible to do the bare-minimum during each day, complete the bootcamp, and essentially learn very little. On the other hand, the day's coursework gives you plenty to continue practicing after the day's instruction is over. More nights than not, I was spending 2-4 hours getting more practice, finishing the afternoon's lab assignment, trying the morning diagnostic again, or reading up on the next day's topic. ***People at GA***Without question, what made my experience so great at GA was the quality of people that you get to interact with on a daily basis. The instructors are top notch -- I can't say enough good things about the lead instructor, Mike F. The associate instructors each have their strengths, but across the board everyone cares and is willing to sit down with you and answer questions (or at least get back to you on slack). I never felt like my time wasn't respected by any of the instructors. The staff that keep GA humming (Frontlines) are also incredible -- it was easy to become friends with the people I saw there every day. From offering vitamin-C supplements when people were getting sick, to keeping the coffee fresh, to simply asking how my weekend was, Frontlines staff made me feel welcome in the space. Finally, the outcomes team (Julie and Kara) are phenomenal. They truly have excellent connections in the area, know the job market, and have their process ironed-out to keep job-seekers on track during and after the program. ***Things I loved about GA***GA is a big company, but I was really happy to find that the Boston campus really has it's own personality. Community at GA Boston is huge -- alumni regularly come back to give talks, participate in alumni panels, and even hire recent GA grads at the meet &amp; hire.Like I mentioned earlier, the physical space that GA occupies is beautiful. Walking into 125 Summer Street every morning felt good, and the building is beautiful. The building also has a badge-access bike cage and a really awesome shower facility, with day lockers, towel service, disposable razors, shaving cream... it was nicer than my shower at home. I biked to school every day so this ended up being a huge perk for me. GA provides some basic breakfast staples (coffee, tea, milk, cream, oatmeal), which made it so I could spend more time on campus, save some money on groceries, and maximize the time I could spend studying/working/coding. The physical space was open until 10pm most nights, which meant I could go to the gym after school, come back, and do all my work at school, which really worked for me. There were usually a few other classmates that stayed late with me, and the space is used by various meetups and night classes, so it doesn't feel desolate after hours. ***Things I didn't love about GA***1.) I wish there had been more individualized feedback throughout the course. After my first project, I had a 1:1 with a pair of associate instructors to go over my project. I was really looking forward to getting some specific feedback (i.e., this function could have been written in a better way; you could have made this a class; you could have structured your source code into a few different files), but instead I found out that no-one had actually looked in-depth at my code -- the meeting was just meant to go over how I felt doing the project, and the code-review was essentially checking to see if I met minimum requirements and had any user-facing bugs. 2.) Over the entire bootcamp, there were only two times when office hours were offered after class. Each time, a handful of instructors (seemingly there on their own time) stayed around for about 30 minutes, were only able to help a handful of people, and then it was just the students in a room helping each other. 3.) The content was a little too pre-programmed -- there were several times when my classmates or I had a question that wasn't explicitly in the outline for that class lecture, and it was obvious that the instructors didn't want to go too far off-script (with the exception of the lead instructor). This usually wasn't a problem because it was in the interest of keeping the course on schedule, but there were other times when we had the time but questions were deferred or just given non-satisfying answers and then moved away from. ***Epilogue***I don't think a coding bootcamp is for everyone. But if you've found that a bootcamp is something you're 100% committed to, I think GA is a great place to take the leap. After the program, I've connected with lots of other GA grads who are a few years into their careers as devs, and they have positions in companies that I would love to work for one day, and that's a great sign. I'm a little over a month out of the bootcamp, and just accepted a full time job as a software engineer in Boston, which I'm thrilled to start. If you have more questions, or want to chat over coffee, I'm more than happy to pay it forward -- find me on linkedIn at linkedin.com/in/vmcasbarro.Read Less",general-assembly
"I already work as a designer and just needed to learn a bit more about UX. Just wanted to let others know that I enrolled in their part time 10 week course and found it quite useful. Of course this is not a comprehensive career switching course and only... Read More provides a good starting point (you will need to do much more in the future on your own or through other programs), but it provides good basic knowledge about the field and skills needed.I do not regret enrolling and think that the course helped me get a boost in my design career. Not life-changing, but the course is pretty good.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have to admit that I did not know what to expect, I had read reviews of this place online and it seemed very good, and I decided to simply take a leap of faith with it. Now, i can't even get started explaining how amazing this experience was, the place... Read More is great, and the group i shared the course was fantastic, but the teachers... just fascinating! Engaging and insightful. Give it a try, take a leap of faith, you won't regret it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have to say that I’m disappointed with the program. I expected a more professional approach from an institution like GA, especially given the cost and the effort I put into it.My experience at GA doesn’t justify the cost of this program (around $200/session).... Read More There are courses online much better structured, with more practice and better documentation for a fraction of the price.To clarify what I understand as good an effective learning experience, let me lay out what I expected:•	Pre class work: provide documentation about the topic before the class, so students can be prepared. It’d improve the understanding of the material, reduce the time the instructor has to spend explaining it, and give us the opportunity to have questions ready.•	Post class work: for the whole course we are going to have only 3 exercises. If I know something about coding, it’s that the only way to learn it is practicing. We need more exercises, more getting our hands dirty, more feedback… •	Documentation: I expected to get good documentation to follow during the course, which also I could use as a reference in the future. A Jupyter workbook is not the right tool for presenting learning material. Every time I tried to find something, I had to navigate through different quite long workbooks. For each line of code I have questions, I need between 2 to 7 minutes to find the answer. That we are learning python doesn’t mean that the material should be in python.As a summary, I went from being very excited about the program to feel that I overpayed for something I could have done online.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended the part time UI/ UX course in Singapore. Each week for 10weeks, I will spend 2 hours in-class and about an hour to do remote online learning before attending the class.Why do I say it's not quite worth the price you pay for:1. 2 hours of in-class... Read More is not enough time to go through all the in-class activity they prepare for. There is not enough time to share learnings or debate with your classmates which is where the value should be. Unfortunately, and very typical Singaporean school style, it's about giving you the right answers and the end. If in class activity is not complete, they tell you to do it as homework but it's not debrief in subsequent class. 2. The pre read is interesting and I learnt quite a bit but it's really just an amalgamation of online materials that you could easily have gotten a hold off from some UX blog enthusiast who likes to share information. The in-class slides then just adds on to what you have read remotely and not much additional insights is given. So what's the value of in class? This leads to point no.33. The lecturer comes from the a design background in the Defense Industry. Which means his actual experience knowledge that is ""shareable"" (if not we will have to be shot) is very limited because pretty much everything in the Defense Industry is confidential. So maybe the experience would have been more worth it if we had someone who had more ""shareable"" depth of experience. I did give feedback which they solicit weekly post each class and explicitly asked for more solid real life experiences to elaborate on theories but unfortunately nothing was done about it. 4. To make UX theories meaningful, they had created a fictional design problem to apply the theories too. This was powerful because it allowed for interaction in the class, group activities and sharing of ideas which added a lot of positive learning in the class. however as the class progressed, the design problem was too frivolous to allow for the newer theories to apply to. in fact, the design statement no longer applied and it was dropped completely. what would have been helpful is to see the design problem being tackled from beginning of the 10 weeks till the end, with accompanying research, iterations, low to high fidelity prototypes (aka a GA created final project they expect out of students). But nope, they only had previous years participants work which don't add much meaning when you are already pressed for time to complete your own project. 5. Lastly, it is very obvious they recylce the slides used in the in-class presentation. Which is not an issue in itself but it's the fact that they cannot update the information in it (like dates and links) to make it relevant and applicable. If you pay so much, this be a hygiene factor. 6. In the last three classes, instead of getting coaching in front of the class so there is learning from your classmates, they ask you to spend time to work on your own project on a software (that you are learning for the first time to use). Given in class sessions are so precious, it would be more meaningful if the clinic is intentional in sharing ideas and learning rather than ad-hoc q&amp;a and DIYIn class sharing and discussions of application of theories, synthesis of research findings and learning from mistakes is the real value for a part time course that includes in-class portions. It is the tipping point between an ok course to one that is exceptional and worth your money.So is it worth it to attend the part-time UX course in GA in Singapore? The answer is no, you are better off doing your own googling information, bumble about the result of your research and learn how to do prototypes through youtube. You might learn way more.Read Less",general-assembly
"Overall it’s a good course to give intro to UX Design. I have a product design background and I wanted to get more familiar with the digital aspect of it and the tools that are used. I’d say only 20% of the material was new for me. So if you have some... Read More experience with design and processes, this may not be the course for you. There is a lot to cover in one week. I think expanding the accelerated course to 2 weeks is better. So there is enough time to review and do the assignments.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course content was nothing more than could be obtained for a fraction of the price on various sites: exclusively lectures that provided a very broad overview of JS and various flavors (jQuery, APIs, React, etc.) but never got into depth with any of... Read More them. The scope would have been excusable, but there was none of the interaction/cooperation with peers or the instructor that I expected from an in-person class. Additionally, the little homework that was assigned was barely graded and the only “project” was something that the instructor loosely defined as “anything that can prove you learned something from this class.”Short version: look elsewhere for a cheaper introduction to JS.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took this course because I'm looking to switch careers and dive in digital marketing, and I'm very glad I did. Our instructor, Terry, was organized, professional, knowledgable, and gave us a clear look into how to use digital marketing skills from many... Read More different fields. Our class was a diverse group of individuals from around the country with career changers like myself, small-business owners/entrepreneurs, experienced marketers, and real estate agents. Terry was able to make all of the ideas applicable to each of our situations. As a class, we were able to bond in a very short amount of time and give great feedback to one another, network, and give advice when going forward. My one caveat was that it was extremely fast-paced because it was only a week long and there is a lot of work to do. Given my schedule this was the time that worked best for me, so if you do plan on doing this course make sure that you can devote the proper amount of time to learn fully. I would recommend this course and Terry to anyone who wanted to better understand Digital Marketing.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:Terry the instructor was organized, patient and helpful. I went in wanting a structured way of delivering impactful results to my marketing campaigns and I’m happy to share that that’s what I got! The process was explanined in such a way that I really... Read More feel like I can tackle any marketing challenge effectively and efficiently. It’s also a great way to network and meet other marketers in big and small organizations that are in your shoes too!Cons: I don’t really have any cons.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros- you learn an incredible amount in a short timeCons- not parent friendly. I’m a single parent and I moved and paid a lot to attend this program. The support I needed as a parent was only minimally provided. I had to get special permission to even... Read More bring my, very well behaved 9 year old, in the building, in the evening after class; and that was withdrawn with no warning for no given reason. Instructors had met my daughter and all ok’d her even attending class with me, however the district management decided that she was not even allowed in the building, even for meetings hosted by other companies. Also other children are frequently in the building, and I asked permission for every time. Apparently I would have done better if I’d just brought her and not asked.Second, I picked this program for the career support after. So far I’m not seeing the kind of support I expected.Read Less",general-assembly
"The pros are that you can come away with a good introductory understanding of programming and you have a better idea of what you need to learn. I started with no background in programming and I struggled but the instructors were terrific and eventually... Read More I was able to see the light. For me there are no cons, I would repeat it.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: a) The staff was tremendously helpful and seemed to have dedicated a large amount of time to help get the course running in a smooth fashion, since it was the first time GA was offering it.b) The format in which the students interact with the instructors... Read More and fellow classmates through Zoom video chatting was very smooth and did allow for a more ""real"" class experience. c) Help was available to all those who needed it at reasonable times outside of class, appointments easily being set up with the instructor of your choice. d) The class environment was not a boring extended lecture, allowing for questions and including interactive class activities to get immediate practice in learned material.e) The final project which was a culmination of all that was learned throughout the course is personally my favorite part. It's extremely satisfying to see what you have coded working the way you want it to. In addition it provides a good review for the concepts and the programming language learned, which would go dead otherwise.Neutral:It's important to note that this was the first time GA provided this course and therefore will be more prone to mistakes and misunderstandings.Cons:a) Naturally any course that is not in-person is going to lack a certain amount of comfortability with, and getting to know, your classmates/teachers.b) The intro to the course was very rough. The learning curve required for those who have no experience in programming before was pretty great. This might be fixed in future courses. c) The intro to the Pandas library was also very difficult (Although to be fair, quite enjoyable once I had gotten the hang of it). Explanation as to how the functions work was also too much, too fast, and missing information. Some of the work necessary for this part was to look it up on google outside of class.Read Less",general-assembly
"Took the Digital Mkt program, and loved it! Highly recommended!",general-assembly
I took javascript development at general assembly with instructor joe keohan. The passion Joe has for his craft was infectious and made learning javascript a lot easier than it looks.,general-assembly
"There's definitely some pros and cons to this course, most of them being pros. It a good course for those new to UX. You get a good, basic knowledge of what it is and the process you should take. They also give you plenty of articles and other helpful... Read More tools to look at after the course is complete which is nice. One of things I would have liked to have seen is written feedback per assignment/project. While you had the video 1:1 with a your mentor, it was hard to reflect back on since my notes were often partial comments and such. There was also a lot of grammar issues? Also, I think some of their content is outdated as well, so that made learning software like Sketch and InVision a lot more time consuming than I thought. Overall, I'd recommend the course to someone new in the field who may not have time to do the in-person classes, but for someone who's making a career change into UX immediately after taking the course, I want definitely recommend doing the onsite classes they offer, since those go into much more detail and you're able to collaborate.Read Less",general-assembly
"This is quite long, but if you’re on the edge of doing a bootcamp or you don’t know which bootcamp to choose, General Assembly is fantastic and here’s why!I’ll first start off by saying General Assembly ‘s WDI cohort is no walk in the park. This is something... Read More you have to completely dedicate 3 months to during and even after class hours. For the first 6 weeks of this course, it’s just drilling infomation and building a foundation for the 2nd half. The emotional rollercoaster you and your classmates will endure is pretty crazy, but I promise if you keep working at it, you will be so glad you did. The 2nd half of this course is where things start to get really fun (not saying the first half isn’t). I say that because that’s when the labs and homeworks begin to fade and projects/ portfolio time steps up. This is the time where the things you’re working on and completing, turn out to be the showcase of your work to employers. You get to do a group project and it’s actually very fun to see everyone’s skills within coding all work together. When I was first introduced to the group project I was skeptical because of how different coding styles can be an issue and I didn’t wanna butt heads with anyone, but it turned out to be one of the coolest projects. You guys will pick each other up when one person is struggling and that goes for everyone! They give you a small prompt for your projects, so you can literally build whatever you want. Towards the end you start realizing your strong and “not so strong” skills, and I suggest doing a project with your “not so strong” language just to help you practice. I struggled with React, so I decided to make my final project a React front end, and it helped me tremendously. I’ll finish by saying this, you’re going to get out what you put in. I busted my butt for 3 months doing everything I could to understand every piece of material, and I couldn’t be happier with the outcome. It’s not easy but I promise when you submit that last project, it’s so rewarding.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great opportunity to learn Python programming. I entered as a beginner with 0 previous experience and found that I was able to follow along easily. The work is broken out into manageable pieces so it's definitely possible to work full time and still take... Read More the class. Also, it's a cool way to meet other people with common interests and learn from peers!Read Less",general-assembly
"I rather enjoyed my experience at General Assembly. I thought the coursework was relevant and I do adequately prepared for a junior designer role. I believe everyone's experience can differ depending on the make up of the cohort. I felt lucky that our... Read More class got along during class time, but also spent time outside of class to bond. The 10 weeks will speed by so I recommend anyone coming into the program to clear schedules and make time to dedicate themselves. The class is 40 hours a week and you're expected to put in 10-20 more hours on top to finish assignments. You get what you put in to the course. I loved every minute of it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the 10 week part time Front End Web Development course on-site in the NYC campus. As a UI/ UX designer I work with front-end developers on a daily basis, but I did not know anything about coding myself. I took this course to become more savvy communicating... Read More with and QAing my developer's work. I learned far more than I ever thought I would out of a program like this, thanks to our INCREDIBLE instructor Chandler Moisen. He cared so much for his students and even offered a free workshop on a weekend out of his own spare time to teach us more material not covered in the curriculum. The speed of the course is extremely fast but every part of what we learned was crucial, and I feel confident enough in my skills that I now am considering taking on basic development clients in addition to my normal design clients. I can't speak to the other instructors / courses here, but I would recommend my experience to anyone, at any level of experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"This class was a great option for my schedule and an added bonus that I could do it remotely online. The course curriculum was interesting, engaging, and challenging. The size of the class was quite large which at times felt impersonal, and sometimes... Read More it was hard to balance having two instructors (plus a TA) with differing teaching styles. I also wish that we could have presented our projects to professionals other than our instructors for more critical feedback. Overall I think it was a great and thorough introduction into User Experience Design. If you know that you, for sure, want to be a UX Designer then I would look at the immersive courses, but for someone like me who isn't totally wanting to put all my eggs in the UX basket, this course was a great supplement for my professional development.Read Less",general-assembly
"I came into the Data Science Immersive program with basically no experience in any facet of Data Science. I had never taken a statistics class in high school or college and I had taught myself a little bit of SQL and Python before the course began. I... Read More also didn't really have any ""real work"" experience, as I had gotten my Bachelor's degree in Music Performance and had been a professional musician for several years after college. THANKFULLY I convinced myself to take the leap into the world of data science and sign up for the GA Data Science Immersive. It was difficult. As it should be. To be successful with this program (or anything else for that matter), it requires a LOT of hard work. But GA gives you all of the resources that you could ever need to help you be successful.My in-class instructor was absolutely amazing. She was extremely knowledgable about the material and very helpful when I had problems with my code or trouble understanding concepts. She also frequently led our class in discussions about the material or even concepts outside the scope of the class. I really think that these discussions were instrumental in getting my understanding to a level where I could intelligently discuss any data science concept in an interview setting. Our global instructors were all wonderful. They're all incredibly intelligent and very willing to listen to feedback. They also do a phenomenal job of building a curriculum that simultaneously maximizes what you're able to learn in 12-weeks and makes sure that you have enough time to conceptually understand each lesson. The outcomes team was also huge for me. Again, coming from a background with little professional experience, their help with my resume, cover letters, interview prep, etc...greatly contributed to my job placement.Bottom line, I would ABSOLUTELY recommend GA to anyone looking to make a career change or just add some skills to their repertoire. However, be prepared to work your butt off and make the most out of it. I was thankfully able to get a job as a Data Scientist at a great company that I'm excited to grow with after just a few months.Read Less",general-assembly
"First I'd like to say that the facilities, facilities support staff and the instructors were great. They made you feel welcome. I have to say that the Product Management accelerated program went way too fast for me to be able to retain the information.... Read More There's just so much information to learn that the instructor has to fly by the material.Read Less",general-assembly
"I went to GA to get more organized instruction in web development and to learn JavaScript.I accomplished that goal.The Instructors that I hade, Jason, Steve, Celeste, Lauren and Ana were absolutely incredible. They were respectful, fun and engaging. I... Read More have a tendency to fall asleep in classroom settings and I never felt that way.I think the course is greatly dictated by who you have in the class to learn with you. I observed some other classes and the camraderie wasn't very good so they tended to hate the class. In our class we made a commitment to learn from eachother, to help people who were struggling, give each other pull requests etc. and I met people who will be my brothers and sisters for life.Read Less",general-assembly
"For the amount I paid for this course, I definitely feel scammed. I have to say I could have learned elsewhere for free or for much less. The promise they make of assisting you to get a job after finishing the course is a complete sham. I followed every... Read More single step the outcomes team tells you and 5 months later, no jobs. They don't teach you how to think like a programmer they just teach you how to copy and paste and that will not get you a job. If you are thinking about joining General Assembly. DO NOT do it. You're better off taking Udemy classes (I've learned more with udemy that with GA) and use the money to pay for your own living expenses for 3 months and learn on your own.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the part-time data science course (10 weeks, 2 nights per week).Pros:- worked well with my full-time work schedule- convenient location- good instructor; knowledgeable and available to help- pretty decent material; could go deeper tho- covers relevant... Read More ML topics like supervised and unsupervised, regression, classification, and clustering- covers important algorithms and one of the most popular ML libraries, scikit-learn- goes into background on stats- homework is challenging, but not overwhelming and not too much for a full-time professional with kids and a commute- you do come out of the course with a portfolio of work that you can use / show a prospective employerCons:- the material didn't go deep enough into ML topics; only covered some of the basic algos and didn't go very deep in to many of them and their limitations and best use cases.- nearly the first half of the course was remedial python and stats. I could see including the stats, but probably the python and the data visualization material should be separate classes that could be purchased as a package or even maybe required as a prerequisite for those who can't test out of it.- the material doesn't provide a clear methodology for ML projects in the real world. It does give you some idea of what a real project looks like, but it leaves you a bit confused in some areas. There should be more reinforcement of good process and methodology.All in all, I'd recommend the course. For the money and the 10 week commitment, I think it's the best option if you're not ready to drop $90k on a master's.Read Less",general-assembly
"pros: free coffeecons: The instructor was often disrespectful and would make fun of foreign student accents, show lack of patience or inappriopriate humour.During projects, he would just go out to the hairdresser or disappear, and sigh when we ask questions.... Read MoreThe content of the curriculum was ok, but would not be explained in details. If you want to learn to code, then learn it beforehand...At times, the teacher was showing a clear lack of mastery of the languages he was supposed to teach, being corrected by students on several occasions. Courses were lacking a clear structure.They would spend more time telling you off if you run 2' late rather than making sure you understand it all... Also, there is a pressure as they pretend they are supposed to be your future reference for employer which adds some tension.If you say you don't understand, they will get rid of you and just say ""You will understand later and this is absolutely normal"".Don’t expect any support from the Program Team either who will reply that this formula has worked perfectly for the previous cohorts.Finally, the outcome team would stress you out so much about job search and provide minimum support, spending time correcting insipid details from your CV and expecting you to standardize your portfolio to fit the mold. Apart from that, I acquired new skills like searching on google and learning on my own.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly does a fantastic job packaging all the information out there into a well thought out course-flow and career workshops. That being said, you will really only get out of General Assembly what you put into it. While it's possible to do the... Read More bare minimum to pass, and you may land a software job with that, to reach your fullest potential it will be on you to utilize every resource they give you. At every project, there's potential to go above and beyond. At every lesson, there are extra practices and readings. If you are willing to bust your butt (50+ hours a week), your reward will be high. For example, my salary jumped $32,000 by following every single word my career coaches and instructors told me in addition to working overtime on projects. My criticism will be that if you are already self-taught, some parts might feel slow for you. This is paired with instructors giving you challenge problems, but be forewarned if you know a good bit going in it might not be the challenge you are expecting. No doubt you will learn a lot, but the course is very much designed for people who have rarely touched code before. I highly recommend this program if you are someone who will sky-rocket when given the tools to excel.Read Less",general-assembly
"Good basic understanding of the core UX principles and methodologies. It is up to you to dig deeper into areas that interest you. You'll get opportunities to try out the toolkits given to you. It is up to you to put in how much ever effort you want to.... Read More The course material dispersion could be more organized. Lecture notes are mostly only uploaded after the lecture. I prefer writing notes directly on the lecture material than having to separate them. Our course was a bit disrupted due to the sudden resignation of the instructor. From there onwards, the structure was not consistent and schedules were a bit messy.Read Less",general-assembly
"This program is quite a thing to be a part of. They get you rolling from the ground up with the skills you will need to become a web developer. The exposure to the every day tools and techniques that a developer uses are all part of the curriculum. Then... Read More of course there is the Outcomes Team, which help you every step of the way with your career skills, both soft and hard, resume building, networking and also your job search itself. If your thinking of trying a new career path and are worried it is too difficult then this is the way to go, you will not be dissapointed.Read Less",general-assembly
ProsQuality informationGreat learning placeGood instructors very informative and supportiveConsAt times going to attend class sometimes can be hard with full time work but as said above due to good environment you want to go.,general-assembly
"Pros:You're exposed to a wide swath of Data Science Subjects.The instructors really care about feedback, and are subject matter expertsLots of hands-on labs and projects so that doing things like data preparation, exploratory data analysis, and model... Read More fitting become reflexes!Great Outcomes supportFriendly, supportive, convivial atmosphereCons:It can be a bit slow at first if you're already a strong coder.Interesting topics related to big data (Spark, Hadoop, AWS) are touched upon cursorily or not at all.Read Less",general-assembly
"I thought this was a great course with very good instructors. I’ve worked on product at Prehype prior to coming in to this course - and it was very helpful to fill in my knowledge of product management across the board.The sessions have taught components... Read More but also lots of interactive sessions with collaboration - which really helps to sink in the product management curriculum being taught. The instructors we had in particular - Dave Lynman and Nick Villani are both great, very approachable, make concepts easy to relate to and are available pre-and-post sessions as well as on Slack.I would highly recommend this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm 6 business days removed from the course and I have an onsite interview with Amazon on 10 days after I graduated for a Designer Role. I am going through a recruiting agency but it was the resume rebuild that the outcomes program helped me with and... Read More my portfolio that was also designed in class that helped set me up. I received some prep info from the recruiting agency; after hearing what the company is looking for, I am confident that I have learned the skills needed from taking UXDI course. The next step is the interview process and making sure that I articulate my process clearly, something that is also taught as part of the immersive course. GA stresses so much how important networking is, and through networking is how I was able to get this onsite interview, I didn't wait till after I was done with the course before networking. I started early and told friends, family and anyone else who asked ""what are you up to these days"" about how I was going to a design school and where I wanted to be after. So when this role became available, a friend of mine contacted me and told me they have a opening for the role. Granted I didn't get hired or had the onsite yet, what happened here alone is a testament to how important networking is and that is why GA stresses it so much. *Disclosure* I'm a very optimistic person, trying to find the lessons in every thing negative that happens so take that into consideration when reading my reviews. About the school itself, I had a great experience attending the course. I made new friends with talented people that I still keep in contact with. I was fortunate enough to be able to take time away from working so I can fully immerse myself into the course. I understand that there are bills that need to be paid but it is also a huge load of stress of your shoulders if you don't have to worry about working at the same time since the immersive course is a 9-5 kind of thing, I usually stayed a bit later and some days till 8pm when they kick me out working on projects and other things. The instructor we had was very knowledgable and experienced, he was able to answer every question we had in a manner that he didn't just hand us the answer, but asked thought provoking questions that would lead us to the answer. Theres an instructor assistant who was also very knowledgeable and welcome as well that we were able to bounce ideas off of. Their feedback was also constructive and provided valuable insight. They're not here to hold your hand but they will support you when and where they can. Some other benefits is that you could attend any workshop that was hosted at GA for free, and there was also a hackathon at the end of the program. It was a great experience working under pressure with people you've never met before. I feel like I benefitted from this course a lot and that it set me up to make the transition into the design field. The amount of work you put is what you'll get out of it to be honest, if you decide to put in as little as possible then of course you're going to benefit as little as possible. As RW3 would say, ""the separation is in the preparation!"" If you plan on taking this course, my advice is do everything as early as possible! If my resume wasn't ready to go right after I graduated then I wouldn't have been able to send it to the recruiter for my interview thats coming up. I also decided to code my own website using boot strap so that was a learning curve and took some time to polish as well (I'm still not done polishing it) but I started 2 weeks before class ended. The only con I have is that its tough to schedule a time with the Outcomes Person. Theres only 1 person for Seattle and she's awesome but getting that individual help takes some time. When I realized that this was going to become an issue, I started scheduling multiple 1on1s with her way ahead of time. Good Luck!Read Less",general-assembly
"I absolutely loved the course and the instructors who taught it. It's challenging and a long 10 weeks, but totally worth the grind and enjoyable at the same time. I feel confident in what I know after graduating and am excited about working in the field... Read More of UX. There are things I wish I knew in advance so I could have prepared better for my time at GA, though. I would have still chose to spend the money and take the leap, but I would have been in a better position had I known. First, the prework is time consuming. They are all over the board when they guess at how many hours it will take - somewhere it says 30, another 40, somewhere else 50. The reality is there are parts you can't rush through, because it involves setting up interviews, finding people to test, etc. I had planned to have no distractions for the 10 weeks of the course, but was unprepared for balancing the rest of my work and personal life with the prework material. You also need to understand that they recommend having at least 5 projects in your portfolio when applying for jobs. You do 4 projects in the course, one of which is the first week of class - most people are not going to put that in a portfolio. That means you probably won't be applying for jobs until several weeks after graduation, while you polish your portfolio and add another project to it. There's also not many events or occasions to engage anyone from the industry. They put on a great career day, but it's only that one day. Lastly, the length it may take to get a job seems to lengthen throughout the course. In the beginning they said 6-8 weeks. Then it was 6-8 weeks minimum. Then it was best case 8 weeks, but very likely 4 months. I would have planned differently if I knew all of this beforehand. Overall, I am thrilled with what I learned and so happy I took the course at GA. Awesome experience, great campus environment, and amazing teachers. Please don't let this review dissuade you - it is just meant to allow you to take better advantage of the course if you decide to go through it.Read Less",general-assembly
"While parts of this course were more review for me, overall I did get some good experience with how best to present data and learned how to extract data with SQL Queries. Overall, I highly recommend this course for anyone who is trying to get into data... Read More analytics or could use some training to level up in their current position.Read Less",general-assembly
"Going in, I had a lot of skepticism. How was I supposed to learn about User Experience Design in a week's time? I considered the regular 10-week course, but opted for the accelerated 1-week remote course to expedite my learning experience. And I have... Read More to say that I was surprised. The instructor took his time explaining things thoroughly and explicitly enough for the class to digest the information. The supplemental coursework online helped tremendously as well. General Assembly was recommended to be by peers and friends who have gone through some of the courses and landed jobs in their respective fields as a result. I will continue that trend and also recommend to anyone who is on the fence about taking a remote online course or anyone who simply wants to expand their skillset and knowledge of User Experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"Jarrett has created a wonderful course in UX. The pace was lively but never overwhelming, and it kept me and my classmates all working closely to create our projects. The course itself is a broad overview into UX theory and skills, with heavy emphasis... Read More on doing as learning. Jarrett would talk us through a problem or theory, and then provide time to practice the skill in question before regrouping to talk through issues and solutions. By the end of the course, we'd gone through a standard iterative UX process and created high-fidelity working prototypes, along with a presentation walking through the thought process that resulted in the product.  The remote atmosphere didn't feel like an impediment at all-- clever use of video conferencing and Slack made sure we were all on the same page and communicating in real time. I particularly liked that we were often split into ""small groups""-- video chats of 3 or 4 people-- during work time, which allowed us to ask questions of eachother and get feedback seamlessly.Overall, while the course was quite expensive (I'm not sure I would have been able to attend without the support of my company), it provided strong foundations in UX and I feel prepared to create projects independently as I move forward in my career.Read Less",general-assembly
This course is jam packed with excellent resources and teaching to get you up to speed on all things digital marketing trends in 10 weeks. The online format worked really well and I was very impressed with how smoothly it ran. The group was small enough... Read More that you could get to know our classmates and the classes contained interactive break out sessions which really enhanced the learning. Pre-session there is a great online portal packed with easy to follow pre-work and great downloads then post session the instructors shared the slides which included lots of extra links for delving deeper. The quality of the content and materials provided really is excellent! The instructors are friendly industry experts who made the course really enjoyable and offered great support and feedback. It was an intense 10 weeks but I really loved it and am already putting my new skills into practice!Read Less,general-assembly
"Pros: a sound historical backing, continuous syllabus revision, good corporate culture, great outcomes team.Cons: lack of cultural awareness for BME and their route into tech, lack of offering of catalyst financial programs.",general-assembly
"The course was great. An ideal set of content, not groundbreaking but all very useful. With support from some really qualified Teaching assistants, you got a lot of one to one time if you needed it. Enjoyed my week!",general-assembly
"Pros: Compact time frame; value-add just gets better and better as the course progresses; learning material and topics are varied, current &amp; practical; project work allows immediate application of new tools and skills; guest speakers from within the profession... Read More provide great insights and up-to-date information on the industry; feedback is very constructive and aids development; course instructor very capable and engaging; team environment of GA and class is positive and provides opportunities to build connections.Cons: Short amount of time to deeply embed new software tools and gain more confidence with the applications; enormous amount of material covered in a few weeks so probably need to do quite a lot of review post-course to retain knowledge; no ""free=space"" for illness or other unexpected life events.Read Less",general-assembly
"Coming from a purely traditional (non-digital) environment, I wanted to get a glimpse into the Digital Marketing world. My purpose was to see how it is done at the very basic level and I got to experience and learn (not only from my instructor but from... Read More classmates and guest speakers) that in the most interesting way. The demonstration of how it works in real life was the piece that really got me thinking of the possibilities, not just from the professional space but also on a personal level. Engaging your audience or customers in this digital world certainly is unique. I took some key learning and am certainly applying to work and also to my ""hobbies"".Read Less",general-assembly
"I recommend studying up on JavaScript, CSS, and HTML before taking this course, yet if you are a fast learning and have extra time. You should do fine. The staff at GA are resourceful and always helping students reach their goals. Great staff, nice environment,... Read More and a fascinating course. Top notch!Read Less",general-assembly
"If you are a designer or have taken basic courses of html, css, or javascript you will do fine. If you are someone that is completely new with html, css, and javascript you will struggle and I don't recommend you taking the course. You will thank me for... Read More telling you this as I'm trying to let you know before you give a chunk of the money away. The course moves relatively fast so if you have at least a basic understanding of these items prior to the course you will do better. As you will use this course to fill holes and gaps that you couldn't do while learning alone. This is what happened with me. I am so glad I spent the time to learn for free on my own to then come to this class to ask the proper questions and to cement the learning. Otherwise I think I would've struggled quite a bit. I saw someone who was a newbie struggle a lot and eventually was so behind from everyone they couldn't continue the course. Depending on the teacher, the students and what kind of person you are will determine your success. There is a lot of pair programming and pair discussions, so you will learn from each other. The problem with this is however you might learn to do something incorrectly if the teacher hasn't taught the proper way or the other person is telling you how to do something but its actually wrong. I noticed this while doing pair programming that the guy I was paired with knew somethings but wasn't clear about others that I had to either ask or correct it on my own. So its like the blind leading the blind while learning. The teacher expects your partner or people you sit with to help you but if you are slow you will struggle to help others or if someone is slower than you, they will hold you behind in the class. The teacher needs to identify this right away who should sit with who to help who if you are expected to get the best out of the class. At some point I felt the teacher was just disengaged to teaching that she relied on us helping each other. Like I was expected to help my slow partner that I eventually thought it was best to sit away from this person. We were just not at the same level of learning. I was spending too much time trying to constantly get this person to be on the same page rather than me learning and understanding the new concepts. I saw myself falling a bit behind by doing pair programming. I felt the teacher will allow you to swim quite a bit before offering any advice to help you. Like you should've used dev tools or googled. You might not know what to google or what you googled had too many different ways to identify the best way. If your teacher is doing a lot of this you will question the purpose of the class and why you need to be paying to google in class yourself. Some times I found the instructions unclear and I needed to ask and ask for clarification. They do a lecture, and then ask you to try to do it on your own right away in class. Normally although it made sense, doing it and executing it wasn't so easy only after showing you one or two examples. Practicing outside of class will help you better, so know you will spend a good amount of outside time to do hw, like a day or two. Its very hard to do when you have work and I was dead tired on days I had to work and go to night class. Honestly if I didn't have to work I really think it would've been ideal to suggest an out of class meetup to do hw together, I just couldn't offer the time cuz I had none to spare. I do advise that you try to do all the bonus hw, it will push you to learn more on your own.  I was empowered to learn more from this class and I felt towards the end I didn't think the teacher was useful in teaching anymore as I was able to figure things out on my own. If you are someone that understands things quickly and able to do this on your own, you don't need this class. If you just need a shove to practice what you learned, this will do it for you. If you are new and need tons of handholding, you will not like this class. Fyi there is no job support for taking the part time courses as I was told again and again. Also no job boards.Read Less",general-assembly
"If you are a designer or have taken basic courses of html, css, or javascript you will do fine. If you are someone that is completely new with html, css, and javascript you will struggle and I don't recommend you taking the course. You will thank me for... Read More telling you this as I'm trying to let you know before you give a chunk of the money away. The course moves relatively fast so if you have at least a basic understanding of these items prior to the course you will do better. As you will use this course to fill holes and gaps that you couldn't do while learning alone. This is what happened with me. I am so glad I spent the time to learn for free on my own to then come to this class to ask the proper questions and to cement the learning. Otherwise I think would've struggled quite a bit. Depending on the teacher, the students and what kind of person you are will determine your success. There is a lot of pair programming and pair discussions, so you will learn from each other. The problem with this is however you might learn to do something incorrectly if the teacher hasn't taught the proper way or the other person is telling you how to do something but its actually wrong. I noticed this while doing pair programming that the guy I was paired with knew somethings but wasn't clear about others that I had to either ask or correct it on my own. So its like the blind leading the blind while learning. The teacher expects your partner or people you sit with to help you but if you are slow you will struggle to help others or if someone is slower than you, they will hold you behind in the class. The teacher needs to identify this right away who should sit with who to help who if you are expected to get the best out of the class. Also when the teacher needs to step in and explain somethings further. I felt the teacher will allow you to swim quite a bit before offering any advice to help you. Like you should've used dev tools or googled. You might not know what to google or what you googled had too many different ways to identify the best way. Some times I found the instructions unclear, like asking me to replicate something in bootstrap but the other request wasn't in bootstrap so that wasted my time looking in bootstrap because it doesn't exist. They do a lecture, and then ask you to try to do it on your own right away. Normally although it made sense, doing it and executing it wasn't so easy only after showing you one or two examples. Practicing outside of class will help you better, so know you will spend a good amount of outside time to do hw. Its very hard to do when you have work and I was dead tired on days I had to work and go to night class. Honestly if I didn't have to work I really think it would've been ideal to suggest an out of class meetup to do hw to together, I just couldn't offer the time cuz I had none to spare. I do advise that you try to do all the bonus hw, it will push you to learn more on your own. At some point I felt the teacher was just disengaged to teaching that she relied on us helping each other. I was empowered to learn more from this class and I felt towards the end I didn't think the teacher was useful in teaching anymore as I was able to figure things out on my own. Fyi there is no job support for taking the part time courses as I was told again and again. Also no job boards.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:- Very interesting insights into what the main role of product management is at tech company- There is a final project that you do throughout the course - you have to pitch a product / start up idea with a full pitch deck. I found this really insightful... Read More and helped me truly practice PM skills- The teacher, Ryan, was really insightful, had great experience and was very helpful with questionsCons:- You don't really learn any ""hard"" skills, though i'm not sure how relevant this is for PM- There is no follow up course to help you keep working on what you learned during the courseRead Less",general-assembly
"Imposter syndrome was very real when I first joined the LA Mayor's Office as a data strategist. I was an advertiser who turned data practitioner through a few professional adventures so all of my data experience was learned through on-the-job training... Read More and a painful sequence of ""sink or swim"" data scenarios. Then one day I went to the Intro to Data Analytics. Then I attended some of the free events. Then the Excel classes, the weekend bootcamps, and eventually the part-time Data Analytics course. Now, after 2 years of taking ownership over my education and using General Assembly as the main source of curriculum and knowledge, I earned a promotion into a very data-centric leadership role with a salary 30% higher than my prior job.Read Less",general-assembly
"This cohort was a great experience. It allowed me to focus on a particular set of technologies and gain a better understanding of those. In my past i have been spread across multiple technologies or stacks and never gained a great deal of proficiency... Read More in them The curriculum is spot on, the pace can be a little fast at times but it was totally workable and worth it.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course is for anyone who wants to improves their skills in excel, learn basic functions in SQL and Tableau. I came in with some knowledge in excel and SQL but it was new material to some of my classmates. My class cohort consisted of only 5 people... Read More so the instructor was able to answer all of our questions. The downside to this is that we would spend too much time on basic concepts since some of my classmates were inexperienced and needed additional clarifications. Although I did learn a few new things, I felt that we did not have time to go in depth with the concepts as I was expecting. A recommendation is to have a beginner and an intermediate for the Data Analytic course.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros:Good interaction with people Basic InformationCons:Not enough PracticeMaterial is there but you're not really putting it into practiceYou can get this same material from free online tutorials,general-assembly
"The course covered 9 weeks of classes every Monday and Wednesday out of the SF location. It covered excel for the first 3 weeks, SQL the next 3 weeks, and Tableau the final 3 weeks. There's a project associated with each section of the class and it's... Read More a blend of in-person slides / presentations, weekly HW, and section projects. I liked the blend of each to reinforce the concepts that were being presented in the classroom.Read Less",general-assembly
"I went into GA's data science program hoping to gain a deeper understanding of coding in python and statistics in general, and was mildly interested in the modeling applications of python. The course went into most of python's basics, but kind of brushed... Read More over the stats portion. Most of the python and stats background was in service of the modeling portion at the latter half of the course. You do end up learning how to model, but they don't go into the mathematical mechanics of how the models work very much. They mostly go: 'input your X and Y into a function, linear algebra magic happens, and you get your model!'. That's fine to teach how to do the modeling, but I like having a deeper understanding of how the processes I am using are working. Feels like a lot of this course is taught at a middle school/high school level in terms of math, which I guess allows more people to get into modeling, but it doesn't allow for deeper understanding.This was our instructor's first time teaching a GA course so he wasn't the most efficient teacher. Clearly a knowledgeable guy, but not great at time management. We ended up missing out on a good chunk of material for the first month of the course because he couldn't time his course content all that well. Still, he was good at explaining the various concepts we had to learn, it's just annoying that we spent thousands of dollars on a course where we were guinea pigs for the guy who was still earning how to teach. Maybe he should have been supervised by another GA teacher the first few weeks to make sure things flowed okay time-wise.We had a regular noise incident where construction would occur in the floor directly above us. This involved power tools, hammering, and other random noises that occurred though a good portion of the night that made it extremely difficult to focus. I am especially sensitive to sound so this was really difficult for me. I had to just get up and leave one class because I could not even hear myself think. That floor was not part of GA's floor so they didn't have complete control over it, but I'm surprised GA's staff didn't push them harder to stop work during class hours.Overall, the course teaches what they say they will, just not at the depth that I wanted. Instructors were okay, but maybe not at the level I expected for the price of admission. And the construction noises were just... you know when you pay as much as we did you expect a quality learning environment, and that is not what we got. In hindsight I wish I had gone with another program. Not that this one is terrible, it just didn't exactly meet expectations. It is also pretty draining to sit in a class for 3 hours straight two nights a week. I would prefer we had met 4 or 5 nights a week for less time so we can learn about this stuff without falling asleep after working a 8-10 hour day at work. Overall, not worth unless you can get this paid for by your company.Read Less",general-assembly
"I learnt more about UX design in the 6 day course than I ever could’ve imagined. The staff were all incredibly useful and supportive and they kept me engaged throughout the whole course. I’ve come away from my week here, inspired to not only develop myself... Read More as a designer at work but to also embrace my creativity outside of the workplace.Read Less",general-assembly
This course is great for anyone looking to manage a product in a corporate setting or create a new product/start a new company! You will get the most out of the class by bringing a product idea to the class for your final project.,general-assembly
"I attended General Assembly part time data science course in Summer of 2018 in NYC. The instructors and content is great. If you're interested in Data Science, Machine Learning and understanding how that works for predictive analytics &amp; analysis, this... Read More course is for you. However, I strongly suggest you study some Python before taking the class. I had 3-4 months of self taught experience beforehand which was EXTREMELY valuable versus some classmates that had no programming experience before. While GA does do some programming core concepts in their pre-work they have you do, this course is not meant to be an introduction to programming course.Overall a great introduction to machine learning and data science in Python, but have some Python experience beforehand! I recommend the Complete Python Bootcamp from Udemy (https://goo.gl/gtPGYg) and Dataquest (https://www.dataquest.io/dashboard)Read Less",general-assembly
"The course addresses all the aspects of the Product Management job, mixing techniques, frameworks and theory. The instructors are very experienced and didactic. I guess I was expecting going deeper into some subjects like surveys and presentation skills,... Read More but the depth was just OK because of the short period (1 week) of the course. The tips and cases related to job interviews and the PM market in SF were very helpful.Read Less",general-assembly
"Content: In sum, the course gives you a good foundation in conducting early UX research, turning that into prototypes, and validating those prototypes. I had some product background before, but was never responsible for the UX piece, nor UI wireframing,... Read More so this really helped me get up to speed there. Instruction: Instructor provided a good mix of the theory and personal experience to bring the course to life, and offered good 1:1 feedback during the course. Delivery: Really impressed with how smooth the remote course was. Small group video conference + slack channel worked great. Instructor would regularly put is in ""breakout"" rooms alone or in teams to do activities or work on our projects. This worked really well to keep things engaging.Read Less",general-assembly
"I had a very positive experience as a student of General Assembly's Web Development Immersive. I came from no computer science background, and am doing a career transition out of the military in my mid-20s. I am in a unique position as I am using this... Read More course as a springboard into business school, and not full time employment. I still think I can offer some valuable feedback to the course. Pros:Cohort was about 15 students. Strong collaborative culture. As students, we ate lunch together just about every day and enjoyed good conversation outside of the hard work we were doing.We had two excellent instructors who struck a good balance between us learning how to solve our own problems without wasting our time banging our heads against intractable problems. The technology stacks we focused on (HTML / CSS / Javascript / Mongo / Express / React / Node / Python / Postgres / Django / etc.) were all tremendously relevant and we got to apply them in our own projects. I learned the most through the projects and through through collaborating with fellow students. Learning how to learn, what questions to ask - I now feel like the only thing between me and conquering a new language or technology or project is the time invested to learn. Cons:If I had to pick a con, I would say that some of the career outcomes work (called Outcomes) had some issues with organization and communication at times. Utilizing Github there was sometimes a disconnect between the request and submission of documents for review, like a resume or cover letter. The fact that I mention this small thing should be an indication of how well run the program is overall.General Assembly gives you everything you need - you have to drive the car at the end of the day. I could not be more satisfied with my experience and hope to leverage what I have learned to pursue software technology entrepreneurship.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros only -- from frontline staff, to instructors, GA provided all the tools, frameworks, methodologies, industry know-how to jumpstart my career as a Digital Marketing consultant.",general-assembly
I completed my web development immersive course with General Assembly. Mornings at GA were always interactive following up with daily stand ups which involved challenges faced by each individual during projects or homework. This Web development immersive... Read More course was set in Agile environment followed by the interactive lessons throughout the course to overcome any issues and kept up-to-date with the latest technologies and current demand in market. The course is quite challenging and fast-paced as I had to build all projects in one week time-frame which developed my personality in ways I did not imagine. I am now ready more than ever to accept whatever challenges come in my way. The instructor and teacher are very helpful. I definitely recommend taking up the course with General assembly.Read Less,general-assembly
"I have nothing but high praise for the General Assembly Digital Marketing course. I took the ten-week one. It was challenging, taught by very knowledgeable instructors and focusing on the most up-to-date methods and disciplines. The GA support staff is... Read More amazing and helpful. Fellow students are engaging and motivated. I strongly recommend their course!Read Less",general-assembly
"The Data Science part-time course covered a reasonable amount of material, although not as much as I expected, but often did so at breakneck speed. No feedback was received from the instructor, only the assistant, and it was minimal. The final project... Read More presentations were cancelled because of an unforeseeable event (steam pipe explosion) but it is now almost two weeks after the class was scheduled to end and I have still not received feedback on the project or a certificate of completion.Pros - decent meeting space, some free meals, exposure to the world of data science, good pre-course prepCons - too expensive ($4K) for what was delivered, material covered too quickly, minimal feedback on projects/homework, Python instruction not in-depth.Read Less",general-assembly
"I would say our cohort had a very unique experience, being a cohort of mostly career switchers, we all came in with different mindsets and attitudes, as we are leaving some of use have a uniform way of looking at the design world. This course and I’ll... Read More specifically credit the instructors were able to convinces us to see it all as the real world from the get go. They also gave us guidance in accordance. I am beyond grateful for the overall experience of learning and becoming.Read Less",general-assembly
"I left the class feeling comfortable exploring new projects with my new skill set. The instructors were able to break down complex subjects and set a good pace of learning. Looking back we learned the entire process of building a data product: defining... Read More a goal, preparing/ selecting the data, picking the appropriate features, tuning the models, to finally picking the best model for the goal based on metric accuracies.Read Less",general-assembly
"Good Kickstart into UX Joey Hua Toronto • July 18, 2018 GRADUATED FROM UX &amp; PRODUCT DESIGN Overall: 5 out of 5 Instructors: 4 stars Curriculum: 5 stars Job Assistance: 4 stars So if you're here, I'm guessing you're thinking about a career in UX design.... Read More I've done my research before deciding to enroll in the full time Bitmaker UX &amp; Product Design course, so I've been there. Something a lot of people told me about the course was ""You get what you put in"", and I'm going to tell you the same. Speaking candidly, UX is competitive and you need to know that this is what you want, and be hungry enough to chase the dream. At the time, I was making a huge career shift and had already taken the first steps into UX design by self-teaching the basics. Admittedly, I was a little skeptical at the beginning of the course. A lot of the material being taught were things I had already read/studied on my own, but it meant I was on the right track. This course is a good start into the world of UX, but be prepared to read books on your own time and keep up with all the design happenings in the world. In terms of job assistance, a lot of schools will try to sell you on their support. The career coach will be there to provide helpful guidance and counselling but they will not/are not responsible for finding you a job. Our coach was very energetic and it was clear that she only wished the best for the students. The instructors are knowledgable but hands-off. There is no micromanaging. In the beginning, I was a little surprised by how much freedom the instructors gave us. Having been a university student, I was familiar with more rules and restrictions. This was different; when lost, the approach was to figure it out and learn along the way. Instructors are there to be a beam of support should you need feedback and field knowledge. It was difficult at first, but something you will have to adjust to. After all, UX is not a field for the stagnant. One thing, was that our cohort had multiple instructors which sometimes created a disconnect between the lectures. However, the atmosphere and treatment from staff was informal and genuine (which was nice). That's it. Good luck on your search. If you enroll in the UX design course at Bitmaker with the right expectations and mindset, it will be worth it. TL;DR; Good intro course for UX design, but be prepared to self-study and learn outside of school. Genuine and friendly staff and atmosphere. Set the right expectations and mindset going in, everything else will fall into place with hard work.Read Less",general-assembly
"Attending this program has to be one of the best things I've ever done. I enjoyes the classes, the environment, teachers, and most importantly the work and lessons themselves. I'm very happy to have taken this opportunity and I am continuing to code even... Read More after the classes have ended.Read Less",general-assembly
I came to GA as a graphic designer and left with the skills to become a web developer. I feel that this course has provided me with all the tools I need to succeed.,general-assembly
I thoroughly enjoyed the program at Bitmaker General Assembly. The 10-week part time course was the perfect additional to current skill-set as a graphic designer. The course was paced really well and the instructors were very approachable and understanding... Read More of our issues. The content covered was excellent as well. I definitely recommend this class if you're a designer like myself who wants to add user experience as part of their skill set. Ultimately the course is about what you bring to it. If you're willing to put the time and effort into it you're going to get a lot out of it.Read Less,general-assembly
"Very comprehensive and well-paced class. I have project management experience and this class really helped enforce a clear framework for clear decision making and action as a PRODUCT manager, as well as a rundown of all terms one needs to know.",general-assembly
"I took UXPD in Fall 2017 and loved it. I highly recommend taking a full-time course and not part-time as it allows you to be 100% present in the UX environment – your brain will start speaking UX whether you like it or not :) In my class we had something... Read More around 20 students and every day there was one lead instructor and 2-3 teaching assistants, that work in the industry, so any minute you need help – you get it. As a highlight of this review, I want to mention career coaching at Bitmaker. I had no idea that it was a part of the curriculum! Every week we had 1-1,5 hour group session with Alyx (career coach) where she shared strategies, approach, exercises and gave us tons of confidence. On top of that, there are personal sessions that give you the ability to analyze what you’ve been doing and what’s missing. Plus Bitmaker has a strong alumni support with webinars and meetups.Read Less",general-assembly
"This course was very in-depth and detailed. I was already familiar with UX in my career but this was a great refresher course with new tips and tricks. And ultimately the camaraderie of classmates for feedback and testing plus the opportunity to expand... Read More your network are always worth it. The staff were super friendly, helpful, and cool. They were true teachers in every sense of the word. I highly recommend this course as well as this school to anyone interested in personal and career development.Read Less",general-assembly
"Iv e been wanting to learn JavaScript for a while but I didnt know where to start. Instead of taking a ""cheap"" course off Udemy, I thought that by taking a more organized course, I would get better , more detailed information. I was under the assumption... Read More that you get what you pay for (I was wrong).The course is still teaching pre ES6. For example, they taught declaring with VAR without even mentioning ""let"" or ""const"". I didnt know this was out dated at the time but when I did get a course off Udemy and they were using LET and CONST, instead of VAR, I was like ""What is this?"". THis tells me that they hadnt even bothered to update their course to the new standards. I refer to the lessons as a Power Point presentation. The lessons are basically a bunch of slides and after maybe 40 slides, there is a challenge using their built in text editor (which is okay, for a built in text editor) Needless to say I did not find this engaging at all and had a hard time focusing on reading slide after slide after slide. It became tedious. In my opinion, this is not a good way to teach and I definitely didnt learn as much as I would have liked. Also, the course taught some Jquery, which I thought was good before I started. I do love Jquery but Ive since learned it is out dated and not in demand near as much as it once was. I guess the one positive thing I could say is that you're supposed to have a mentoring session every week where you could ask questions. Although I did not use this feature after my first meeting. During my first meeting the person was obviously in his home and there were kids running around and he was distracted with yelling at them and then answering my questions then yelling at them some more. They obviously were not taking this seriously so I didnt bother anymore.I sent multiple emails to customer service to cancel and they didnt reply. I dodnt kniw what to make of that so I just continued on with the course (lol). neat the end, I got so fed up and bored with the course, I couldnt even bother logging in, so I didnt complete the last lesson.If you want to take a course on JavaScript but not learn it then this is your course.Cons--lessons are boring-lessons are basically a long power point presentation, each ""slide"" having a paragraph or two of information.-course is out of date-customer service is none existent Pros- think the concept of having a mentor could be goodRead Less",general-assembly
This program because it really touched on all of the subjects that are relevant today. GA does a great job of working on all aspects of a data scientist.,general-assembly
"This class was great for me as I am just now re-entering the marketing industry after a few years in another type of role. It was great to catch up on the massive changes that have happened in the digital world in that time. This course was very hands-on,... Read More practical and applicable. Everything I learned I have been able to take away from the course and apply in my job in the real world. It was very focussed and the instructors were all very helpful and responsive. By the time I finished the 10 weeks, I had put together a marketing campaign that I am now implementing and my work. Great outcome!Read Less",general-assembly
"I had no expectations doing this course, the bear minimum I wanted was to gain an understanding of reading code when I speak with developers for my role. But I actually discovered that my interest grew a lot further than that and I’m actually considering... Read More a career change! It’s a lot of work but if you’re prepared to put in the time outside as well as attending the results are mind blowing. I wished I was able to spend more time but I couldn’t due to health reasons but I will most definitely utilise the skills I have learnt to improve and use the support network. The atmosphere is incredible so if you’re looking for a positive change, then this is a great starting point. GA can open many doors for you if allow it and there are so many courses and free events you’ll be spoilt for choice. I definitely would recommend the part time if you have outside commitments. Great place, I know I have a lot to think about now!Read Less",general-assembly
"I'd always been interested in programming and computer science, but taking another 4-year university degree wasn't an option. After talking to friends who work in tech, I found out about Bitmaker, and decided to quit my job and enroll in the 3-month full-time... Read More web development program. The pace was fast there was a huge amount of material covering all aspects of web development. The lectures were of excellent quality and the knowledgeable and experienced instructors were be available most of the day whenever you needed them. The course teaches you the popular languages and frameworks but the emphasis is on teaching you the skills and tools you need to learn things on your own, reflective of real-life scenarios. Site visits to tech companies and guest lectures provided excellent insights into the industry. Lastly, but probably most importantly, the part of the curriculum focusing on career strategies will teach you all the skills you'd need to find your first development job -- IF you're willing to put in the work! Overall an amazing experience that helped me start a new career as a software developer.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly has a community and energy that I found inspiring from day one. I took Digital Marketing accelerated course and enjoyed the instructor and the class of quality minds and collaborators. In a week, I put together a portfolio that brought... Read More my professional experience together and rounded them out my skill sets, gaining confidence to make my next career move. Everyone there, even outside of class was kind and curious. It was great working in the community room after hours and seeing others ambitiously work and share their experiences. The energy of the community and excitement of learning is definitely part of GA DNA.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA Sydney - User Experience Design - Part-time 10 week programI'm a Graphic Designer and I wanted to transition to User Experience Design, so I enrolled in this course with this in mind.To be honest, as my application wasn't sponsored by any company I... Read More initially thought the course was expensive, but now that I have graduated I think it was completely worth it.I absolutely loved the course. I learned so much in just a couple of weeks. The way the course is structured with the weekly homework and the pre-class reading material makes a lot of sense and it's much easier to understand all the new concepts and methodologies like that.I was also really impressed by the instructors. Any questions that you had were taken seriously, no matter how silly they were. The classes were interactive and full of real life examples, which helped us understand how we can apply everything that we were learning in a future project.I didn't consider this a con, but I think that future students should know this before hand. Students need to invest a lot of hours of their own free time to complete all the homework. Because at a certain point If you're working full time it becomes tricky. Apart from this I really recommend it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I am really glad I did the UX Design Immersive program! I did a lot of informational interviews with past graduates before enrolling in the program. I think that was helpful in terms of expectation setting. I knew the biggest value of the program would... Read More come from the fantastic instructors, the connections we would be able to make in local industry, projects we could display in our portfolio, and the immediate network we would have with the cohort. I was totally satisfied in regards to those thigs. I know there are cheaper ways to go about a pivot such as this, but the immersive experience and the connection with others going through the same process were both really important to me. There are some kinks that they are still working out in terms of on-boarding, curriculum, and career services - but most of that is due to the fact that the program itself is still fairly new and they had just brought on a new career services person (who works really hard to help out all the students and graduates from each immersive program GA offers). I felt like I received everything I needed to prepare me for the career search hustle. I was given concrete tools to work more effeciently in my search. And like others have said, it is important to check your expectations - GA will not place you in a job. But they will give you what you need to engage in that process. I found the landscape to be a slightly difficult for a junior designer. All the more reason a program like this worked for me. It provided me with an opportunity to build relationships with others in the industry and totally dive into this new world. GA and the immersive program is not for everyone. I definitely recommend speaking with graduates and finding out as much as you can given the cost. But it worked for me!Read Less",general-assembly
"Although we cover many of the classic topics for a Web Development Immersive program, the lack of structure and feedback from this class it was quite disappointing. And because of the lack of structure itself it seems difficult for GA to give you an accurate... Read More review of your performance, projects or even daily exercises. The outcome program, on the other hand, got the better part of this review, helping us with 1-1 to improve CV and cover letter style.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have been thinking about transitioning from Marketing to Product Management for awhile, and the 10-week course at General Assembly had been recommended to me by someone quite senior at an app development agency. The course was really good-- delivered... Read More by actual Product Managers with a range of professional experience and with a lot of practical experience and not just theory. I'm now job hunting for my first product management job and have had some very productive interviews already.Read Less",general-assembly
"Went with absolutely basic HTML and CSS skills, came out a viable Ruby on Rails developer, with the tools to teach myself and knowledge on how to move forward in the code world.Support for all aspects of the learning experience, as well as support thereafter... Read More in finding work &amp; continued learning experiences.Couldn't recommend this more.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: quick enrollment, smooth delivery online using Github, Zoom and Slack, broad contentCons: no feedback on the final project, no post-program career advice or support, lacks content depth",general-assembly
I really enjoyed the program and the environment. The only thing that had been an issue was losing our instructor and outcomes coach within two weeks of each other. Our TA stepped up and was great. It was a fantastic experience and have already recommended... Read More the program and school to others.Read Less,general-assembly
"GA put together an intensive Data Analytics course that went through Excel, SQL, and Tableau in depth, as well as constructing effective presentations based on insights from data. The projects are hands on and give you a good understanding of each data... Read More tool. I personally have a background in Excel, so that portion of the class was a little slow for me, but the rest of the course really made it worth my time. There is no requirement to have any knowledge of Excel walking into the course, which could be a good thing for some. I think Excel is easy to pick up from tutorials on the internet, so I wish we had spent a little less time learning the fundamentals in Excel and more time on Tableau. Besides that, the teaching was great and they give you whatever help you need. There are a lot of times where the technology is faulty and it disrupts class because the display disconnects, etc. but the teaching in general is very effective. I got a lot out of the course!Read Less",general-assembly
"Denver General Assembly is a smaller, newish GA campus. I believe they're also one of the highest performing in the country. The learning experience was phenomenal, but the culture and networking was above and beyond what I expected. I made lifelong friends... Read More and careerlong contacts during this course. Our instructors were outstanding – genuinely great people who had decades of industry experience and also great teaching skills. We still stay in touch.Our curriculum was cutting edge, incorporating the latest technology and centuries old, tried and true design theories. Industry professionals were woven into our days for panels and talks. We also spent time building our portfolios, working with real clients, and preparing for the job hunt. I know we learned the latest and greatest because I wowed potential employers at all of my interviews with my portfolio.I felt like I was really well prepared for my job search. While most of my cohort found jobs within a month, I took a little longer but fell within my estimate of around 3 months. Career coaching was a priority at GA, and our coach was there to provide support above and beyond, introducing us to channels, people, events, reviewing countless resumé updates, and keeping us in line!HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COURSE!Read Less",general-assembly
"Before GA, I was a graphic designer. I had a terrible job in Florida and decided to move to Colorado to pursue the blossoming tech scene out here. I applied to over 100 jobs and had no luck. I kept getting the response back, ""You don't have enough experience.""... Read More I ran out of money and was forced to get a job as a server at a local restaurant. After a year, I decided to start going to Meetup events. This is how I discovered UX. I decided that this is what I wanted to do; not graphic design. I found GA and realized that I could take out a loan and focus on learning UX full-time. I quit my job and changed my entire life around to pursue this dream. I was able to focus entirely on school, and on my projects. I continued to go to Meetups and met a lot of people in the UX community. GA gave me real connections in the Denver area. One of the most valuable things was the capstone project that we had, where we worked with real clients in the Denver area. During job interviews, potential employers seemed the most interested in that project. Also, it's incredibly helpful to have access to real, in-person teachers. I was able to ask them any question that I had along the way. I also thoroughly enjoyed the group projects. UX is such a social field. I think it's very important to development team and people skills. Potential employers seemed very impressed that I had group projects in my portfolio. These 4 major things: connections to real people in the community, group projects where you are actually physically working with your teammates, teachers that are always available to talk to you in person, and the client project; these are all HUGE advantages to attending GA at a physical location, instead of taking a class online. Also, the quality of the teaching staff was amazing - my two UX teachers and the outcomes advisor are very good at their jobs.On the other hand, I do believe that my background (in graphic design) gave me an advantage over my peers, who were coming from varying backgrounds; everything from a construction worker to a chef. I think that since UX does have such a strong visual component, I had that advantage when applying for jobs.Read Less",general-assembly
"The program is amazingly good. Great instructors and great environment. It's a lot of material to teach and they manage to teach at a good pace.The only thing I would suggest is to focus more on really relevant material. For ex. we spent less than a week... Read More leaning RoR, which is relevant, and 2 days learning Sinatra, in both cases, we didn't spend enough time, but I think Sinatra is not as relevant as RoRRead Less",general-assembly
Pros - met great ppl and friends and learned great tools. Cons - structure was a bit chaotic and some mixed/negative feelings,general-assembly
Pros are the network and boost in education. Cons are the size of the cohort was too large.,general-assembly
"GA is a good source for people who are looking for a career change, but the most challenging part of doing a career change is not your time in GA but after that (the job search). My GA instructors were exceptional! Apart from the study material, knowing... Read More their stories of industrial experience was one of the most beneficial assets to the students. Mock interviews, design challenge trainings and guest speakers, were all very helpful methods for the students. So you as a student get to learn good stuff there within limited time. BUT, GA does not help you getting a job. You need to do that difficult task yourself and that can be very challenging in Seattle Job Market. As far as I know less than 50% of my batch-mates have got jobs in UX. Many hiring managers don't like to see GA projects so better put some real work in your portfolio before you start job hunting. You can freelance or create websites for your friends. So, in the end I'm not really sure if spending so much money is worth it or not. If your previous experience is related to tech or design field chances of you getting a job is a little higher. It was definitely helpful for me, but I can't say about others.Read Less",general-assembly
"All in all a really good experience. Allowed me to be job ready after a mere 3 months. I would say that the level of some of the people in my cohort was at times extremely uneven. I had come into the course completely clueless and it was apparent very... Read More quickly others had not, which felt like a slight mis-sell on the kind of learning environment it was going to be, as it was easy to get left behind at times. I also found that some parts of the curriculum could have been swapped out for more relevant technologies.Read Less",general-assembly
"I decided to do General Assembly after several failed attempts to teach myself programming. I tried reading books—they were usually out of date by the time I was trying to program against them and resulted in a lot of unnecessary and confusing bugs. I... Read More tried signing up for free MOOCs and even paid online courses—I always ended up dropping them after the first evening because I got busy with life and didn’t have anyone holding me accountable. Finally, I found General Assembly - Denver —I had the desire to learn, but they expected me to show up every day and work hard to master this stuff, and it made all the difference. Thanks to 2 fantastic teachers who believed in me, got me excited about working in technology, and helped explain complex JavaScript and web framework concepts piece-by-piece, I mastered the basics of web development in only 3 months! One of the things I appreciated most about the web development course was the scope of the curriculum and how tightly it was aligned to the job search. Before GA, I kept switching around between C# and Python and other languages based on friend’s recommendations, and never got any traction on any of them because I didn’t know what employers were really looking for. GA is very focused on web languages and frameworks and there are a LOT of employers looking for those skills. I was surprised how many web development roles there were once I started looking. The other thing I really liked about GA’s curriculum was the emphasis on projects. Sure, we had daily homework and lessons, but they were all aimed towards helping us succeed during the next project. And we could make whatever we wanted—it was super exciting and motivating to have that level of freedom during school.GA’s #1 priority as a school is to help you land a job at the end. They talk about it when you apply, they talk about it every week during school, and you have constant access to a career coach during your job search. Before you graduate, you’ve taken a professional headshot, targeted your resume, updated your LinkedIn profile, and developed a personal portfolio site that highlights your 4 projects from school. Those tools, combined with some additional networking, interviewing and negotiating salary sessions with my career coach, helped me land a fantastic first gig within 4 months of graduating! And it wasn’t just me—most of the people in my class landed jobs within 3 months of graduating. The only con I can think of is that Denver is a relatively new campus so they are still working out some of their processes. The good news is that gives you a lot of flexibility to pitch in as a student - I decided to put on a hackathon for alums and was able to make it happen. A more established program would probably have had a lot of red tape getting in the way of innovating like that. Also, even though GA’s Denver campus is relatively new, they have the resources of GA generally and are working hard to develop the alumni community. I’m still in touch with several people who graduated in my cohort, and not only are they good resources for networking and discussing issues we’re facing in the industry, they have also become some of my good friends in town!Read Less",general-assembly
"I completed the Web Development Immersive course at General Assembly in Atlanta. The course was amazing, and I am very happy with the skills I developed. The instructors were very knowledgeable and obviously cared very deeply about the students' success.... Read More I always felt very comfortable on campus, and it is in an interesting part of the city. The curriculum presented marketable and relevant technologies in a logically progressive way. The curriculum is very flexible and changes to ensure students graduate with full-stack skills employers want.The pace is challenging, and at times seems insurmountable, but the instructors and classmates help you through it all. I am very, very glad I attended General Assembly.Read Less",general-assembly
After 8 years of non profit work I decided to take a left turn into a career in Tech- the teachers and career coaches not only gave me the skills I needed they also gave me the space to be authentic about who I amas an employee and empowered me to make... Read More the right choices for myself moving forward. I’m currently in a role in Tech and getting hit up by other company’s with more opportunities in Tech on a weekly bases. Thanks to the staff for the intentional work they do to make sure I was prepared.Read Less,general-assembly
"I was skeptical when I enrolled in General Assembly's UX Design Bootcamp. It's an expensive, for-profit, unaccredited educational institution. Those characteristics go against everything I'd been told to look for in an educational pursuit. As a graduate,... Read More I cannot say enough good things about the program, and I am jealous of the cohort currently learning with our phenomenal instructors. The instructors are, without a doubt, the backbone of the course. Our Denver instructors were passionate, supportive, and wealths of knowledge. They not only taught us a tremendous amount but also connected us with the local community and introduced us to awesome organizations. I feel fully prepared entering the world as a *junior* UX designer. I'm eternally grateful to them and the GA staff.All that being said, this is NOT a job placement program; you absolutely have to hustle to get your first job, and no one can or will do that work for you. Our career counselor gave us all of the tools to position us to be the best possible applicants out there (seriously, I feel like I'm a LinkedIn, Meetup, and applicant tracking system guru), but even so, the job search takes time (it can be many months) and starting salaries can be low. I think this is all completely reasonable, and I'd only ask that GA be very upfront about this truth. For me, the course was worth it. I'm happier and more excited about my work and my job than I ever have been, and I'd take the course again in a heartbeat.Read Less",general-assembly
General assembly was great. It was cheaper and shorter then other boot camps in the area and I am currently in the same job as people in other bootcamps. The course was a great experience. It was fairly relevant information for the current job market... Read More and they adjusted the course well to account for any changes in tech and trends.Read Less,general-assembly
"As I was looking into going back to school for web development I had a friend(fellow web dev) help me pick out schools. We looked at what they offered and ultimatley chose GA. The reason I chose GA was for a few reasons.1. They had a great curriculum... Read More that was not too long and not too short. A lot of the other schools are 5-7 months and it was hard to justify and be without work for that long. 3 months was the perfect amount.2. My web dev friend knew other people who went through the program and found success.3. I had 2 personal friends attend GA before me and they both strongly recommend it.The Instructors were very helpful and explained thing really well. They did have to go fast because it was a lot to cover in 3 months, but they did an amazing job. Zeb and Joe are easy to talk to and really help you get to the answer without giving it away.Job Assistance really turned up when they hired Nicole, She works very hard to make connections and network so that we students have better opportunites when we look for jobs. Nicole has made my resume and cover letters look better than they ever have before. She takes the time to speak to everyone and she never stops working because she wants everyone to succeed. I currently have a job, but I still talk to her weekly to stay in touch and push jobs her way for other students.Overall I can't believe how quickly I got up and running in 3 months and was able to secure a job. I could not have done this without GA. Being in the class room, struggling(in a good way) and learning this world was such a great experience. So many doors have opened up because I took the leap to change my career. I can't thank GA and the staff enough!Read Less",general-assembly
"Personally, this 12 weeks has been very fruitful for me. The immersive course give a good grounding and flavor to the world of data science and machine learning. Besides classical machine and statistical learning models, I also get to hands on for some... Read More deep learning techniques. It is also encouraging that the instructor engaged us by coming up with pop quizzes to make the learning more interactive.I would wish that there is an advance level where more focus can be put on deep learning techniques and artificial neural networks. Although not a show stopper, labs and lesson could be better phrase and with no grammatical mistakes.Read Less",general-assembly
"My professors Bobby and Kevin were amazing. They really care about how their students do and covered as much as a 13-week part-time course could cover. At the end, I was super sad that it was all over.",general-assembly
Pros: Very knowledgeable instructor. Lots of content covered and by Saturday it clicked together.Cons:Teachers teaching methods felt abrasive at times. We’re all adults and I felt like a two year old a lot of time. We didn’t get a chance to introduce... Read More ourselves and say what we were hoping to gain from the class. 1/2 a day lecturing and 1/2 a day applying teachings with a partner would have helped things cement more in my mind.Read Less,general-assembly
"I had a fantastic experience at Bitmaker. The staff and instructors are incredibly helpful and engaging, but most importantly they care about your success. Even with some family emergencies, I was able to keep up with the help from Mina and Natalie and... Read More the rest of the TAs. Bitmaker has awesome career support where they conduct workshops and helpful assignments on an almost weekly basis. When you graduate they continue to help with the job search with tools and 1:1 support. The 'Bootcamp' mentality does ring true so make sure you do your research and are ready for the pace. Overall I'm really glad I chose Bitmaker.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took a part time evening course in Front End web development with Bitmaker. I was seeking to refresh, upgrade and learn new things regarding my coding skills. The course met my expectations. I found the atmosphere very encouraging and the instructors... Read More very resourceful. Having an extra resource person on hand to assist if students ran into any difficulty or fell behind the pace of the class for any reason was a great bonus. Additionally, students have access to screencasts of the lectures and the exercises and drills from each class to practice, which is a great plus.Read Less",general-assembly
"My time at Bitmaker was excellent - The staff was incredibly friendly and the instructors really care if you succeed. I was a little behind due to some family emergencies but the instructors found alternate ways to get me up to speed so I could still... Read More reap all the benefits of the classes. Make sure you really understand that this course does ring true when they call it a 'Bootcamp'. The material is taught in a very fast paced way during core learning hours, and they have TA's who come help you with your assignments from 2-6 (or a bit later). I really enjoyed this learning structure as it kept me speaking to my instructors and classmates when I was stuck. Bitmaker also has fantastic career support where the Coach teaches almost every week with workshops and assignments. I was exceptionally nervous about this part as I've never conducted a 'job search' to this extent before. You are able to book 1:1s to go through your progress and questions and there are tools given to help you even after you graduate. Really a great program for those needing help and guidance towards finding a job in a new market. It's nerve-wracking in the beginning to join a bootcamp, but it is well worth it. Fantastic experience and I'm really enjoying my new career as a developer.Read Less",general-assembly
I was really nervous starting this as I am doing this for a career change. The instructors that I had; Evan and Meggan were so helpful and lovely people to deal withThe course notes were shared and communication was easy at GA because they made sure that... Read More they gave you the avenues to be able to ask you for helpThe staff at GA Sydney were really friendly and helpful as wellRead Less,general-assembly
"The UXDI course is really good and helpful, which prepare you to be a UX designer. But you still need to learn more skill outside the class. The UX job market is very competitive.",general-assembly
"A crash-course in all things Digital Marketing! Great formatting and easy-to-understand, teachers are helpful with any issues or questions over the duration of the course. Times are also really convenient (two night classes per week) allows you to be... Read More able to achieve work/study/socialise balance quite well! Would highly recommend for anyone looking to increase their knowledge or for someone who wants all of the information in a quick, simple manner!Read Less",general-assembly
"I would truly recommend this course to anyone wishing to learn more about Digital Marketing! I am 100% satisfied! I was a complete beginner and now that we went through Facebook Ads, Google analytics, Google Ads, E-mail marketing (mailchimp) and many... Read More other tools, I have definitely strengthened my skills. I would even consider a change of career in this field. Go for it without any doubts!Read Less",general-assembly
"You will learn a lot about basic Product Management and the lifecycle of a product. You will be immersed with a project that uses Product Management to define and deliver the project. Lots of interaction available between you and the teacher inside/outside... Read More of class. We even had actual Product Managers come in and speak to getting a job, highlighting your skills in Prod Mgmt, and perfecting your resume and interviews.Not a lot of students, which can be a pro/con. Very limited scope for startups when product management can be a lot broader for enterprise and larger organizations.Read Less",general-assembly
"Bitmaker’s Full Stack Web Development immersion was an excellent program. I was impressed with both the quality of the lessons and the instructors. The course material was very well developed and the instructors were enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and always... Read More there to lend a hand. Job search support was amazing. I learned how to brand myself, how to network, and how to interview. Be prepared that it can take 3-6 months after finishing to get a job. It took me 6 months, but they helped every step of the way.Read Less",general-assembly
"During my time in the tech industry, I was introduced to UX Design and the idea of “design thinking” and decided to explore it further. I am a problem solver and love working to understand how customers shop and knew I wanted to be a part of enhancing... Read More the overall user experience. I chose to transition my career and enroll in the User Experience Design Immersive at General Assembly. This program provided me with the skills needed to launch my career into UX Design. It challenged me to execute both individual and group design projects that were effective and engaging.Pros:Small class settingWell structured with lecture and labSupportive communityReview all UX processes and practice executingWork on 4 hypothetical projects and 1 project with a real-world clientExcellent facilityGreat network of industry professionalsCareer counseling is availableCons:It's 10 weeks full-time, so it is very fast-paced and can be overwhelming at timesYou get out as much as you put in- if you just do what's expected you will have a harder time finding a job (you should try to go above and beyond)The cohort had a few students that became a disruption- GA needs to vet students a bit betterThe group projects can be challenging at times, especially if paired with someone who doesn't pull their own weightOverall, taking this course has been one of the best decisions I've made for my career. It was extremely challenging and rewarding and I would choose to do it all over again if I had to. If you're looking to transition your career into UX, I highly recommend the User Experience Design Immersive at General Assembly.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course I have attended was a 10-week digital marketing course which I believe is one of the most intensive among other courses you can take in GA! I had been working in an overseas owned e-commerce company as a purchasing staff for over 5 years and... Read More I witnessed how online shopping became more accepted and trusted among Hong Kong consumers during my tenure. However, I just didn't have the knowledge about how this works. At the same time I also felt that I have reached a career plateau in which I was doing the same and repetitive tasks at work. So I went on Googling different short courses of digital marketing, hoping to familiarize myself with this area before I decide to switch career field, then of course I stumbled on GA. I didn't swipe my credit card immediately for a course, it was a rather and quite informed decision, and turns out to be one that I didn't regret. I first attended a free event hosted by GA in which a few speakers share their insight of digital marketing trend in Hong Kong. One of the speakers later became my course instructor, her name is Tina. Among the professional speakers there was someone from HSBC Hong Kong headquarter too, to show how GA is well-trusted enough to have these people as guest speakers for them. After the event I actually talked to Tina and I personally felt that she is a genuine person and is also well experienced in this field. (I have to say first impression is important and when you can meet your instructor even before the course starts, it makes a difference!) After that event I decided to give GA a chance. GA's course is not cheap but well worth it! In the first class they set you up with GA intranet login from which you can download or preview the course slides, do pre-class homework online and upload your answers. You can basically do these paperlessly or even when you are on your way to work in the morning. There is also a chat app for students to raise questions outside of the class hours, making it a wall-less classroom. The learning material that my instructor, Tina had prepared include class slides of descriptive content, graphs illustration, and some extra reading sources; there is also mini homework such as reading assignment and a few questions in each. In each class there are lots of technical demonstration and hands-on guidance, with the chance to ask questions and help. Lastly there is a final presentation project as a chance to demonstrate how much you have learned, and you can base the project on your real job assignment too! Taking this course with GA you won't have to worry about whether the course content is rich enough to weigh the worth of the course fee, you rather have to worry about not having enough time to digest the intensive yet practical teaching you receive in each class. So actually halfway through the course I was hired by a trading company of which the boss was eager to expand his business on an e-commerce shopping website. From every assignment to the final project of this course, everything in it prepared me to know how to fulfill my boss's business plan. I could even make suggestions to him when he was unsure how to approach! If anyone is looking for digital marketing course I surely recommend GA, for it doesn't throw you fast-food style learning but a fulfilling learning experience which you can practically apply onto your workplace.Read Less",general-assembly
"The class is a pretty big investment. But well organized and executed. The work is taken seriously and the students are taken seriously. It was a lot of work. But I enjoyed it and feel I gained a good overview of what user experience is about. We went... Read More through the major steps and processes of designing a digital product - research, user flows, site maps, wireframes - and spent time in class on small projects that used the skills we learned. It's a good balance which forces you to think and act in ways that expand your understanding and stretch your abilities. And there is a recognition that you most likely want to apply these skills to a new job or new career. So there are tips and encouragement. I also have a strong portfolio piece and some practice presenting my work. When I took the course I was imagining that, as a graphic designer with experience designing websites, I would gain some new skills and be more marketable. I think I am now more pitched toward a bigger change.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA in UXD provides me in-depth learning and best practices in UXD industry particular in design thinking and design process. My practitioner, Alvin Loh is helpful and answer all our questions as details as possible. As of now, I can be very sure I'm better... Read More prepared when I'm conducting UX process or workshop.Read Less",general-assembly
"The online Javascript course was advertised as suited for intermediate level programmers, however, in reality the cohort for the class had a mix of beginners and intermediate coders, as a result we ended up being either too fast for the beginners or too... Read More slow for those with experience. The instructors were great and did their best as an impossible task of keeping everyone happy. This would have been great if we had a similarly experienced cohort. Waste of money!Read Less",general-assembly
"The Pros- It was a great primer for learning the process of UX design. - We had a great instructor.- The hands-on nature of being in a real facility really helped. I've taken an online course that wasn't sufficient. UX is usually a group activity.The... Read More Cons - The facility (WeWork) wasn't optimal. There was always events that made it too noisy. You never knew how to get to the room. We were kicked out for chair storage during SXSW.- We didn't always get the class materials we needed–like handouts and Post-Its.- The course materials and articles we were supposed to read were often from five years or more ago, which is an eternity in Internet years.- Having good examples of deliverables is really important. I feel like those could be improved.Read Less",general-assembly
I loved this course! It was only 8 weeks (it went by fast) so if you're short on time or live a busy life this can easily fit into your schedule. We had 3 professors co-teaching this course for us which also means 3 people available to help when you need... Read More it I'd briefly took graphic design in undergrad so I was pretty much a beginner and I'm much more comfortable after taking this class.. I won't do a rundown of the material because it's all outlined in the syllabus and they definitely stick to it. I will say that if you plan on using Sketch for this course and you don't already have it... GA offers a discount code but apply for it early because Sketch takes a while to get back to you. Next step coding!Read Less,general-assembly
"I was a seasoned wealth management professional who wanted to pivot into fintech. I chose to attend Bitmakter's web development bootcamp because I believed it was the missing knowledge bridge that I needed in order to crack into the industry. Fast forward... Read More 9 months, I am extremely glad and grateful that I made that decision. Bitmaker's web development course is a 12 weeks full-time immersive program that runs from 10 am to 6 pm Monday to Friday, with the morning session being lecture and the afternoon session being work/project time. The syllabus covers a wide range of topics including front-end, back-end, testing, version control, as well as other best practices. The initial 10 weeks of intensive learning and practice, which Bitmaker emphasize a lot, paved way to the final 2 weeks where students are required to build a final project that put everything together. I find this final project experience extremely valuable because it allows students a glimpse into how development teams collaborate in real life, thus preparing them for their future work environment. On top of the training, Bitmaker has a great team of professionals who are always there to support the students. From the extremely knowledgeable instructors to the caring and supporting career coach to the friendly staff, students would always find themselves being welcomed in the Bitmaker community. Thank you, Bitmaker, for empowering me to a new fulfilling career.Read Less",general-assembly
"quality of the curriculum:I took the online JavaScript Circuit. The curriculum covered quite a lot of information in a progressive fashion. The course covers JavaScript, JQuery, APIs and Deployment. The delivery of information in easy to digest chunks... Read More of information was very helpful, as were the coding exercises with helpful hints after each section. This new JavaScript knowledge has opened a whole new world to me that works hand in hand with my HTML/CSS, visual design and UX design skills. I would highly recommend the course.instructors:The weekly 1:1 online meetings were very positive. My mentor was extremely helpful. When I had questions and difficulties with the final project, another mentor was very helpful, answering emails promptly and setting up an online meeting to give some assistance.cons: I was new to JavaScript and there was so much material presented at once. So, even though I was able to follow and understand the material and the logic most of the way through, by the end of the course it became difficult to be successful with the deployment coding. I ended with a project that is not fully functioning. I just finished the course and I still have some time with email access to mentors, so hopefully this will be resolved.Read Less",general-assembly
"The only issue I had was when I couldn't book my 1:1 sessions with my mentors. Other than that, everything else was great, I loved how easily the course was able to get rolling. The mentors were very understanding, very knowledgeable, and cared about... Read More our progress. The material was straightforward for the most part and every bump/discrepancy was easily taken care of throughout the process. Overall, a great experience and I'd do it again.Read Less",general-assembly
"Taught me enough to feel confident. The location is fantastic, the instruction was top-notch and the job assistance was great. GA got me in the door at a Fortune 20 company and due to the many other qualified students from GA already working at the company... Read More was able to land the job as a Software Engineer. Would emphatically choose GA again. In fact, I'm considering taking some time off to go to GA again for the Data Science Immersive to add that to my skills.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm so glad I found this class! I took this class to broaden my skillset and explore whether or not UX would be a good career choice for me. Our teacher had a great deal of experience in the field, plus he brought in several guest speakers to dive deeper... Read More into specific topics. Every class focused on an aspect of UX design, and the curriculum was incredibly thorough. We ended up with a polished final project to potentially use as a portfolio piece. Overall, this really was a great experience; GA puts together a very collaborative environment that's focused on students' growth.Read Less",general-assembly
"The biggest con is probably the dollar amount on the price tag. It's pricey. (There's financial aid available). Having completed the program, I can say it felt worth it. The 10 week in the UXDI course at Santa Monica provided me with:- instructors who... Read More are industry experts (and super encouraging sweethearts!)- practical projects to exercise my skills- $500 credit to apply to attend their workshops and seminars (good for up to a year)- a real-world client in need of my UX skills that served as my first UX work experience- an amazing network of people including my cohort, my teachers, guest speakers, and (through following the encouragement of my Outcomes Coach, students from prior cohorts and UX professionals at industry events)- my Outcomes Coach, who is constantly looking for ways to improve the Outcomes program, which already provided instruction and hands-on help with resume-building, cover-letter-writing, interviewing, negotiating and whiteboarding design challenges. - a meet and greet event that gave me the opportunity to start conversations with recruiters, employers, and other talent acquisition, who were all looking for UX designers.Also:- GA swag- occasional free food- a kitchen to keep and make my food (really vital as I was commuting 1.5 hours to get there) - whiteboards, whiteboards everywhere. I love whiteboards now.Additionally, I can relocate to any city where there is a GA and benefit from their job support.This may be a pro or con depending on your perspective, but the program is very fast-paced, especially for the first two-part project that you are working on solo. After this, your next two design challenge projects are in groups and, while the time-frame is more manageable because the work is spread across the group, it's still pretty tight. One of your projects (right before the final project with a real-world client) will be to create your portfolio, which was a major reason for me to enroll. There's pre-work! This is a bit rough if you're not familiar with using image editing software, or CSS, or HTML. But it's designed to get your feet wet before the program starts so you have a bit of a head start on the learning process. Do all the pre-work (it's mandatory), but DON'T STRESS about the pre-work. The materials I received at the time made it sound more do-or-die than it was, and this step could use a little more finessing from GA.Bottomline: I would do it again.Read Less",general-assembly
"The pros of General Assembly UXDI is you get to expand your network. The downside is that they don’t tell you how much free work ur expected to do just for the experience. Also there’s a huge lie about the UX industry, which is that there’s absolutely... Read More no demand or room for Jr Uxers, they only want u with 5 years of experience that they don’t wanna pay you for. If ur trying to get out of a shitty industry like service, this will not get you out fasterRead Less",general-assembly
"I took the part-time 10-week UX Design course, which meets twice a week with each class being 2 hours long. It's pretty fast-paced since you are trying to learn all the basic processes for ux design in just 10 weeks. For each class, there are in-class... Read More activities to get you to apply the lessons for the day, and homework gets increasingly more intense as you progress through the course. I think you get as much out of the course as you put in work. Through the whole duration of the course, you're learning and applying the research, wireframing, and design skills that contribute towards your final presentation. There is also a team project towards the end of the course which helped me prepare for my final presentation in terms of framing the presentation deck and delivery. There are definitely moments that get really challenging to juggle homework if you have a full-time job, but in the end, I got so much out of it and it made me want to pursue a UX Design career in the near future.Read Less",general-assembly
Had a great time learning current industry standard UX skills in solving problems. Collaborated with many skilled classmates and found the teachers real life experience and examples extremely valuble.,general-assembly
"I really liked meeting new people, sharing work battles and throwing ideas around. Everyone comes from a different background and has a different perspective on things so this was invaluable to tap in to. Committing to attending added another level of... Read More investment from my point of view.If anything, I wish the course had gone on longer and took a deeper dive into each component of the course. being able to work on multiple projects would also have been good, so I could have set up a real-world work-based project.Read Less",general-assembly
"good: some great instructors, some merely ok ones, who know what they're talking about and course content seemed market-relevant at the time i completed itbad/awful/terrible: afterwards job help &amp;support. I was dumped and forgotten about because i had... Read More life &amp; health circumstances come up that prevented me from applying immediately, so they kicked me to hte curb and that's pretty much the extent of the help i received when I was ready to start applyingRead Less",general-assembly
"I attended the three-month Data Science bootcamp at General Assembly in DC last summer. My experience was overwhelmingly positive, and I find myself recommending it highly pretty often. From the beginning of the prework through the end of the program,... Read More I went from not knowing a single thing about data science or machine learning to being able to intelligently and efficiently work my way through a data science task. I still had (and have) a lot to learn, but the program put me in a great place to do that. Prior to the course, I hadn't had any experience programming either. The course was well planned, the instructors were knowledgeable and helpful, and the structure enabled us to absorb and incorporate the material very well. Personally, nothing helps me learn like a project deadline, so the focus on learning by creating projects was incredibly helpful. One of my projects ultimately got me a job too!As far as the Outcomes process goes, it was tough for me. It depends on your history, but I didn't yet have a Bachelor's Degree and only had a year of prior work experience. Having more extensive work experience will definitely help your narrative, but it is possible to succeed even without it. It will take lots of work, and it will be a fairly emotionally draining time. The General Assembly Outcomes team was very helpful, was always willing to help when I asked for it, and was knowledgeable enough to give me the direction I needed. There were time when I just wished they would get me a job - they won't do that. But they were there to help and support when I asked for it. Think of it like a college career office - you have to seek them out and take advantage of their resources. If you're looking for someone to take care of you, do your work for you, and get you a job, General Assembly is not that. If you're willing to put in the work to do it yourself, they are a tremendous asset and provide many resources to help you do that. Good luck!Read Less",general-assembly
Pros:Small class sizeDedidacted and knowledgeable instructors.Post-certificate support.Cons:Attendees must manage their expectations.,general-assembly
General assembly was a great experience to learn about how data science applies to real world problems. It was the perfect program to build up my github with interesting projects.,general-assembly
General assembly was a great experience to learn about how data science applies to real world problems. It was the perfect program to build up my github with interesting projects.,general-assembly
This was a great concept and there should be more like this. It doesn’t need to be anything complicated. It’s the right format but needs more marketing and should set a cadence right after the cohort ends.,general-assembly
"If you want to get an excellent overview of the UX process, get your hands dirty solving UX problems, and challenge yourself, you could do a lot worse than enrolling in the User Experience Design Immersive course at General Assembly. I attended the immersive... Read More 10-week course at the GA San Francisco office in Fall 2017. There were a total of 26 students in my class. We had two instructors and a teaching assistant. I felt that the class size was a bit too large, but it was manageable. Over ten weeks, I produced a total of five projects. All lectures were well documented in slide decks that were made available to students for download, to make review easier. The class was very interactive; there was a lot of collaboration with other students. The real work begins after the class ends. Once the 10 weeks is over, students need to get out there and find a job. GA does a great deal to help students find work. They have a team of people who work with them after they complete their course, providing them with career coaching, free workshops, and a program that can provide an individual with the structure they need to seek a job after course completion. As great as all of this is, I've found that most employers want more than what the typical GA UXDI grad can offer. If you complete the UXDI course with no other design or research experience in your background,.be prepared to do some freelance work, attend hackathons, and find independent (unpaid) projects to collaborate on. The projects you create at GA will most likely not be the ones that get you a job (although I've seen some great student work.) Prepare to redesign your portfolio many times. Expect to rewrite case studies entirely. If you are hungry, and you are truly committed to being a UX designer, it will work out for you, but know that your work isn't done when your course at GA ends.Read Less",general-assembly
"The teaching was of a high quality &amp; the class size was small so it was easy to get one on one time with the instructors. The school does a great job of creating a community &amp; network with other students &amp; the staff. Very relaxed atmosphere, conducive... Read More to a positive learning environment.Read Less",general-assembly
"I love the fast paced learning, everyday you learn something new. You're never gonna get that feeling of 'why are we talking about something so simple for 3 days' that you often have at other schools. However, if you can't dedicate the time required you... Read More will struggle. I think the only real con to this course is that more people don't know about it.Read Less",general-assembly
"Having wanted to learn Web Development for years—and having failed to do so in my spare time—I dropped everything and spent my savings to attend General Assembly's Web Development Immersive. The immersive nature of the course helped to make this a turning... Read More point in my life, where I left behind a career that was comfortable for me, but less and less satisfying. Between classroom time and homework, I spent up to 80 hours a week learning the technology. I liken it to holding on for dear life to the rear of a speeding train. Every day, a new subject folded into the tools we were taught. I felt more uncomfortable than most, moving on before feeling I had a firm grasp on the subjects we'd already covered, but that’s the model. Maximum exposure, minimum depth. And it has proved true in the real world of tech that I’m utilizing new tools constantly, and need to skim and integrate on the fly. The curriculum varied depending on the teachers. A second Web Development cohort that ran concurrent with ours had somewhat different scheduling and subjects covered. Since our cohort of around 24 students had 3 teachers, I'd expected more individualized attention than what we got. (Instead, it was an opportunity for the teachers to rotate lectures. Different teachers had different areas of expertise, and the lectures were excellent.) We were often told that this was a pedagogical choice, with the constant refrain, ""Nobody will hold your hand in the real world.” As a person who had spent many years in the “real world,” I found this exasperating. I know that I’m not learning unless I struggle. I also know when I’m not learning because I need a push in the right direction. This was not the real world. It was an expensive one-time opportunity to learn all I could in 12 weeks. Teacher interaction would be a thing that separated the experience from, say, online courses. In the same vein, we were provided a teacher’s assistant for a few hours, 4 nights a week. It was hard to take advantage of this, as the competition for the TA’s attention was overwhelming. Overall, I'm glad I did it. The curriculum was fine, the lectures were interesting, the environment was pleasant, and it served to give me a new direction. But the promise given the night I attended an information session before enrolling—""It's hard, but you won't be struggling alone""—was unfulfilled.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros-Individual attentionEasy videos for key learning pointsHands-on, practical experienceCaring mentors",general-assembly
"I highly recommend GA for Web Development Immersive course for the people that want to do a career change into web development in a short period of time. I have to say that the best way to do this course is by totally committing to it, giving up most... Read More of your weekends to get most out of it. Joel teacher wast the best teacher I ever had. He had extensive knowledge in this field and was very lucky to have him as an instructor, same with the teacher assistants, they were extra helpful . Also Lucy was super helpful with helping what to do after GA, and I really thank her for all her effort she put to help us all in having the job we wanted. Joining GA was one of the best decisions in my life. I could not say anything bad about the whole experience, plus the new campus is great!!!Read Less",general-assembly
"In this 12 weeks course, it covers the wide variety of data science topic. However, I was not very happy with the pace of the course. The instructors go really fast and do not do a very good job of explaining things to students who come from zero programming... Read More and statistic background. Also, this course requires lab submission for each lesson to enhance students to understand the materials better but it is poorly designed and often time the local instructor doesn't even know the right answer and it is very difficult for students who do not have any statistic and programming background. Also, I really did not enjoy how this course have ""global instructors"" basically students sit and watch the skype and interact with slack. It was very difficult to learn this way because when I have a specific question, it is very hard to interact with the ""global instructors"" using slack. This method of teaching style was not engaging at all and often time my campus had a technical difficulty. In addition, you can only book 1:1 meeting with the global instructors for only 15 minutes... Lastly, the outcomes support is horrible... When I asked my outcome advisor to look over my resume and the advisor only said ""its good"" with no concrete feedback and no job support. Overall, I would not recommend paying almost 16k for 3 months of course. Take online courses like Udacity or Udemy.Read Less",general-assembly
General Assembly provided a great course for digital marketers with a seasoned instructor and career professional who really knew digital marketing. We were even given the opportunity to pitch our business idea and get great feedback from industry veterans.... Read More That was quite valuable also and I am grateful that I took their intro to digital marketing course.Read Less,general-assembly
"Very nice!Good place, good teacher, good courses. Also met nice people there, absolutely worth it :)",general-assembly
Pros -- -great study environment-encouraging and non-judgmental instructors (very patient if it's not your strong suit) -hands-on experience-curriculum is well-balanced Cons-very expensive if you're paying on your own (if your company does not offer to... Read More pay)Read Less,general-assembly
"The instructor was very attentive and experienced. Course content was well constructed.However the remote/online learning experience was tough for such class content, due to interaction and and effectiveness on the format of some learning content. Especially... Read More I was prepared for only going to the in-person class, but due to GA's course offering limitation, there's only online option for us in Chicago at that time (Q3 2017).Read Less",general-assembly
"Course: Digital MarketingDuration: 10 weeksObservation: The course consists of a strategic and practical component. As it’s mandatory for all candidates to work with a real company. I was assigned to a company called Pollen + Grace. Even if you’re a digital... Read More marketing ninja, there is a significant amount of ground to cover, in a very short space of time. As I mentioned there is a practical component, you’ll fail if you do not use the recommended tools to achieve whatever objective is set with your client. To maximise the value that you’ll gain from participating in this course. *	I would suggest that you try to familiarise yourself with a couple of the online tools that digital marketers deploy in their roles. *	Although some of the tools that you’ll use are free. To gain access to the full functionality of the tools you may need to pay for a month’s access. So, factor this in.*	Do not just focus on the tactical aspects of digital marketing. You may need to consider deploying a digital marketing strategy on an international basis. How would you develop an international digital marketing strategy, from a technical, and organisational (internal and external teams) perspective? *	If you have access to a digital marketing community, ask experts who are in a role that you’re planning to aim for in the future, for advice on what they would try to gain from a similar course. On completion of the course, I ‘d recommend that you continue to develop your skills. Technology never stands, still, so neither can you. The quality of the course content is on par with that of a master’s degree course. The lectures were exceptional, the environment was intense but friendly. An added bonus is that there are events, with speakers from well-known tech brands. In terms of securing new roles, I do believe that this is an area, that defiantly needs to be improved. However, overall General Assembly exceeded my expectations.Read Less",general-assembly
I started my career in design being an engineer. I always lack details on UX terms and process. I compared many courses available online and found some great feedback online. The syllabus was exactly what I wanted to learn. I decided to go ahead with... Read More this. It was one of the best decision I made to opt for this course. I have learned the whole UX process. This gonna help me in my career for sure.Read Less,general-assembly
"I did a one week accelerated course for Digital Marketing. While I’m not saying that I did not learn anything from the course, I feel that the quality of instruction could have been better.  While the instructor for this accelerated digital marketing... Read More course is knowledgeable and provided a good overview of digital marketing, he is not an expert in all areas of digital marketing. I feel that the course could have benefitted from having additional guest lecturers who are industry experts who can share specific best practices.  For example, for a topic like social media influencer marketing, GA could have asked the Creative Director of an ad agency to come in for 2 hours to explain best practices and share recent case studies on successful influencer marketing campaigns. Our instructor only touched on this area very briefly and most of the time, it was just his opinion on how such influencer marketing campaigns are not effective. I disagree because influencer marketing is still widely used in the industry today and job-seekers applying for marketing jobs are still expected to know how to execute such campaigns.  During the presentation, the instructor emphasized a lot on presentation skills but none of this was touched on during the week. Perhaps we need to dedicate an hour or two to this during the week, especially since doing presentations and pitches are an important part of digital marketing. In addition, a short 1-1 time of 15 minutes during the week might have been helpful for fine tuning our presentations.  With a culmination of all these factors, I feel that I have gained some additional knowledge but my understanding of seeing everything come together in building a marketing campaign still remains rudimentary.  I was ‘upsold’ this course by the Senior Admissions Producer even though I wanted to do the 5-week Digital Marketing Circuit.  The communication before the course began was quite lacking. It was not clear how to access the onboarding pre-reading for the course on Schoology. The links and readings were not placed on Schoology in a way that was easy to click on and the site navigation was not intuitive.   I spent a weekend rushing through the onboarding readings after I found them on the site.  As part of the course requirements, we were instructed to find a real world company for our actual project case study. Again, these instructions were buried on the Schoology site. It was a mad rush that weekend trying to find a suitable company for my case study.  Instructions on Schoology also required students to get access to various platforms (eg Google Analytics for your case study company, Screaming Frog, Optimizely). Neither Optimizely nor Screaming Frog was used during the course. The requirements during onboarding and the actual requirements during the course are not in sync.  The email communication from the Education Programs Producer did not make clear the urgency of getting these requirements before the course began.  During the course itself, the instructor said getting the company for the case study wasn’t mandatory. This was frustrating to hear. As someone who self-funded this course in order to make a career switch, I wanted to get the most value out of the course, and not having an actual case study to work on was detrimental to my learning and the value I got out of the course.  I feel that the course was not a value-for-money experience due to the tardy communication and the gaps in the knowledge of the instructor. It is not a course I would recommend to friends looking to learn more about digital marketing. Read Less",general-assembly
"The course is intense and rewarding at the same time. 5 projects in 10 weeks, and juggling with lessons, seminars, meetups and schoolwork.However, I met friends that stayed beyond the end of the course, and valuable knowledge that helped me where I am... Read More working now. Also, GA has an excellent network of alumni and coursemates where i can seek help from. GA is also helpful in terms of assisting us with our job search and subsidies.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly is a great school for expanding your skillset. I was sponsored by my work to take the part-time UX course. I apply things I learned in my UX course at work and in life daily. Taking this course has truly influenced the way I think about... Read More design and approach problems. The classes are always interesting. I was never bored in class and I always felt that the material was relevant.There were two main negatives to taking the part-time course. The first is that you don't receive direct job assistance from General Assembly like the full time course does. The second is that it can feel like there isn't enough class time to do activities or dive deeply into topics. That being said, I loved the course and am thankful I had the opportunity to take it!Read Less",general-assembly
The course material is good enough for you to find a job as a junior developer but there is hardly any coverage on computer science topics.,general-assembly
"I recently completed a 5-week digital marketing course with GA circuit - it was definitely a great experience. There was a lot of support available including 1 on 1 mentors as well as friendly support staff. I work full time so it was great being able... Read More to learn and complete tasks in my own time - They were very accomdating, as I was able to extend the course for an extra 2 weeks to finish off the units. The units start off basic enough for beginners to get a good grasp of digital marketing, and delve into a lot more depth in later units which was great. For any further learnings, I could easily ask a mentor during my 1 on 1 meetings. Plenty of tutorial videos and images too, which were very interesting and helpful in the learning process. Would definitely recommend.Read Less",general-assembly
"A really well thought out curriculum, the instructors were so fun/engaging/supportive (thanks Catherine and Stephen!) and the campus itself had a really great vibe, relaxed and friendly. Would highly recommend!",general-assembly
"I really loved this course it was taught by Ken Disbennett, Keri O'mara, and Blake Graham... they were all great!! I'm very new to the digital world and they really make the learning process easy! I only wish it was longer.. or offered as a full time.... Read More It's over FAST!Read Less",general-assembly
Very interactive course which keeps the users interested. Only feedback or difficulty I had was when using the prescribed software ( Sketch) which is not supported for Windows machines.,general-assembly
Excellent course with great instructors and a wonderful culture - frequently catch up with classmates and feel they are genuine friends and colleagues.,general-assembly
Excellent course. I knew bits and pieces but this course brought it all together. This course would be fine even if you did not have all the bits and pieces. I loved the check ins to review the assignment. This was the third class I took at GA and look... Read More forward to taking more.Read Less,general-assembly
"It was an expensive class and most of the information was available online through much cheaper online educational options BUT I did meet a lot of people and it does give you a better idea of what will be expected from you if you decide to pursue this... Read More field. The instructor and TA were really helpful and generous with their time. I think it should be clear though that unless you have some sort of related experience or a connection in the industry, this class will NOT prepare you to enter the working world as a UX designer. You will need a lot of practice and research and even then you the learning curve will be huge. This is really a survey class and will help you know if you want to pursue this career path and I'd say not more than that.Read Less",general-assembly
"Getting the skills required to be a full stack developer could take 6 months to a year. However, enrolling in General Assembly's WDI program allows you to acquire those skills in 3 months. The instructors, fellow students, and campus on GA were top notch... Read More and enabled me to be engaged, excited, and learn a vast sum of knowledge with great joy. The cirriculm was upto date with technology in demand, which is no small feat considering how quickly things change, and thorough with students required to devote everything in order to compherend and master the material teached. As with any bootcamp what you put in is what you will get out, but the help/attention from the instructors and other students made life a little bit easier. I cannot reccomend GA enough.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: passionate teachers Cons: no help with your job search,",general-assembly
"They have flexible schedules which was great since I work full time, teacher was very knowledgeable (although sometimes he seemed a bit overwhelmed), assignments were relevant, great networking, could have had some more feedback on my classwork",general-assembly
The UX Design course at General Assembly did exactly what it said on the tin. I learned the UX design process from start to finish (does it ever actually finish or can we refine forever???). It was great to work on a project of my own choice because later... Read More I was able to showcase it in my workplace as an example for future projects. My tutor was relaxed and full of great advice. Cheers guys.Read Less,general-assembly
"My time at General Assembly was great! I participated in the User Experience Immersive course and I felt that it has prepared me for my new career as a UX/UI Designer. The culture is very open and supportive. The staff is always willing to help with any... Read More facilities issues or participate in projects, if you need people for surveys or user testing. The instructors are very knowledgeable and also provide lessons where you can interact and cross-train with other classes, which proves to be very valuable as you will most likely have to interact with teams and people of a similar nature in your future positions. GA is filled with experts available to provide you with premium subject-specific advice, career advice, or just help you out with any problems that you may have outside of GA. Overall, it was a fantastic experience, as I gained a great foundation of skills to begin a new career and a cohort of new friends and colleagues.Read Less",general-assembly
"When I signed up for the class there were a lot of promises made, and after meeting the staff at that time, I felt like they would be very likely to make that happen. However during the course there were many issues: The instructors, while knowledgeable... Read More in the field and highly engaged, were not the best suited to be instructors. After a few weeks one of the instructors was removed from the company and replaced by another more competent teacher. However the fractured lesson plans and lack of single curriculum had already done a number on the learning. They eventually split our cohort into different groups, which led to even less cohesion. During my time in the course the staff turnover rate was so high, that by just a couple months after the program ended there is only one person I even recognize working for GA in Seattle and that was my replacement instructor. Front staff, Job support, and everyone else seems to have jumped ship. I have high hopes this is just a local problem and not one that is company wide.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course was extremely comprehensive and enabling throughout. I really enjoyed learning from Ryan Snelson. If you want to learn the basics and more advanced skills of UX, I would take this class. Personally, I took the course to add technical understanding... Read More and process to my resume, but you can really stretch this course into developing a full portfolio. Like most classes, you get out what you put in, but GA and this class provided all the skills needed to become a full-time UX designer in my opinion and a few classmates have done that. I would highly recommend.Read Less",general-assembly
"We were tested in a way which ensured engagement. We were taught in a clear way. We were looked after in a genuine, compassionate manner. And the thing which really makes it great is that they keep looking after you in way which is actually about getting... Read More you a job.Read Less",general-assembly
"The material was good but the pace of the course was way too slow. Professors were helpful but didn’t go deep into the material. More practice in class is needed to understand better the material. In the end, I don’t feel like I learned more than if I... Read More had read an introductory data analysis book.Read Less",general-assembly
The class was very rudamentary. I was hoping for more of a challenge. The curriculum felt extremely basic. I leveraged the office hours heavily to try and supplement the course material.,general-assembly
"Great content, smart instructors. Pacing of class can be tough to manage given the variety of backgrounds and experience",general-assembly
"If you work hard with no attendance shortage you will get all the support you need. Just follow the course guideline and by the time you finish the course you will have a rough portfolio ready.The course curriculum is really good and it gets updated with... Read More the latest trending technology stack. And the staff is always there to help you and support if you are up-to-date on your assignments, projects etcRead Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly is a great school for expanding your skillset. I was sponsored by my work to take the part-time UX course. I apply things I learned in my UX course at work and in life daily. Taking this course has truly influenced the way I think about... Read More design and approach problems. The classes are always interesting. I was never bored in class and I always felt that the material was relevant.There were two main negatives to taking the part-time course. The first is that you don't receive direct job assistance from General Assembly like the full time course does. The second is that it can feel like there isn't enough class time to do activities or dive deeply into topics. That being said, I loved the course and am thankful I had the opportunity to take it!Read Less",general-assembly
"I had an instructor who was very good at the subject he taught, but as he is not a seasoned instructor, he lacked in ""teaching"" skills. The material the instructor covered was way too advanced and most people had hard time following and some dropped out... Read More during the ""semester"". I think the course is more intermediate and not for beginners.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took this class to see if I could launch a startup based on my idea, StormSensor. So I was a bit on the obsessive side and believed that I had a real product that would solve a real problem.In that course, I met my co-founder. A month after the prgram... Read More ended, we incorporated, and we used what we developed in the class to get into our first accelerator program. Now, almost 3 years later, we're about to close almost a million dollars in funding, our investors include the course instructor and one of our classmates, and our customers are piling up.I suppose I should say that this should not represent a guarantee of anything regarding GA - more the idea that if you have a great idea that is your passion, if you're willing to work your ass off to make it come true, and if you work with your course instructor to really nail down the points he/she wants you to cover, then you have some amazing potential to build something extraordinary with the support that GA provides.Read Less",general-assembly
"What I liked about the program was the following:Breadth of ContentProfessors/TeachersOngoing project to demonstrate a level of proficiencyThe content provided the right amount of depth that allowed me to feel comfortable in an area to discuss. Each class... Read More had links for me to use in the event that I wanted to learn more about a topic. And if I wanted to get more proficient in an area, GA had other courses that I could take.The professors had experience that they brought to the discussion. They also brought in guests to speak about certain topics, like LinkedIn. And, the professors made themselves available before class, after class, or set up time during the week.It was a great experience to have a company project that we were incorporating what we learning. The only challenge during the entire course is the student's ability to do the homework. The homework is a way to take what you learned in class and practice. The professors are very understanding if you need more time but if you don't get the work done, it can be hard to keep up at the next class.Read Less",general-assembly
"The User Experience Design Immersive Program was intensive and covered most of the common practices in the industry, it was more than good to prepare students for the real world experience. I would not say that the modules were completely thorough or... Read More in depth but you could not ask for more from a 10 week program. You have to do a lot of studying at your own time. Having said that, you will not believe what you accomplish in that short span. I enjoyed every bit of it. I enjoyed the pace, I loved the intensity of the course, the speed the programs were planned through the weeks, the culture they have created throughout the campus that made me feel so comfortable with everyone. We learned various techniques, we explored useful resources, we learnt to use multiple softwares, tools and applications. Our instructors were very supportive throughout the program and they guided us every step of the way. Moreover, the experience of being at General Assembly Seattle was amazing. From the moment you walk in that front door; the frontliners, the course producers, the instructors, career coaches and all the other students just make you feel as if you've been running the same race and there is no end to it. Perseverance, Determination, Confidence &amp; Commitment are the tools that will get you through this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I had a great experience at General Assembly. The instructors were really great, both in terms of teaching but also just being available, to help, answer questions, or just chat about the industry, career prospects/future, general tech trends, etc. I... Read More was working full time as a dev within two months of finishing the course.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: it was a fast way to make a complete shift in my career- I worked for non-profits for 10 years before this and didn’t know how I would make the shift I wanted to make and the course gave me the space to think that through. Cons: I could have used... Read More a litttle mire rigger, I am quick to pick up new concepts and could have used more challenge.Read Less",general-assembly
With GA it was really easy to just email or message someone with questions. If I have a hard time finishing an assignment I would just email an instructor for further assistance.,general-assembly
"My course was very interesting and useful. Our instructor is a literally brilliant guy. In my opinion the best thing of this course is opportunity to meet the people from the same ""field"". Thank you guys. Good luck.",general-assembly
"I took the Front-End Web Development course a few years ago, and my experience at General Assembly was subpar. I know a lot of people who swear by and love it, but this wasn’t the case for me. I did meet some really nice people, and our TA was also very... Read More helpful. This class taught me a few things and while I am thankful for that, it was a ton of money, and way too much for what I got out of it. The teacher I had, although very smart and skilled, was not great at teaching beginners.And I will add that this was definitely not a beginners-level class by any means – but it would be a great class for anyone who has a background in or aptitude for coding, or anything computer sci-related. GA should definitely have some sort of pre-requisite coursework for this class, because there was way too much content jammed into this program for a newbie. HTML and CSS should be in their own class, JavaScript in its own. The pace was also too fast, we were given assignments that were extremely challenging and there was not enough time to master the basics.I also feel that we should have been given more time to work on our final project in class, instead we spent our time making card games or nerding out in JavaScript that would stump most developers. I had no interest in game design, I wanted to learn about web design, and the class didn’t approach it from a start-to-finish process. It jumped around.And although my teacher was talented and knew his stuff, his style didn't work for me. Being told by my teacher to “Google it” or “figure it out” if I have questions or am lost is not helpful. I didn’t even know what I was supposed to be Googling or figuring out! Understood that after class ends I will be on my own, but when you’re in school, you should be able to feel comfortable asking your teacher questions and getting the help you need, especially when you’re paying a lot of money to be there. That’s the whole point of taking a class, and why I specifically chose to take this class, because I thought there would be that guidance. If I wanted to figure out web development on my own, I’d Google things and save myself the $3,500. I’m not sure I would return for another go-around with GA. Maybe if it were a different course, but that’s a big maybe.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have attended the GA course on Digital Marketing in London, UK. I am extremely satisfied with the whole course curriculum - all aspects of digital marketing were included with instructors who actually do that for a living and give important insight... Read More on daily practices, best tools to use, etc. The instructors were very responsive to questions and were constantly available for support and personalised help. However, the most important of all was the whole atmosphere at GA full of people who are creative entrepreneurs and open your world to opportunities you never thought existed. I personally always thought that I am supposed to find a normal full-time job and GA actually helped me understand the work at an agency and as a freelancer and this opened a whole other world of opportunities for me. Overall, I am more satisfied with my 3 months at GA than with my 3 years at uni! Thoroughly recommend!Read Less",general-assembly
"Not bad for an introductory course. The instructors were nice. I took the course before the full time immersive came along, so the expectation was not set properly. Quite a few people in the course thought they could take the class and get jobs as data... Read More scientists right after the course and became quite disappointed. The material was not too rigorous. GA seems to admit people regardless of their knowledge of programming which can impact what the instructor can realistically teach during the 12 weeksRead Less",general-assembly
I took front end course with General Assembly. It is very helpful to me in term create automation script in my job as front end course indirectly guide me how top dig HTML element and javascript.,general-assembly
"Thanks to Generally Assembly I was able to take my prior knowledge of coding and analytics and push it into a solid foundation for beginning a new career. I was wanting to make a move into analytics but was not sure how to make the jump from my prior... Read More roll which lent itself more along the lines of sales. With course material on SQL, visualization, and data scrubbing I was able to land a job as an Analyst and now feel completely confident in my abilities to not only do the job well but have innovative new ideas that I'm able to bring to my team. Can't say enough great things about my program in analytics and will continue recommending it to anyone who asks!Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:- you are exposed to procedures, and the ins-and-outs- you basically get mentorship out of this- they live by the ""there's no such thing as stupid questions"" mentality - they will answer all your questions- they have a full kitchen, with occasionally... Read More free snacks, and always-free coffee and tea- staff is super friendly- very clean- nice views of Boston- you get to keep slides and any paperwork they post up on Schoology, so you can always refer back to it, so don't lose your log-in!- they use SLACK- you end the course with a completed project you can add to your portfolio, and more information about getting a job in the field....the list goes on. I had a great experience!Cons:- can't think of any...Read Less",general-assembly
"I selected the 1 week intense course in Product Management. I chose this because it aligned with my schedule given the I was working full-time. The class size was small, no more than 12 of us and everyone came from diverse backgrounds. This provided a... Read More unique aspect to the class when working together during group projects. Our instructor, Aditi Joshi, was extremely knowledgable about the subjects covered and showed personal interest in our success.The GA facility was an incredible space to learn in during and after class. I found myself spending majority of my time at the facility because I felt more encouraged to get work done. GA's facility, staff, and program was one I am very grateful for having been a part of. I highly recommend taking a course here whether your looking to learn something new, expand on a current skill, or simply want to be surrounded by people looking to better their lives.Read Less",general-assembly
"I 100% honestly believe if it wasn't for my instructor, Shanu, I wouldn't have enjoyed it as much as I did. Even after a long day at work, I still look forward going to class because she outlines the course to be relatable, straightforward and engaging.... Read More She was flexible when it came to assignments if it was reasonable, she provided honest feedback on our progress and you can see she sincerely cares. Huge shout out to the GA staff in SF too for being accommodating. The course itself really helped me apply the concepts to my real life projects at my workplace. The only pro I can think of was it was a bit challenging using Schoology but that is more of their fault. ;)I would definitely recommend GA to any of my family, friends, peers, strangers, pretty much anyone looking to further their education in any of the courses GA offers. It is definitely worth the investment.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros: Great content. the projects at end of each module and course really help apply the concepts learnt.Cons: not much content on B2B marketing,general-assembly
Pros:Flexible ScheduleLessons are well put togetherThe Instructors are available before and after classes to answer any questions.PriceCons:Could do better in assisting students with job placements but that's not a big deal,general-assembly
"My experience with General Assembly was near perfect. The other students were friendly, supportive, and had similar passions as me! I still communicate with them although the class ended months ago. The facility was gorgeous and clean. The staff was helpful... Read More and kind. Last, my professors were amazing. They truely cared about us. The only downside is learning at the pace of others and the fact that it is quite expensive. I would have preferred to move a little quicker through the course, although, it’s nice for the people who need a little extra time to absorb the information. I loved it!Read Less",general-assembly
"In order to get people to sign up for classes, GA makes a lot of claims about how the program will run and the success rate of those who complete the course. They claim that 6 months after completing the program, 99% of students will have jobs within... Read More their field of study. With my cohort, it was more like 20%, and I would say it was about the same for the cohorts that came before and after me. What you get with this program is highly dependent for the instructor you get. Many of the instructors I have meet seem to only have 2-3 years of experience in the field they are instructing, which really is not enough. I have heard some GA admissions offers reference a GA bootcamp as an alternative to a 4 year degree - that is absurd. I think that the people who come out of this program and get jobs either get them because GA is directly referring them into role (which they seem to only select a few people from each class to do this with). The program also claims that they will help you gain access to working professions with multiple lunch and learns, that only happened once in my class. My advice to anyone considering enrolling is to reach out to people within your region who are working in the field and find out what they think of General Assembly. I think that in some areas, GA has a bad reputation and many recruiters will not even look at a resume with GA listed, so get to know what the field is like in your area before enrolling.Read Less",general-assembly
"I really loved my overall experience with GA. I had a great experience with my teacher and had a great class overall. The con for me was job support/ outcomes. I felt that the final meet and greet was almost wasteful as not many showed up for it, very... Read More dissapointing when you have over 15 people in your class. I felt the timing was bad of when that class ends due to no one wants to hire at the end of a year, many are focused on holidays. I feel that class should be no graduating until january. The new year brings in new money and new projects and by march are ready to hire again, I wish i had known that as I took the class. Most in my class were not employed until after the next class was already released making us competing with them as well, not desireable. My experience with outcomes person was not very helpful and meeting i had with her were cancelled or rescheduled a lot.Read Less",general-assembly
"Definitely one of the best decisions I have ever made in regards to my future career. GA helped me hone my purpose and gave me the tools needed to build things and solve puzzles and when they didn't give us tools they gave us resources. I am discovering... Read More that my interests lie more in the UX/UI design and development side of things but it was very useful getting to know JavaScript for the back end among other back-end processes that help inform how to architect my front-end code.My instructors were lovely and continue to be a resource for me when I hit them up for questions. The career coaching went thru a major overhaul during my cohort but the current career coach is phenomenal and I think any student benefits heavily from her influence and counsel. PROS: -Structured day-to-day lesson plans. -Passionate instructors who enjoyed helping us learn (VERY IMPORTANT).-1 Big Group Project and many smaller group exercises drove home the importance and value of team collaboration. My team project has generated the most conversation at Job Interviews!-Kitchen with a few microwaves, fridge stocked with milk and milk alternatives for provided cold brew and Caffe Ladro drip coffee, community bread*, peanut butter*, oatmeal* (*unfortunately not the healthy kind, all processed).-Clean study spaces.-Open to students early until late.-Can visit any GA campus to study.-Relevant curriculum for the most part.CONS:-Just like the students, sometimes the teachers were visibly stressed which sometimes put a damper on the learning environment.-No structured time for whiteboarding every day.-The curriculum for the last 3 weeks was focused on algorithms and python but it felt rushed.-Time might have been better spent focusing on React for the final few weeks.Read Less",general-assembly
"The quality of the curriculum, instructors, job support, and facilities were great. I had great teachers who explained everything well. The only issue I would have with WDI at GA is that the curriculum is WAY too fast paced for me personally. Would have... Read More loved to have the option of a slower paced class.Read Less",general-assembly
"The part time web dev course goes into heavy details of HTML, CSS, and some JavaScript. The course definitely gives you the fundamentals for you to start working on projects and potentially start applying for jobs. This course will not cover I’m depth,... Read More it’s only front end. It’s great for people with full time jobs.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the part-time UX Design Course at General Assembly-Boston. I found the instructors to be very knowledgeable and good at teaching overall. They were able to bring their own real-world experience and insight to the curriculum, which was very interesting... Read More and helpful. The exercises and assignments provided what I believed were realistic representations of what UX designers do. The instructors went above and beyond, going so far as to help with my job search, and even meet with me to update/tailor my resume for the field.The only negative aspect of this class is that I have made no headway in finding a job in the field. Since this is a part-time course, GA does not grant me full access to their career services. I knew this going in, but am still a bit disappointed that the education and help from the instructors aren't taking me as far as many full-time graduates seem to go.All in all, I think they provide a very good education, but it may be worth investing in a full-time course if you really hope to transition into the field.Read Less",general-assembly
"You relearn about advance excel functions like pivot tables, basic to intermediate level of SQL and some Tableau. They let you use real time data to do their projects. It is fit for those who had some experiences in coding and excel. If you don't, it... Read More can be challenging, I seen people dropped out because they can't catch up.Read Less",general-assembly
"Overall the course was good, it gives you information and having a final project gave you the opportunity to get a little bit more of experience. All though, I don't feel is enough time to learn and have a good knowledge base. I think that it was too... Read More expensive for what I learned and also the opportunities that I got after I finish, but this is my own experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"Let me preface by saying I believe my class' experience was a unique one. Our teachers had great chemistry and everyone in my class was REALLY nice and engaged and supportive, and together we created one of the best learning environments I have ever been... Read More in. We all still keep in contact and meet up to this day (it's been almost a year now). ^This aside, the overall curriculum and activities are very good. I'm using everything we learned at my job now. My teachers were very knowledgable and excellent mentors. I really liked that our class was very health conscious (I'm not sure if it's every GA class), but our teachers took the time to have us reflect on how we were feeling and how we wanted to grow as individuals and how this career path could integrate with that. It was definitely a very holistic learning environment, beyond the curriculum, to our personal growth and health. If you are in the LA ux program, I HIGHLY recommend getting your graphic/visual design skills down. I know they tell you that 'you can come from any career' (and you can) but in LA in particular, they care more about appearance (haha) and most job descriptions I came across on my job hunt wanted you to have a strong visual design background and capability. Also if you're not a strong presenter, be okay with challenging yourself in this area during the course (there's lots of it). I also felt really well supported after the course with job support. They aren't going to find you a job, but anything you need, they're eager to help (mock interviews, resume review, portfolio reviews, emotional support haha)Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended General Assembly's part-time UX Design course at the end of 2016. I was working as a full-time Graphic Designer at the time and wanted to switch over to a career in UX. The course (and my amazing instructors, Joe and Regina) did a great job... Read More in giving me and insight of what UX is. The downside of the part-time course was that I only had one project to put in my portfolio. But my instructors made it abundantly clear that I would need more and would have to work for it outside of class. That one project was a great help though in building a foundation for me to apply what I learned in other projects. I did some side projects and a freelance job before I eventually landed a full-time job as a UI/UX Designer.Read Less",general-assembly
"This was a blog post I wrote in 2015 about my experience at GA that I still this is relevant. This was a really good experience for me. My situation is not going to be like everyone else’s, so let me give you the low down on why, for me, it was a good... Read More fit.If you don’t feel like reading this epistle, skip to the bottom and read the section on “What to expect if you are thinking…”I’ve been learning HTML and CSS off and on over the past six years. I bought books and read them. Did online tutorials. Had friends and co-workers walk me through the basics of HTML and CSS. I cannot tell you how many times I have created the “Hello World!” page. I have learned a bit over the years, but not enough to be considered dangerous by any stretch of the imagination.I’m currently working at FamilySearch as a UX/UI designer. Been there for a little over two and a half years, and during that time our webDev team put together a skills building program. A set of requirements that demonstrates understanding, application, and proficiency of core HTML, CSS and JS principles. Developed for our webDevs, our UX El Jefe challenged the designers to get certified in a different discipline in order to have a more well-rounded understanding of how our designs are implemented in the code.I cannot emphasize this enough: to learn how to code has been one of the best career decisions I have ever made.“The more we know how the web works, the better we can design for it. A painter knows paint. A sculptor knows clay or marble. Musicians understand acoustics, feedback, mics, guitars, pianos, etc. There’s a technical aspect to every medium. The better a designer understands the technical aspects of their craft, the better their designs.”–Tom DeForest, UX Heros: John DilworthEnter General AssemblyI did my homework and developed my own objectives as aligned with FamilySearch’s goals towards certification. Then I contacted General Assembly (GA) and told them I was interested in their program. Based on my prior learnings…if you could even call them that, I felt like I had enough background in HTML/CSS to make the course do-able and help me get certified. I received the course outline for GA’s FEWD program and ran it past my webDev managers. They thought it was a solid curriculum and gave it their blessing.My FEWD class was taught by two developers; the course instructor is a professional in the web development community, and the TA is a recent graduate from the General Assembly Web Development Immersive program. My class was 10-weeks long and held on Saturdays from 10–5 at their Santa Monica LA campus. Class size was about 30–35 students.I was really happy with the course. The highlights for me were: learning and understanding the HTML/CSS/JS syntax and document structure; responsive design and utilizing media queries; some Bootstrap and how to use the responsive framework; how to talk to my devs and use their terminology when communicating my designs. This one sounds a little funny, but it’s true: learning how to ask Google. Google will tell you anything you want it to, as long as you know how to ask correctly. If I have questions about code, syntax, structure, etc. I now know how to ask. Creating WordPress themes. This was a bonus. We built a custom theme in class based on a previous homework assignment. I was even able to turn my final project into a WordPress theme based on that class.To graduate from the FEWD program there were essentially two requirements: attend 80% of the classes, and build a site that demonstrated what we learned. GA wanted us to build a multiple page site with linking pages, and use of HTML/CSS/JS.Coding is a language. If you’re not going to use it, you’re going to lose it. Stay on top of it. Also, learn to jump in and figure it out.What to expect if you are thinking about taking this class:If you want to get the most out of this course, code. Then code some more. The best way to learn is repetition. I probably spent an additional 10–15 hours per week outside of class time coding. I did my homework. Deleted it. And did it again. The course is expensive. Get everything you can out of it.The course is designed to increase your skill set, not to get you a job as a developer. If you are looking to change careers, this is not that kind of course. You will want the Web Development Immersive course or something similar.You are not going to learn how to design for the web. You are going to learn how to code.The lessons are structured as high-level primers with code-a-longs. The instructors expect you to take the initiative and learn to delve deeper on your own. Instructors are always available for questions and help.I wish the instructors talked more about best practices and correct principles and guidelines.The course seemed to cater to the people who were struggling with coding concepts. It slowed the overall pace of the class.Make use of lab time and the instructors’ office hours. Their time is invaluable. Use it.There are always events going on at the Santa Monica campus. For the most part, it was fine, but sometimes it got really annoying and distracting. GA needs a building better suited for the number of classes, lectures, and seminars at that location.I wish we spent more time on vanilla JavaScript, but I think they could have spent the whole ten weeks just on this.Free snacks and candy.Great networking opportunities with classmates and instructors.Access to GA Front Row, lectures and seminars.Suggestions for General Assembly:Expand the FEWD curriculum. If I was running GA, that’s what I would do. You can thank me later.FEWD 101Utilize the current part-time FEWD curriculum. Overview and application of HTML and CSS with an intro in JS.FEWD 201Full vanilla JavaScript class. Understanding the DOM and DOM manipulation. JS libraries and how they work and integrate with your site. A little bit of jQuery with an intro in Angular JS.FEWD 301Getting comfortable with the command line. Using git and github and understanding version control. Scaffolding and frameworks. Drill down on all or few of these (Node JS, Angular JS, Express JS, Node Package Manager (npm), Bower, Grunt, Gulp, Yeoman, Web Starter Kit.) And finally, testing. You could work with companies that have hired GA WDI alums and adjust the program as needed.Hope this helps.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the part-time User Experience course in NYC during a 6 month sabbatical. Coming from a design background I was interested in changing my career and checking out UX. The course was fun, engaging, and supportive. I learned so much in each super-packed... Read More day and the instructor and assistants were always available to help guide or answer questions. At the end I had a great portfolio piece showcasing my new understandings. While I did not use GA's job support and wound up getting a job as an art director again the course was invaluable. It taught me the language and processes of UX and so I have been able to collaborate with my company's UX team and even bring up UX related questions/concerns when UX team members weren't present.Read Less",general-assembly
I attended the Web Development Immersive program at GA and it completely changed the course of my life and career. Everyday I am shocked and elated that this program worked so well for me and my peers. I recommend GA to anyone I know looking to make the... Read More switch into tech. I loved my experience and am grateful everyday for choosing to enroll at GA.Read Less,general-assembly
"I enrolled in this program to get more advanced Excel and SQL skills. I was pretty happy with the course overall as I enjoyed the instructor and do feel like I walked away with new knowledge, however, it wasn't as advanced as I was hoping. We spent little... Read More time working with SQL directly in Tableau which was something I was specifically hoping for as it's what I'm currently doing for work. There was a lot of review for me and the experience levels in the class were widely varied so there was a lot of time spent catching others up on the more basic skills.Read Less",general-assembly
"The Data Analysis Circuit is a great launch point into the concepts and skills of data analysis. I appreciate the online self-paced format and found the videos and lesson content to be engaging and easy to digest. I found the weekly one on one meetings... Read More with my mentor to be extremely valuable, especially the tips and tricks my mentor showed me to be more effective in my analysis. In my opinion, the circuit alone isn't enough training for an individual to make a career switch into analytics but it provided me enough training to increase my value at my current job and position myself for a more senior position.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA's loose rules of opening the Data Science course to anyone who wants to learn DS is a good thing. But don't expect to get a job because of this course. If you are already working and want to add new skills to your tool chest or make a career transition... Read More then this coursework will definitely help you. But if you are a young graduate with no prior analytics work experience then this course won't help you get a job. The job market is really strict and GA is definitely not one of the recognized leaders in the DS training space. That's why their career services isn't that effective and have a hard time getting you placed. And so I feel the learning that you get for the amount of money that they charge is just way too much. But, this review has nothing to do with the instructors who teach the course. My instructor was one of the best one and he was always open to helping me outside of class time and answer even my stupid questions.On a scale of 10, I would like to rate GA - 6.5Read Less",general-assembly
"GA was exactly what I needed, as I was coming off of a bad experience at a graduate program in Los Angeles. I was looking to learn real-world skills, that are relevant to today's work. GA gave me exactly what I was looking for, and then some. I felt like... Read More I was becoming more professionally capable every day, I was able to work with talented people, and make great connections. The GA environment allows everyone to help everyone. It is competitive, but it is a friendly competition. I felt that my teachers and staff were more than qualified, and they truly cared about the future of everyone in the class. The way that the course was set up, there was no rest, and I liked that. I signed up and paid for the class because I wanted to push myself and learn, and that is what I was able to do. At GA, you get out what you put in. I put in a lot, and the returns were immeasurable.Read Less",general-assembly
"This class was such a great experience and taught me so much about the ins-and-outs of UX design. I learned a lot about programs I work in regularly and it was definitely worth the time and energy. It was quite challenging at times, but I would definitely... Read More encourage anyone who's considering learning more about UX to take this course. I was really impressed.Read Less",general-assembly
"I really loved my classmates and my TA. If I didn't have a good TA to help break down the labs after lessons, I probably would not be able to give a positive review. Also having the support of great classmates helps tremendously.Is GA perfect? No. Is... Read More it flawed? What bootcamp isn't. There's always something more to learn, and sometimes the onus seems to be put too greatly on the students shoulders to pick up the slack on topics.However, I will say just taking the DSI bootcamp opened doors for me. I got a lot more interviews than I did before the bootcamp, and I've gotten to experience some great organizations (I credit having the bootcamp under my built to getting me at least initial interviews with Google, Facebook, and a host of other well-known tech companies). I haven't gotten a job yet, but I'm not worried about it either. One will come. It just takes time and hustle, and if you want to do well at GA you need to know and embrace your inner hustle.Read Less",general-assembly
The UX general Immersive really gave me the knowledge of the ways to bring a Product from concept to ready for development with a focus on using the right tools to solve the right problems for users.,general-assembly
"I can say without a doubt that going to General Assembly is the best thing I have done in life thus far. I went to multiple different open houses for coding boot camps and GA was the one that stuck out to me because of how open and friendly the staff... Read More was. I felt like home. My 12 week during the WDI course was like nothing I have taken before. It was rigorous but very rewarding. I was skeptical of the idea that I could learn everything to become a proficient web developer in 12 weeks and boy was a wrong. Not only was I able to finish my 12 weeks of coursework and continue on to land 2 software jobs after graduating. One of which I got because of GA's hiring network(Current Job) but I was able to go back and teach the knowledge I had received from GA. General Assembly changed my life and I couldn't be more grateful for a school like this to exist. I couldn't have done it without my wonderful instructors, classmates and the staff members at GARead Less",general-assembly
"Since General Assembly isn't an accredited program, the prospect of quitting my job (which was not a terrible one), taking out a loan, and attending their Web Development Immersive Program was nerve racking to say the least. I had a passion for development... Read More and wanted to take my career in a different direction than it was headed. The alternatives to GA was to take out an even larger loan, enroll in an accredited university for Computer Science and graduate a few years later with a load of debt. I had already played around in python and had some javascript experience, but not much. I decided on General Assembly and it has turned out to be one of the best decisions I've made. My instructors were fantastic, the curriculum focuses on the right things (except if I were them I might try and change out ember.js for react or angular), and last and GREATEST was the support I received after graduating from the program. Their ""Outcomes"" manager went all out to organize career fairs (where I met my current employer), keep us on track, guide us through the complex Boston job market, and keep our skills sharp. Julie, if you're reading this you are the greatest!!Read Less",general-assembly
"GA is a good place to go if you don't mind spending a lot of money to learn a little. Most of the courses are set up so you have to take a second class, with a second ""tuition"", after your first class. I think it also really makes a difference if you... Read More get a good instructor or not. They hire people who have never taught before which can very much impact your learning opportunities. Also if you have a lazy instructor you will not get any help outside of class and will not have much if any homework/practice problems. This is more like a full time course instead of an immersive bootcamp. You do have an outcomes career coach but not quite sure yet how helpful Outcomes will be. We do have a week 13 which wasn't mentioned in the course description that is for the career coach.Read Less",general-assembly
"I recently completed the one week UX design accelerated course. It was an intense and stressful course but I learned so much. I am a complete beginner to UX but have 6 years experience in Marketing. The instructors and TAs are amazing and helpful. You... Read More get a huge amount of information thrown at you, but if you work better under pressure (eg. Always study the night before a test) this course is for you. I loved my time at GA and can't wait to get started with new projects!Read Less",general-assembly
"GA seemed to serve as a safe place where you can come, regardless of your background, and learn about your next passion in life. Somehow in just a few weeks, you find yourself caring tremendously about an entirely new subject. Without a doubt, all the... Read More technical training and resources you need are available to you. But that's not what makes the place so special. All the information to learn every aspect of design and development exists on the internet today. The difference is the way GA helps you forge your own path. The teachers care about creating the next generation of technical leaders. The staff cares about keeping GA as an essential center for networking in the tech world. Just being a part of GA you feel like you're thrown into the center of technical innovation. It's a great hub, where you will instantly learn whether or not this is what you want. It will provide you all the resources you need, but without a doubt, the greatest part of GA is the community.Read Less",general-assembly
"I've been in the Digital marketing industry for around 3 years but I'm entirely self-taught, I have a background in sales &amp; IT which has helped immensely but have never had a complete overview of the strategy around campaigns. I decided to undertake the... Read More Digital Marketing course at General Assembly in order to bring everything I've learned together and take my career to the next level.Overall I think the course was highly valuable and would suggest it to anyone who Is interested in digital marketing strategy. It assumes no prior knowledge which is good and bad, I found myself bored at some points as it delt with my day to day tasks. The content that I had no prior exposure to was excellent and engaging. The instructors were knowledgable and always happy to lend a hand. It requires quite a bit of time investment but its worth it in the endRead Less",general-assembly
"The instructor was good but the pace of the course was too fast and too much information was thrown at you - most of which, if you are already a marketer, you already know. Everything was just a quick overview. There was no indepth look at things like... Read More analytics or seo, which is what you would expect the course to be about.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA is an amazing coding immersive. They create a welcoming atmosphere and provide an incredible amount of support. The teachers are qualified, knowledgeable and thorough. GA provides and outcomes advisor to help with the job hunt. They talk you through... Read More building a resume, how to interview, writing cover letters and everything else you'd need to feel comfortable during your job hunt. GA helped give me the knowledge and skills required to advance my career. Highly recommended!Read Less",general-assembly
"Enrolling in WDI was one of the most important decisions I've made in my life. At the time, I was a tennis instructor. In my spare time, I played around with introductory Python, PHP, and JavaScript classes online. While these classes were enjoyable and... Read More taught me some rudimentary concepts, I realized that I was not learning much in the way of solving more complex problems.I feel very fortunate to have landed in my WDI cohort. Our instructors were wonderful at explaining the many concepts we learned during the course, and very supportive whenever we struggled with a problem. I also had a great class of very supportive and helpful students. We spent a lot of time working through assignments together, and learned a lot from one another. Three years later I still keep in contact with many of these people.The outcomes class was very helpful in getting me prepared to hunt for work in a job market that was completely foreign to me. I felt confident that I would know what to do throughout the job searching process, and managed to find work as a full stack developer approximately 3 months later.On the topic of jobs, GA could have done a little bit more to put us in contact with potential employers and recruiters. Also, support after the class was over was pretty minimal. Having access to the GA space was really nice, but we were not supported much beyond that. I believe the mentorship program that was launched after my graduation is attempting to address these issues.At the end of the day, I think that students will get out what they put in. My class was made up of very focused, determined, and hard working people. Pretty much everyone found work as developers within 3-4 months of completing the course. I'd certainly recommend GA as a place to go if you're ready for a career switch.Read Less",general-assembly
"My experience with the GA UXDI ten-week course was fulfilling, exhaustive and exhausting (at times).Upsides:- Ride or Die Crew / I had the unique pleasure of making over a dozen lasting friendships (beyond professional contacts).- Work Work Work / I was... Read More inspired and motivated by the project-driven coursework .- Birdseye POV / I gained a comprehensive overview, with spikes of in-depth knowledge, of the broader UX process and landscape.- Helping Hands / I enjoyed the mentorship of several professionals with diverse work backgrounds—as well as enjoyed the input of many guest lecturers.- Forks in the Road / I felt more confident in my decision to switch up my career path into a more rewarding direction.- Guide and Counsel / I received actionable, pragmatic career advice for my ensuing job search.Downsides:- Sticker Shock / It was expensive a few years ago and now costs quite a bit more.- Marathon Pace / You won't be seeing friends and loved ones for a long time. Say goodbye for now.- Bumps in the Road / Occasionally, certain curricula topics slipped away from our grasp and we'd need to move on quickly to stay on track.- Inconsistencies / Due to the nature of mixed skillsets among students, inevitably there's some drag on how the whole class learns together.- Unhappy Hour / They discontinued Friday networking happy hours halfway through our time there and we never had great opportunities to mix with other classes and cohorts.Overall:I would recommend GA UXDI if you've got the right blend of: - An assertively focused work ethic, - Open-mindedness, soft skills and - Circumstances (time, lots of money, support).Good luck in your decision!Read Less",general-assembly
"GA has been great. It has opened the doors to a new career for me. Our instructors were amazing, super helpful, knowledgable and personable. The course was very intense, with tons of information in the class and a lot of homework. The course has definitely... Read More helped build a foundation for understanding how programming works. And prepare us students for the real world project.Overall I was very happy and have a great job now and feel accomplished with my career.Read Less",general-assembly
It would be awesome to see our professors and or TA,general-assembly
"Background: I attended the User Experience Design Immersive (UXDI) in Santa Monica as part of the June 2017 cohort. Prior to the immersive, I had a background as an account executive (sales), and 0 background in visual design. For anyone in the same boat,... Read More I'll admit that I was a little apprehensive signing up for the immersive because of my background. Through inspirational instructors, talented classmates, and job support team members however, I was able to leverage my business rationale and knowledge of UX fundamentals into a UX career post grad. Overall: The course is what you make out of it. I found the projects to be a microcosm of what one might encounter at their first UX job or freelance gig after the course. If you really apply yourself, learn from your classmates who have the skills you want to acquire, and ask for help when needed (the classes are about 12 people big, so instructors are easily accessible), it's totally possible to use this immersive as a launching pad for a career transition. It is important to note however, that the course will make you aware of areas you need to grow and stretch, so you can be proactive about filling in those areas of growth post grad without the help of classmates (in the case you are working as the sole UX designer of a company, and have to own the entire UX process).Read Less",general-assembly
"I really enjoyed my time at General Assembly. It was very informative class and I felt it was important to know and undersatnd these skills as a basic front-end developer. My only con about the course that it moved really fast and it was important for... Read More me to learn outside of class. Overall great experience, I look forward in participating in other classes that General Assembly will offer.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: Very knowledgeable instructor, access to tons of class and extra materialsCons: More of a Survey of Pandas",general-assembly
"I have attended a few GA classes that have been wonderful. This Visual Design 101 class was very confusing, though. So I thought I'd share my experience.The instructor is obviously very well qualified to teach this course, so I don't want this to reflect... Read More badly on her. But the material was disorganized. The Photoshop portion of the workshop was uninformative, mostly because of the time frame we had to work with and the structure of the exercise. I had hoped to learn the basics of Photoshop tools and file management. I did not walk away with any basic understanding of importing files, resizing images, or shorthand commands. Maybe the instructor assumed we already knew them. I would've liked to see her walk through each step on the screen and complete the exercise with us. I felt like I was aimlessly clicking around.We did not discuss UX at all, which was part of the agenda. I had hoped to see a couple UX wireframing tools, or how to use Photoshop in that way.Read Less",general-assembly
Course was excellent; went from basic to intermediate difficulty. I will consider future courses at GA.,general-assembly
"At first I was hesitant to join the remote (online) crash course for User Experience Design. At the start of the class, the instructor even mentioned that we wouldn't get to dive as deep into the material compared to the 3 month Design course. This frustrated... Read More me as I was spending a lot of time and money to take the 1 week course. But as the week progressed, my worries began to disappear. I learned so much in a span of 5 days, and all of the students were able to develop a full case study presentation of the projects that they were working on over the course of that week. The Zoom video conferencing helped keep the students accountable for staying engaged an actively participating through the course of the week. Zoom also allowed us to go into break out rooms were students could work on project discussions in small groups. In some ways, I found this online 1 week class to be even more engaging that a regular sized classroom, because our class size was so small. I am very satisfied w/ this program and how the instructor facilitated learning over just one week!Read Less",general-assembly
"I am a graduate of General Assembly Atlanta's WDI14! A little about me:I have been involved with graphic design, sound, and video for around 12 years. I also had some experience with some very basic HTML and CSS but that's about it. When I started in... Read More January I was very nervous and excited and hopeful. I graduated yesterday and I still feel the same way! What an awesome experience. Over the course of the 3 months I was at General Assembly, I had four main instructors: Jamie King, Daniel, James and Blake. They all were such a big help in my growth and exploration of Web Development. Overall, the course was a lot of fun. It was extremely stressful and challenging at times, but I stuck with it, and pulled many late nights and early mornings. One thing I want to make perfectly clear to you: Bootcamps BEGIN your journey. Upon graduation, you are going to have a firm understanding of how you learn, how best you study and you will also have a solid understanding of the things you chose to excel at. If you do the bare minimum you will not get anything out of the bootcamp experience. I know what my weaknesses are now and I know my strengths and my next step now is to continue working on my weaknesses, create assignments and goals for myself, and I am going to continue studying the WDI14 curriculum until I have a solid understanding of everything. Another piece of advice I have; Study like your job depends on it (it does, and the WD interview questions are extremely technical so you NEED TO HAVE A SOLID UNDERSTANDING OF EVERYTHING). Also, start job hunting really early. Most corporations or grown up jobs not only perform extensive background checks which can take a month or longer, they also check references etc. Do NOT wait until the last minute. Start hunting a few weeks into the program. So there are the positives. The negatives: Outcomes could be much stronger, more structured, and hold mock interviews etc. I felt like the outcomes portion was a little weak. A lot of it was optional, and it seemed targeted to absolute beginners. I felt like I knew all the information, so there should be advanced and beginners outcomes for the different walks of life that come into the program. I also felt like my determination was not recognized by the outcomes coach. We butted heads on perspectives as I didn't believe in waiting until the last minute to job hunt. And who was right in the end? I got an offer letter the same day I graduated, so I think I did something right. Many people laughed at me for job hunting early, but I wish the best of luck to them as they wake up today unemployed. Another thing is the speed. I think the WDI would have been better if perhaps one or two less complex subjects were set aside for more time spent going over the very complex subjects. They try to pack a ton of subjects into the lesson plans and that ends up creating lecture plans that are rushed. Sometimes the speed was completely disorienting and overwhelming. It was actually completely ridiculous in many cases, but I figured out how to deal with it. I will spend the next few months going over and over the lessons until I really understand the complex subjects, for instance: State and Props in React is something I STILL struggle with. I wish more time was spent on it. Overall, I really really really enjoyed GA, I had an amazing, life changing experience. I would recommend to to anyone who is dead serious about starting a career in Web Development. If you are serious about working very hard for three months, seven days a week, then sign up, If you are serious about education and self improvement then sign up. If you aren't decided on what you want to do, pause and research more until you know for certain this is what you want. I will continue singing GA's praises throughout my career. Without my GA family, I would not have been able to accomplish so much in such a short amount of time.Read Less",general-assembly
"The educator was patient and gave great exposure to the software, he was very open and was willing to explain things with ease which made the class so interesting. I felt I got the concept of the class, software, left the class feeling data empowered... Read More and wanting to know more. Apart from learning, we had some mingle time with the classmates and expressing how we want to go further with data visualization at our respective jobs. I recommend the workshops because they do exactly as they say in the course description.Read Less",general-assembly
"Most of class made up of experienced coders in another language looking for experience in ruby, some areas just went very quickly and pace of class was set around them, for a novice its wasnt worth the money or time",general-assembly
"To start off, I think most people can agree that it's people that will make or break an experience. As mentioned in my title, this is for the Seattle campus. Other campuses will obviously have different people which may change the experience.That being... Read More said, my experience at GA was one of the greatest experiences I've ever had. We had an incredible instructor - Steve Peters - who was incredible. He was super knowledgable and went above and beyond to teach us everything he thought was relevant in the field, even if it wasn't part of the actual curriculum. Our IAs (instructional assistants) were equally as amazing. I literally have nothing but good things to say about our entire instructional team. My cohort has become a family and we all loved it.Another amazing thing about GA is their flexibility with the curriculum. They update what they teach you based on your local market. Our cohort was the 3rd cohort in Seattle to learn Python and React, as it's more popular in Seattle than Ruby. We also were the first cohort to learn Redux, which wasn't even part of the curriculum. Steve wanted to teach it to us as it is important to know if you are looking for a React job, as many companies will be using Redux. This flexible curriculum keeps the content relevant rather than stagnant.I could see how having a subpar instructor would make this experience the exact opposite that I had. However, from my experience with GA in Seattle, they try to hire the best people who care about their students success and that makes all the difference in the world.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the part-time 10 week course and it was intense yet satisfying. In the 10 weeks, I learned several new skill and had a better understanding of what User Experience really entails. Even though the program is part-time, don't be fooled, there's a... Read More lot of work but if you stick it out, what you get out a lot out of it. My class was taught by professionals in the field. They are extremely supportive, knowledgable and a willing to go the extra mile to see each of us succeed. Since this is not the immersive program, job support isn't available, however, there's enough opportunities for networking. If you put in the time and effort, you will be rewarded in kind. As an added bonus, the NYC campus is a welcoming place with a friendly staff and very conducive to getting work done.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: Great instructor, tons of extra materials, and a positive environment.Cons: It's basically a Survey of Python. There isn't a whole lot of time during class to solve many problems. If you're not an auto-didact, this probably isn't you.",general-assembly
"The 10 weeks UX immersive bootcamp at General Assembly in Sydney was one of the best learning experiences of my life! The UX course was a good mix of theory and practice. We covered both research and design and worked on 5 projects to put everything we... Read More learned into practice. My instructor was very passionate about UX and had extensive industry knowledge, he provided a lot of constructive feedback throughout the course. The outcomes program was great, they helped me tailor my linkedin/resume/portfolio and assisted me until I found a job. Overall my experience at General Assembly was great, I can't recommend it highly enough!Read Less",general-assembly
"This class was my first introduction to Ga, and I must say it was great! The professor was very informative, and I was able come away with a game plan! I will definitely be returning to GA to take more classes in the future.",general-assembly
"I found what I signed up for. As entrepreneur, I found it a good mix of content depth and big picture view. It had elements of growth by reaching out from my comfort zone (UTM tagging, presenting in class) as well as fun (persona sketching, empathy) that... Read More marketing truly is.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm a journalist for a publishing company that works half in print, half online. Increasing, I collaborate with the product teams and am involved in discussions about how our websites are built. I've always felt at a bit of a loss because they speak in... Read More a slightly different language-- using terms and concepts that I never learned. I wanted to learn some of the basics of design so that I could hold my own in conversations. UX felt like the right place to dive in. After having completed course, I think I made the right decision. It was super informative but not overly complex. I never felt that I was in over my head. The instructor was approachable and conversational. I feel like I got almost exactly what I wanted from it.Read Less",general-assembly
GA was a great experience. Loved everything about my course from the instructors to the course materials to the campus. I can already feel that my brain is more alert and agile. I will probably come back for more courses at GA.,general-assembly
"My personal experience was very good. I like the class, I like the teacher, I like the subject that we discussed in class. The PowerPoint was clear and easier to understand. The classes were interactive, with questions, answer and team working where you... Read More could practice the theory.Read Less",general-assembly
"Background: I joined GA Santa Monica in June 2017. Taking GA's UXDI program in the summer last year was my first step in career changing. I met the most wonderful instructors (Kat &amp; Taylor) and a class of amazing people all from different professions.... Read More Most of my classmates graduated GA and started working (some freelance some full-time) within 1-6 months. Why GA? I would recommend GA for those who want to acquire new skills, curious in tech, and always looking for opportunity to learn and grow. There are always variety of courses that are designed to serve you and your busy schedule. Some courses might be introductory and some more advanced. If you see something that seems interesting to you, reach out to GA people and ask to join an Info Session!Read Less",general-assembly
"I joined General Assembly Data Science Immersive Course to extent my 20 years knowledge in the areas of data mining, data analytics and databases. I found the course to be offering more than I expected. This is a very intense course and requires a lot... Read More of dedication during the entire 12 weeks. I learnt around 60 different Data Science models apart from skills like Python, basics of Big data, Spark, Hadoop, Web scraping etc. I hear a lot about the outcome program being not so good. My personal experience is that the expectation around outcome (job assistance) program from students is not realistic. Which I believe is the main cause for few students to complain about the outcome part of the course. Practically, any job seeker has to make himself/herself presentable to the market and make himself/herself eligible to be able to deliver value in a Data Science role in the industry. Is the Data Science Immersive course capable of making you industry ready? Of course it is. But, under one condition, which is applicable to any form of learning. Learning is a two way process. If you are willing to understand what the industry requires and how you can leverage and benefit from the course, I do not see a better course than the one offered by General Assembly. But, if you do not have the right mindset and willingness to put in hard-work, no course can make you employable. If you truly love working with data, if you truly love solving problems, and if you truly love programming then this course will certainly add a lot of value in your career in a very short time. On the contrary, students who blindly jump into this program expecting that the outcome program can fetch them the ""Sexiest job of 21st Century"" just because they have paid a huge course fee, then that is unrealistic. Keep in mind that you can't buy a job or knowledge by paying any amount of money, you have to earn it yourself.Oh yeah, I forgot to mention about the dynamic, modest, experienced and student-friendly staff at General Assembly. And the kind of network you will get both from industries and alumni is worth months of effort and worth thousands of dollars. How you leverage this intangible asset is up to your entrepreneurial capabilities.Read Less",general-assembly
"The best things about the course were the supportive staff and the amazing group of students I was able to meet though the course. The content was great and well-delivered by the instructor. Learning theory by doing actual projects is a great way to learn.... Read More I felt well connected with the industry as I was encouraged to attend meet ups, we attended office visits and were connected with alumni as mentors.Read Less",general-assembly
I recently completed FEWD at General Assembly Sydney and couldn’t recommend it more! Jay is a legend and the course materials set me up to succeed in my current role. One highlight for me was celebrating with all my classmates and the Instructional and... Read More Production Teams at the end of the course! Couldn’t recommend more!Read Less,general-assembly
This was a great overview of how to build a social media marketing strategy. The instructor was great and seemed very knowledgeable on Digital marketing and social media. I liked the small breakout sessions after each concept was introduced. I felt the... Read More class it was a good value and appreciate receiving the materials from the class.Read Less,general-assembly
I learnt the process of UX Design very fast and efficiently. It was very practical and allowed me to prepare for the real job world. the outcomes programme also helped me a lot in finding my dream job.,general-assembly
"Pros: 1)The instructors were awesome. -Knowledgeable -Prepared-available for questions-gave good feedback-ensured that the class was engaged2) class was remote, which meant that I could be at home3) class started at 7am on Saturdays, so I was done by... Read More 3pmCons:1) Class started at 7am on saturdays.... 2) the course was really fast paced. We learned a lot and the instructors were great, but didn't feel like I had time to master SQL or Tableau3) since it was only 6 weeks, coming up with a capstone project idea and executing was hard. I basically did most of it the last week of class...Overall, I would recommend this class and having the Fryar's as instructors. If I had the chance and stability with my work schedule, I would have rather taken the class in person.Read Less",general-assembly
"I did the UX Design Immersive course at General Assembly Sydney and it was an amazing adventure!Learned everything I needed to find a dream job pretty much straight out of the course, plus had fun and met great people along the way.Highly recommend!",general-assembly
"I had no development experience prior to attending this course, and was completely unsure what to expect. I can only say that it was the best thing I could have possibly done for my career. 18 months later I'm still loving my new career and couldn't have... Read More done it without the support of the people at GA in Sydney. It was a hard 3 months but I would do it again in a heartbeat. I had so much fun throughout, and I couldn't have asked for more support from my instructors and the rest of the team there.Read Less",general-assembly
"The instructors were excellent and led us through a curriculum that showed us the basics of data science, and the more complex topics. It was a great overview of Data Science, and it also gave me the basic skills needed to explore further into the topics... Read More I found most enlightening or interesting. It also helped me with my current work by giving me great tools to go deeper into exploring business insights. Well done on an excellently run course.Read Less",general-assembly
"The general assembly web development course is what you make of it. The golden rule of this course is that you invest every ounce of your available energy into just thirteen weeks. It sounds dramatic and cringingly cliche but the fact of the matter is... Read More that GA offers the opportunity for you to open a wormhole into a different career. The harder you work, the wider that wormhole, and the more opportunities are exposed to you on the other side. If you can work harder than you ever have before, say yes to every learning and networking opportunity that GA provides, all the while remaining completely and 100% you’re authentic self, there is no reason that your dream job doesn’t lie on the other side of this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course was significantly overpriced for anyone not paying out of their own pocket and not having the cost covered by work.The curriculum and instructors did not provide a thoroughly instructive approach for any form of ""product manager.""The course... Read More attempts to instruct would-be and aspiring entrepreneurs on the basics of business and product management, while also claiming and attempting to cover the nuances of actual product management within an established company -- failing to sufficiently train in either.My experience may have been tainted by the instructor Aditi Joshi. She ultimately showed little respect for students, feigning interest and recognition of the importance of questions, answering in ways that promoted her own ""impressive"" experience and awareness of trends instead of addressing the nuance and struggle with concepts behind a student's question. It's possible that a more attentive and talented instructor would have been able to substantially address product management in both the entrepreneurial and established business contexts, but seems like the course is just most likely over-ambitious and should be split up into 2 different courses.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: good teacher, friendly environment, opportunities for networking.",general-assembly
"PROS:• Instruction was mostly good• Fun learning environment• Practical curiculumCONS:• Some topics weren't covered in enough depth to prepare adequately for interviews• Lack of detailed feedback after projects/assignmentsTAKEAWAY:• WDI is a great way... Read More to accelerate one's learning, but in the end you get out of the program what you put in. Make sure that you are prepared to commit for the long haul!Read Less",general-assembly
"I took Web development Immersive course that lasted 12 weeks, and I would say that is very valuable time in my education.Pros:Different level assignments from easy to challenging.Experienced instructors Friendly staffCosA bit higher price, but I would... Read More say it's worth the investment.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly changed my life and I will throw down with anyone who disagrees. I now have a job I absolutely love, all the teachers and course coordinators/producers ruled, this competition is OVER, give GA the thing",general-assembly
"Pros:-support from Jessica Burns, she's there with us through the thick and thin-love the campus, the vibe. -love the people at the campus and always feeling welcome-assistant instructor Sean Breasley was great, he supported the class when the lead instructor... Read More did not do his job properly.-loved the Data Analytics course I did in 2018 and really enjoying the Digital Marketing course I am doing now.Cons:-quality of instructor greatly impacts experience of the course, not having an emotionally stable instructor was the major downside of the course. -not having any valuable feedback from the instructor as he was never available, was either too busy or too tired to give any students any useful feedback.-cost of course didn't reflect the value I got from the education.Read Less",general-assembly
Great course. Fantastic structure. Learned lots in quite a small period of time.,general-assembly
"I joined GA because I wanted a career change and up skill in the IT industry. GA provided a learner friendly environment where we could ask any questions no matter how silly. The teachers had excellent knowledge of web development and their delivery was... Read More clear, concise and easily understandable. The staff campus were friendly and engaging, keen to check on our progress and give encouragement. I would highly recommend General Assembly if you are wanting a career change or just looking to learn something new and exciting.Read Less",general-assembly
"I had a phenomenal experience with General Assembly's Data Science Immersive program. I started the course with barely any coding, no knowledge of basic linear regression or anything and came out building Python pipelines. I got lucky, a 12 person class... Read More with the best in-person teacher, she answered every question, from ""Why is there a comma there"" to ""How do you build a model using PCA"". The course was very rough to get used to, you really have to do a lot of work on your own. I had great classmates who were very helpful and nearly always stayed late to work on problem sets. They gave us time during the course to work on our capstones and ask general questions of our teacher and TA. I felt like I had a ton of access to resources, some of which I didn't even use. Our career coach is very nice, has answered any and all questions very quickly and reviewed all application documents with me. He's even helping me look for jobs in other cities, other countries!!Read Less",general-assembly
"I took a part-time front-end web development course. The instructors were great – knowledgeable but also pretty personable. I definitely came out of it feeling like I had the groundwork for web development. But if I really wanted it to affect my career,... Read More I would have to have devoted significantly more time to it personally. I think it should be advertised that the part-time courses will give you a taste, but by no means will boost your career (maybe a few tricks here and there). I wish the course moved faster, went a little deeper, or rather than starting with the foundations, had instead focused on tools that were more practical. Still, I felt very positive about the experience overall.Read Less",general-assembly
"I didn't have much experience in programming before coming to General Assembly. And after the 12-week training from their web development immersive program, I am pretty ready for getting a new job as a web developer. Graduated on December 2017, and got... Read More hired on March 2018. I do have to remind you that the program can be very hard and sometimes frustrating for beginners, but the reward is huge if you practice a lot and have passion in software development.Read Less",general-assembly
"I wanted to continue keeping my job skills up to date, and wanted to study and understand Data Analytics. That might sound like a statement from a young professional, but I'm in my late 50s.I was challenged, and worked hard each of the 10 weeks. I was... Read More welcomed by the other 14 students, most of whom were in their 20s and early 30s. The space itself here in Chicago is located conveniently, large enough for lots of classes being held simultaneously, and is overall a great place to meet and network with others.I don't see any downside, as long as you have a few bucks to invest in your future, which you should. You should look into it, chat with the Bus Dev folks, and enroll. You will be happy you did.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended the Data Science Intensive program (12 weeks full-time) as a career changer. I had basic Python knowledge, and no other computing background, but I had a huge commitment to success as I jumped into unemployment specifically for this course.... Read More I have to say, it was an incredibly hard 3 months! I had to study day and night, also on the weekends, but it was definitely worth it. Eventually, I got a Data Scientist job at one of the biggest technology companies.GA gave me a very practical knowledge that I could use at work straightaway. Technically, I do exactly the same at work as I learnt at GA. I feel more prepared for the role than those who completed a Masters degree in a related field and have a lot of theoretical knowledge that they can't use at real work. The DSI study materials are put together very well, every day is different, it is never boring and it's always challenging. I had some very knowledgeable and inspiring instructors. My classmates were great too; they selected the right people for the cohort. We are still in close connection, meeting up regularly and helping each other as we can. The only area where GA lacks is the outcome support. We did not receive much help from GA find a job after finishing the course. We were told that they had 2400+ hiring partners, but it seems they don't have the right connections nor the right people on the ground to find placement for their graduates. So be prepared: you are entirely on your own to find a job after finishing the cohort, and it will be really hard! You will need to be really persistent and never give up!Overall, I would recommend the GA DSI course to anyone who would like to start a Data Scientist career.Read Less",general-assembly
"There are some excellent instructors at GA you just don’t know whether you’ll be lucky enough to end up in a class with one (good luck!). There is no mechanism by which the teaching technique and style is standardized throughout their instructor staff.... Read More They are all knowledgeable but their ability to teach you in a way you’ll understand is purely luck of the draw. If you have no prior experience with programming prior to bootcamp - you will struggle. Consider the timing of your need to attend-your success is dependent on your ability to keep up with a breakneck pace. A prerequisite to application should be a working knowledge of html, css, and JavaScript. Instead basically anyone who applies will be admitted because....money. Worst of all is the truly dismal outcomes support. Again quality of outcomes “Coach” is luck of the draw. There are a couple of good ones or if you’re like me you end up with the one who just started, has no experience in tech or the US job market, who reeks of NEW. Rating this two stars-my instructors were genuinely good. But. There’s a huge issue with talent filter when it comes to the outcomes team-they should use part of the exorbitant tuition to remedy that. If this as supposed to sell me on a for profit education model it did the opposite.Read Less",general-assembly
Learning web development at General Assembly has given my career new passion and purpose. It was worth every penny for the knowledge support and network that I’ve gained.,general-assembly
"General assembly changed my life. I had the amazing chance to attend this school for their 10 week course UXDI. I gained so much knowledge about UX, and my professors where one of a kind. I do feel like the curriculum would have been a little bit longer.... Read More I would have loved to gain more learning experience on more topics our class weren't able to touch much on. After graduation I worked close with my career coach, and I landed a freelance project after a month and a half of graduation. I'm utilizing my skills and I'm working in an positive motivating environment.Overall, the experience was a 10/10, completely worth everything.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course totally exceeded my expectations for the depth and breadth of the contents, the great quality of the instructors, the fantastic atmosphere in the campus, the effective and friendly support given be the teaching assistants, the support materiais... Read More and references that were shared. I totally recommend it!Read Less",general-assembly
"My experience in the iOS immersive at the SF campus was simply life changing. Quick background, I'm a 40y old UX designer and used to do coding for user interfaces during the early 2000's. I came into the program to rewire my brain into actually not only... Read More planning but also building interfaces again. So that is why I kick started my journey into becoming a unicorn with GA. I chose GA because they felt more like a school/community to me than the other options. They are huge, influential and take the program pretty seriously. Instructors made the best to get everyone to evolve and learn. Swift and Xcode are not easy things to learn, it's much easier to evolve after you get the foundations right than to actually grasp the foundations. So it's no easy job for instructors. But they did a great job and created a favorable learning environment. My classmates, more like the gang, re awesome. We were a 14 ppl class, so it's just amazing to see now everyone hitting the market and finding their pathways. I would recommend this to everyone that wants to get a solid jump start on iOS dev. Those 3 months saved me at least one year. To say the least. Only a word of caution, this program is HARD WORK. If you don't work, its on you. I graduated top of my class not because I was the better coder. But because I outworked people. Be ready to put on the work. Every day I would arrive home and put on 5 hours (plus) on top of the 9 to 5 at GA. So yeah... gotta love what u do.Read Less",general-assembly
"Attending General Assembly was a great experience. What I learned in my classes were relevant to the jobs I am now looking for. The project structure was similar to other bootcamps with 4 projects each getting increasingly more complex. The instructors... Read More are what made all the difference for my class. I felt that the instructors and the TA really cared about us being successful. They did what they could to make us feel comfortable and help us learn.The one con was with the job search. The career counselor we have seems to be overloaded with work. She is spread pretty thin among multiple classes and I do not feel that I have much individual attention. When I do speak with her though, her advice is helpful.Read Less",general-assembly
"I wanted to get a foundation in UX design without being learning to code. GA's User Experience Design course enabled me to learn the entire process from end to end, including research and research synthesis, identifying problems and pain points, hypothesis... Read More development, prototyping, user testing, design iteration, and visual design. I can't wait to work on my next project outside of class.Pros: - Great instructors (Joe Formica and Matt Vaccaro are very knowledgable, good listeners, and can explain complex ideas very simply)- Small class size allows a more personal experience- Great breadth - course covers the entire process- Lots of in-class exercises, individually and in groups- I finished class with an amazing final project / portfolio pieceCons:- Like anything in life, you get out of it what you put in. Work hard and you will have an great experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros : the space feels like a wework incubator but instead of different businesses working separately, everyone is learning and willing to merge their talents to start up something great. Cons: ...",general-assembly
"This is a great starting point for career changers and individuals who wish to immerse themselves into the world of UX. In this 10-week immersive program you'll get your feet wet and cover a good amount of the UX methods and tools, and will apply them... Read More hands-on in 5 projects (plus exercises in between). There will be 40hrs of lectures every week plus ""studio time"". Be ready to work 100-hour weeks if you really want to soak up all the knowledge!A lot depends on the instructors you get and in the students in the group you are in. You should feel comfortable learning and researching things on your own or asking classmates (especially the first few weeks) because it seems that GA's teaching style encourages students to ""google it"" before you ask an instructor.With that said, you will get out what you put in. Most students will graduate, but not all will have what it takes to get a job right after school. Be open for internships, freelance work (emphasis on FREE), connect with as many people in the industry as you can by going to Meetups and other networking events. The job support is meh. Great people work there but their tactics are a bit basic. For those reasons, everyone's portfolios, cover letters, and resumes will look the same (and recruiters/companies know it). Try to stand out, read tons of Mediums, but most importantly, talk to GA Alumni, we all love to help.Read Less",general-assembly
"The online course is very tailored to the material. Most lessons review the topics, show a case study of how the topic is used in action and throughout the lesson, small tasks that build into a portfolio. Weekly check-ins with one person from a group... Read More of mentors give targeted feedback. They have access to your work so they can review directly what you are doing and where to course correct. The lessons are straightforward, the interface is easy to work through and the end of every unit has supplemental information that goes beyond the lesson. Be prepared to download some additional items to complete your work, such as Adobe Illustrator, if you do not have a Mac. I never felt I was without information to complete my work. I feel proud of what I was able to learn, apply and accomplish in the time of this course. I enjoyed this experience so much that look forward to taking another one later this year for marketing.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great lecturer and great lessons, i benefited alot from the real life case studies shared by Daylon Soh our lecturer and interacting with other keen UX people from the different industries.",general-assembly
"I learned enough to be able to continue learning after the course had completed and get a job in my new field within 6 months. I think this is the most important part of the immersive course experience: learning how to learn and how to be persistent in... Read More your efforts. Becoming a developer is a continuous endeavor. You have to keep learning long after the course is complete. If you are willing to do this, you will be successful. If you are not willing to continue your effort indefinitely, do not take this or any coding bootcamp because it is not right for you. I appreciate my experience at GA and would recommend their course to those who, like me, prefer an in-person learning style.Read Less",general-assembly
Highly recommend General Assembly's digital marketing course.Instructors were very knowledgeable and willing to answer all questions.,general-assembly
"I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at General Assembly.The tutors were really insightful. They really helped me progress through the course asking any questions and taught me everything I needed to know to take the next step in my career.Also the people... Read More attending the course were great, I have made some really good friends and everyone supported each other.I hope to be attending more courses at GA.Read Less",general-assembly
"- Pros - 1) Overview of many different approaches provided, including (but not limited to) linear regression, logistic regression, clustering, random forests, and natural language processing. 2) Hands on experience is great. The course is taught through... Read More python, so it gives you a lot of opportunity to learn the language and some fo the relevant packages for machine learning. 3) Interaction with GitHub as a part of the process to get and submit course material is extremely helpful. Data positions do ask about experience with GitHub if this is something that their company uses. 4) The final project provides students with a sense of confidence executing a data science project. I was on the job market after I completed the project and was able to speak in detail about how I approached the data, question, modeling, etc. 5) Instructor Clayton Schupp, and TA, Ed Lee, were beyond helpful in debugging GitHub problems and being available to answer questions. - Cons - 1) I don't feel like this is spoken about very much, but the part time data science course will not provide you with the essential skills to get a data science position immediately. It will prepare you for a data analyst position that uses modeling and has the potential to develop into a data science position. 2) Very little emphasis on how essential SQL is to data science. I cannot imagine anyone getting a data scientist position at a tech start up in SF without knowing SQL. I imagine that it is possible (probably at a large company where data processes are super developed and ingrained in the culture), but I have yet to see it.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great content, very informative and hands on. The problem was that we as working students didn't get the required amount of time for the practice of that content. Classes often were so rushed that many times I was left wondering if i was on the right... Read More track or not. There wasn't anytime invested on critiquing students works. The only feedback was provided by teacher on the weekly homeworks, but there wasn't that immediate feedback that students could provide to each other and allow them to grown as both presenters and viewers of the work.I know the class structure was set up that way, but imagine if the course was 2 or 3 classes longer. That would allow room for people to have better conversations with their peers about their progress on their project.Read Less",general-assembly
"The biggest reason for me to join General Assembly courses was to learn from industry professionals who have crafted their skills at the highest level. That was exactly what I gained from our experience at General Assembly. The teaching materials were... Read More delivered at a nice pace, the assignments allowed me to apply the concepts in a logical yet creative ways and the one to one meeting was particularly valuable as well.I would recommend giving small prizes to top assignments as a way to motivate students to do even better as incentives are a great way to increase the quality of deliverables at the end of the course.Overall I would recommend anyone who is serious about improving their digital craft to join General Assembly.Read Less",general-assembly
"This is the first virtual online class I have ever experienced in my life. I did not know what to expect and to be honest was skeptical of this type of class environment. Most of the time I loved the class participation and effervescent nature of our... Read More teacher, Jordana Meade; however, I felt that there should be a more intermediate to advance class for more experienced digital marketing professionals who want to obtain Google Ad Word Certification, and Google Analytics Certfication. It's great to learn how to do something at a high level, yet it is more important to get more experience in the tools themselves. We rushed through a lot of content, and I felt that while the class provided a lot of solid groundwork, it did not live up to the $4,000 that I paid to take it. If your company is willing to pay for you to take this class then by all means this is a great class. When it comes to spending $4k out of your own pocket to take this class, it is not worth that type of investment.Read Less",general-assembly
GA is very practical in their teaching techniques. Helps to elevate your skills and capabilities not only by providing you with great course material but also by injecting with passion and enthusiasm for the subject.,general-assembly
"Course was intense from day one, learning curve is steep, but at the end of the day, the education was fulfilling, we all learnt alot, and we met very good friends along the way.",general-assembly
"All 3 of the GA instructors for Product Management in Austin are great. Dan Corbin was the lead instructor for my session, and he is a guru in the product world. I was blown away by his knowledge, willingness to meet with and advise students outside of... Read More the classroom, and provide feedback. Dan made this course a success! Overall GA can update their support of the product course and allow for earlier connection to alumni, but they do seem to hire excellent instructors.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly was a great catalyst for changing my career path. I learned about what it takes to be a designer in this ever-changing fast-paced industry.The contacts and leverage it has with companies helped land me a bunch of interviews at the end... Read More of the class, and ultimately a job as a designer; without it I would have NEVER even been considered as a serious applicant.I had some disgruntled classmates who questioned the of knowledge our instructor, but to me the program is just what you want to make of it. Regardless of the instructor (or even the curriculum, really) it's a chance to learn as much as you can inside and outside of class, then focus on creating a portfolio that will help you get your foot in the door with an entry-level job. From there you can do anything - it's up to you.Read Less",general-assembly
Our instructors were great. They gave everyone individual attention and assistance on their projects. It was a tough week with long hours but they were able to maintain a fun atmosphere.,general-assembly
"I think what stands out about GA is its focus on practice. There shouldn't be any disagreement that it is a very fast way to get demonstrated experience on your resume. I was there for 10 weeks and was able to complete 3 quality cases studies. This is... Read More alongside learning the ins and outs of the field I would be entering from UX professionals. It's a very positive learning environment forsure. That being said, It is true that you don't ""need"" GA to learn user experience and you can't learn it all in 10 weeks. That is a knock against it that should affect your decision to lay down the $15k. Overall, I think this particular course is a great fit for the career transitioner. Someone with an already established set of skills looking to freak them into something unique. If you're starting from absolute zero, you may want something beyond this course that gives you a more comprehensive education.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly's Data Science course is a top-notch program that can take a student from novice/beginner to intermediate/advanced in 10 weeks. The curriculum is very current and uses the latest algorithms to solve problems. The instructor of the course... Read More was a PHd in Math, Engineering and Robotics. His level of knowledge of the field was unmatched. The con of the course was the instructor was almost too smart and advanced and sometimes had a difficult time explaining the material.Overall I would recommend General Assembly's Data Science course. Make sure to create relationships with classmates and instructors to help with your career.Read Less",general-assembly
I learned so much during my day-long digital marketing class. The teacher was so knowledgeable and I learned a lot of tangible skills I was able to apply immediately to my business.,general-assembly
"These were by far the most intellectually challenging 3 months of my life. I had ups and downs, some things came easier, most did not. I had prior experience in html/css/javascript and had taken a part time course before. I highly recommend absorbing... Read More everything you possibly can in advance, so you have time to go more in depth in what interests you. I'm not sure I would have stuck through if I had no prior coding experience.Teachers were incredible, facilities were nice, work was tough. The small group scrums and open office hours were a huge help to be able to receive more information in a smaller group. Projects were informative and great practice. You will get out what you put in. If you study, attend office hours, and work hard you will learn incredibly valuable skills. If you are only half interested - do a part time course. My only critique is the course is very structured, you don't have a lot of time to spend on topics that interest you. I was interested in front end, which we spent only about a week or so on. I was able to land an amazing job after just about a month after graduation (and turned down some offers). GA was an absolute game changer for me.Read Less",general-assembly
"GENERAL ASSEMBLY TESTIMONIALDeciding to enroll in the Digital Marketing course at San Francisco’s General Assembly was one of the best and most rewarding decisions I have ever made. Not only did it help me update my digital marketing skills, it also helped... Read More me gain the confidence necessary to take my career to the next level. It was through the quality curriculum and wonderful instructor that I reconfirmed how passionate I am about Digital Marketing. I owe it to General Assembly and my instructor, Cody Morgan, for excellent instruction and the knowledge I needed to steer my career where it is headed today… and that’s very exciting!Read Less",general-assembly
"What made this course worthwhile was the instruction and peer support.The lead instructor I had then is no longer teaching there full time, nor on the same curriculum. His onboarding processes and methods of instruction were efficient and effective. Our... Read More cohort was given a breadth-first overview of web development with enough depth to provide us enough of a base for further personal investigation. Make no mistake: What you get out of this program has everything to do with what you put in.In terms of outcomes, almost all of us found jobs in the profession within a year, but not painlessly or without heartache. My own job search took almost half a year. A few of my classmates got hired right out the door, but most of us were not. Part of that had to do with their prior tech experience, while for my part, I lack polish in certain areas of my dress and demeanor (a constant work in progress). Overall, General Assembly lacked any sort of direct pipeline or apprenticeship mechanism to get students real experience. One or two people pinging you every week about whether you've been keeping up with the resume numbers game isn't efficient.One of the biggest benefits to choosing GA was keeping in touch with former classmates and the GA network in general; I have no doubt that these contacts will come in handy down the road, even if most of us are relatively new to the profession now.NOTES:- It's difficult to combat market forces as an individual-- you just have to roll with it. Gain the necessary skills popular in the tech market in your area (eg: Rails is popular in Chicago, but not as much elsewhere; React and JS are hot generally, but if you want to go back end in an enterprise setting, you'll probably want to pick up Java or .NET, etc). If you're not in a metropolitan area that's a tech hub, MOVE!- ABC: Always Be Coding. Learning never stops; the greater variety of problems and experiences you expose yourself to, the more you'll learn. You'll always be picking up new techniques to solve problems you encounter. Side gigs can be valuable experience, in terms of listing them on your resume and/or portfolio.- You're really being taught how to learn new technical concepts and skills on your own. No program can provide you motivation; that comes from within.- Meet people in your profession; when it comes to getting jobs, it's not always about being able to power through technical interviews on your own prowess; sometimes, it's people who can vouch for your skills who can get you the interview in the first place.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the 10 week part time course in UX design. I definitely enjoyed learning about this field, and the course gives you a great hands on experience. You feel like a UX designer by the end of it. The cons are such:-a lot of money for a program that... Read More exposes you to a field. You are not at all guaranteed a job, and the UX field is super saturated.-teachers may not know how to teach. They are experts in their field, but lack the ability to communicate their ideas.Read Less",general-assembly
"My background has been in the restaurant industry, where I spent 19years in all positions FOH and some BOH. A couple of years ago, I was faced with a very scary decision; I had to decide how to get out of the restaurant industry and make a name for myself.... Read More I took the Mobile Development program at TIY (another bootcamp school, which has subsequently closed down). I was hired on as a junior developer for a local agency for about 8 months. In that time, I learned development did not have my heart. I was spending more time worried about colors and the look of each view controller. Then, when they merged with another large agency, I was laid off.Time to re-group. I decided to attend one of GA's night 101 classes for Visual Design (they offer these short hour long classes to go over the syllabus for all immersive programs at night) ... just to see what it was about .... and, I left with a HUGE smile on my face! This spoke to my soul! I took the part-time Visual Design class; never had I been pushed so hard in the field of computer design ... and, never had I felt SOOOO rewarded in the end! I was addicted! I asked my instructor how to make this my career. He was kind enough to go through both main avenues; one would be to do it on my own and he went through how I would do it. Then, he went through the other route: attend the immersive program for UXDI. After weighing my options, I chose to take the immersive program, and I am SOOOO glad I did! I got more foundational education on ALL aspects of User Experience Design than I would have gotten on my own. The instructor, like my former Visual Design teacher, was HUGELY supportive and took time to make sure everyone felt comfortable with the fast pace and curriculum-intense daily learning. We took breaks often and was mostly at suggestion for the class (they wanted to offer breaks as we needed them). The other thing I learned that was rather a surprise to me, was how to choose my desired role in User Experience Design (there are four MAIN quadrants and subsequent sub-roles), and how to live in that role. Real world experience was well-integrated in the curriculum, almost as seamless as the curriculum itself. We had the opportunity to dream about our own personal project (which I am still working on because it speaks to my heart), and we were able to work with real clients on our last project. My client continued working with me after the course was done and I was hired on for his personal project for the first part of my new career. Towards the end of the course, we had multiple speakers who work as seniors in their field and they shared a short lecture on their day-to-day; staying afterwards to satisfy all questions. We heard from those in User experience as well as the instructor for the Developer class to better prepare how interactions in the real world occur between designers and developers. Even though I have dabbled in the developer field, I worked in such a large agency, I did not communicate with designers, so I found this very helpful. I would be happy to answer any questions for anyone looking to take this course, but if you are interested in building/making/designing/marketing (or any other class GA is offering in your area) .... TAKE IT!!! I feel SUPER confident about all aspects of User experience, and I now have the foundation and knowledge to network properly and begin my new career! Oh yeah ... I also made LOTS of life-long friends!Read Less",general-assembly
"The course structure was excellent. Reviews weekly with a mentor were so helpful, and the mentors themselves were particularly approachable and knowledgable. The structure of learning (articles, presentations, online challenges, videos etc.) was incredibly... Read More engaging and a great way to learn.However, the content of the course felt lacking, in light of the price tag. It didn't go far beyond what you could learn on other websites for free. Would recommend to anybody that would benefit from structured learning. Though, if you're a self-motivated learner, I would look to other services.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course content is good. You'll enjoy the teamwork with the fellow trainees. But you don't go to a non-traditional academy for those only. You are paying half a year's tuition fee, of a standard Master course, to get a better outcome program. But unfortunately... Read More GA, Melbourne hasn't got the slightest clue how to support the trainees with the job hunt. GA, Melbourne needs to work on its outcome program.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: information chunked up nicely, content dispersed with exercises at the right moments.Cons: mentors could have seemed more engaged, couldn't save all slides easily for future reference.",general-assembly
"I had spent many weeks visiting and researching various coding bootcamps around New York and Seattle and finally settled on General Assembly.There were a couple factors that led me to choose GA.For one, I needed a shorter program (although if you can... Read More swing doing a longer one, by all means do it). More time to program can only help make you a stronger candidate afterwards.Another factor was my experience with the staff at a preview event. You could definitely see the polish in regards to how they market their program and everything was highly organized with staff and teachers present for you to meet and ask any questions you had. Honestly I could tell that people really liked working there and it showed. Previous students talked highly of their experience and this was a major factor for me.The biggest X-Factor for me was making sure my teachers were solid. Our cohort originally had one of the longest tenured instructors scheduled to teach our course, and I had the opportunity to meet him at a preview event. Sadly, he ended up leaving for another job right before our bootcamp started which meant we were stuck with 2 first time teachers. Even though this was not GA's fault, it still negatively impacted our cohort. One student left during the program because of this. However, GA did offer supplemental classes for us at the end and did their best to support us. So make sure you interview the teachers beforehand to see who you're getting, it makes a huge difference.Otherwise, the community is great. GA has the advantage of having a huge network of staff, students, and connections all over the world. They also teach multiple classes on different aspects related to the tech world including UX Design, Data Science, and Project Management which offers more opportunities to cross mingle and network with others in different disciplines. This is a big plus, especially if you're new to tech.The new Seattle facility is in a great location and offers generous spaces to work and mingle and have the occasional networking event to share a few beers with others.The one thing I'd say that might need improvement is the pre-work segment. Numerous boot camps tackle this issue differently so I'm sure they are all still working it out. GA's was about 20-40 hrs of pre-work, depending on how quickly or familiar you already are with coding. I'd seen some boot camps have 100 hrs minimum. While it was nice to know that I didn't have to do as much work, I also found out that I needed probably a little more help in prepping for Javascript prior to the course since when you get started, it's hard to catch up if you fall behind. But each person's experience will vary I'm sure. Also, just to re-emphasize, make sure your teachers are good. Ask other students who have been taught by them. Do your homework. It's a lot of money you're investing.Also be aware that after the program, you will need to do most of the work to find a job on your own. It doesn't mean they won't provide resources and some prep training, but in no way does this guarantee a job. While they might say expect 3 months for the job search, think more like 6 months at least.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros:1. Instructors are knowledgeable and helpful2. Great environment to learn.3. Great support for Job searchCons:1. Potential employers for meet and greet session are not aware of the GA Ciriculumn,general-assembly
"Teacher I had: A+Coursework: AGA Staff: Mostly B+Community / Network: D-Course Impact on Hirability: FI attended the part time Product Management course (40 hours). I really liked the program. I had an awesome teacher. The GA personnel that I dealt with... Read More were always friendly and tried to be helpful. I also attended many of their other one-off classes, panel discussions, etc. and really enjoyed those immensely as well.Now for the bad part. I had been promised before signing up that there was a GA community/network I could plug into afterwards, but once I finished the course and began looking for jobs I found that for all practical purposes, there was no such thing - at all. I feel like for all practical purposes I got lied to. I was left *completely* on my own. Because I did not have connections of my own, and was coming from industries that didn't utilize PM's, my own network was nonexistent and therefore not having any network through General Assembly was a huge blow.That's since changed, a little, at least in Denver. When I pointed out that a competitor had a *very* lively Slack community, they started one for Denver and last I checked it was being used some, but nothing even close to like what I saw from the competitor. It seems they are trying to do better in this area.Unfortunately, the training also hasn't helped my career in any way. It turns out that for Product Management, almost nobody hires PM's with no experience. Pretty much the only way into a Product Management role is to move within a company from another position. It's your current environment and connections that matter, not your training. Would I do it all over again? If it was free, yes. I loved the course and learned a lot. But I also have student loan debt that I'm saddled with and no return yet whatsoever on my investment.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'd heard some really good things about the Immersive UX Design course, but because I wasn't able to attend full time, I decided to do the part time course to learn the basics. The course was just okay -- I don't think my instructor had enough experience... Read More to be teaching a course herself. (I've heard that GA hires back some of its grads if they haven't found a job in a certain amount of time, maybe that sort of thing happened here.) She was nice, but I don't think I'd have learned very much if I wasn't already working in a semi-UX role. It was somewhat helpful to have the course completion on my resume, but I didn't learn a ton more from this program that I'd learned with free online tutorials and classes through Udemy.com. I've also heard that your experience is very dependent on your instructor -- some people leave the course having learned a ton, others not so much.Read Less",general-assembly
Instructor works in the field and was extremely knowledgeable. Course was a nice pace at first then it started to get heavy. Wish I was able to put aside more time to really dive in. The skills obtained in this course helped me to work more efficiently... Read More with data and provide a higher caliber of data analysis for my clients. Highly recommend taking this course.Read Less,general-assembly
This course is fast-paced and packs in a lot of content in a short space of time which can give you a real-life pressure scenario. The mentors are a great addition so use them if you can. I found it a little fast with full-time work to get everything... Read More done in time for the following week's work especially when it came to getting participants but it was a great overview of all the areas of UX design which allowed me to see what areas interested me the most. All-in-all a great course.Read Less,general-assembly
"I was at a crucial juncture when I was just trying to get back into work from my maternity break and after running a free lance business for small and medium businesses. While I had the acumen from a strategic standpoint, the depth of my experience in... Read More execution of a digital strategy, I felt, had a few gaps. I walked in to General Assembly to find out more about the courses on offer. The admissions point of contact was a young gentleman and was surely friendly, but lacked the depth in industry experience and could not answer my specific questions. I was oscillating between GA in Melbourne and short course with Harvard Uni and the cost of the courses were about 2k to 3 k more at Harvard of course. However, I upon much consideration I went with GA, because the faculty profile seemed more suitable for what I was looking for - to be able to deep into the execution only to know the nuances of it and not really or necessarily work on it hands on. The 10 week program was a great deep dive into the mechanics of a campaign and channels and strengthened the strategic thinking that backs the campaigns. The faculty Steve Toms is particular was absolutely fabulous from day 1. His focus to make sure that the entire class got a grip of digital marketing was simply stupendous! Maria the supporting faculty was great too. I would highly recommend any marketing course taught by Steve at GA. A particular mention to the flexibility of the curriculum. Steve actually included a component that was not initially part of the course, simply bcos of the market demands from when we had started the course. So GA yes! The only little side note would be the pace of the course, which was a bit accelerated and that means it could get pretty hectic to do justice to the course sometimes.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended General Assembly's UX Design Immersive Program in 2015 and it was exactly what I needed to shift my career from Product Management to Design. : A solid foundation in the basics, enough real world projects to get my portfolio going, and tons... Read More of career support. I was able to land a related job within a month and increased my salary by 40% within a couple years of graduating. That said, I wouldn't say that GA is for everyone. I feel it was a success for me because I came in with a pretty solid background of related experience (Product Management at a startup) and lots of specific industry expertise (Grad school and past work in health care). I saw that finding that next job was a lot harder for some of my colleagues who had less job experience or came from a less related field. In other words, it takes a certain level of experience and clarity over your career to benefit the most. I don't think I'd recommend this program to fresh college grads with little real world experience. There is a strong focus on UX/UI versus service design, visual design, or coding. You get a quick flavor of these things but really just a snapshot. This course goes very broad but not too deep, but there's opportunity to focus more on the areas that interest you. The best part about GA was belonging to a community and coming away with a great network of friends and professionals. I also found the career support to be fantastic. Great advice and practical tips and accountability in your job search.Read Less",general-assembly
"""Always ask why!"" is my overarching take away from my lead instructor. He showed true knowledge in the field of UX and CX design and this is justified in his engaging presentations. Every question I had was answered, backed up by an array of industry... Read More examples which display both the breadth and depth of my instructor's experience across the field. Today, I confidently practice the tools and skills I learn't in my UX classes and recommend anyone interested in experience design to give it a go.Read Less",general-assembly
I enjoyed the one on one feedback the most as my mentor would walk me through how I could have done something differently or quicker. I also worked full time while taking this course and the flexibility of one on ones if something came up for work was... Read More very valuable to me. The structure of the class was also something I found aided in how much I enjoyed it and got out of it. Material through videos and presentations then an exercise that related to it.Read Less,general-assembly
"I had the best experience at GA and here is why.The teachers were very engaging and knowledgeable. Took the time to make sure everyone understands the material. They make sure you have a real-life experience by making you work through different scenarios... Read More and teams.I got a job after a month from Graduation with a start-up and then moved on to another company after three months from graduation all because of the preparation by the teachers, success coaches and the whole team.Read Less",general-assembly
"Had an awesome time at General Assembly. The class taught me how to learn and did many real-life projects. I couldn't believe that I learned HTML, CSS, jQuery, Ruby Rails, React.js in a matter of 3 months. Instructors and all classmates are very supportive.... Read More We all became one big family by the end of the cohort. It was hard looking for a job right after the program. Almost all firms and companies are looking for more experienced developers and it was very depressing to get one rejection after another. GA career coach kept in touch with me for once a week and urged me to keep applying. After two months of applying and numerous rejections later, I got my first job as a front-end developer at a start-up company. It was an interesting experience. All my learning from GA paid off. I was picking up new languages very quickly and easily. However the job wasn't paying my bill. After 5 months, I left the start-up company and went back to my old workplace which I left for GA for a career change. Needless to say, I came back to a different position with a bit higher pay-grade than my previous position. It is not what I had hoped but it is a bit better than before..Is my time at General Assembly worth it? Hell yeah!. But I'm not so thrilled about job seeking right after the program.Read Less",general-assembly
I thought the content was great and easy to understand. It definitely gave me a great foundation to start my UX career. There are mentoring sessions but they don’t really give you much feedback about your work. There’s actually very little review of what... Read More you produce. That’s my only complaint. Would be nice to have hour long sessions as well vs. 30min. Hard to get much done during that time. Also I requested feedback via email between sessions as they tell you to do and a few times I never heard back.Read Less,general-assembly
"I attended both the front end and back end courses. I did learn a lot, but felt that I would have got a lot more from the courses with some prior knowledge. Absolute beginners probably would benefit more from learning at least HTML prior to starting the... Read More courses.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA is simply where GreAt things happen. I chose UX design immersive and was in a class of 19, probably 19th in the ranking of knowledge, but that never became my weakness. The entire class along with the Instructional team was super supportive and I truly... Read More felt being part of a GiAnt family.Read Less",general-assembly
"I've taken a number of bootcamps and part time courses over the years as a way to continue to push my skills and accelerate in my role and my career. Each class has been focused, useful, and engaging. General Assembly has two things going for it: skilled... Read More and experienced professionals teaching and supporting, and well structured curriculum. I leave every General Assembly course with new knowledge and an expanded network.Read Less",general-assembly
"Do you want to use the internet to sell your product? Are you confused about which sites to you use? How do you get folks to actually buy your product after clicking on the ad?The General Assembly Digital Marketing Course teaches you how to distinguish... Read More between the various social media sites andsell your product. The live video conferencing mentor meetings keep you on taskand are an invaluable resource. The interactive video conferences allow you tocreate questions ahead of time, share your work, and prevent you from getting stuck because ofone question.  Which sites have the largest audience? Pros: Create a marketing campaign by starting with an achievable ""smart"" objective.Decide which key performance indicators to use to measure the success of your campaign.Learn how to attract and interact with your customers at each stage of the conversion funnel.Learn how to set a budget and use it to reach key performance objectives.Use A/B testing to try out two different campaigns. Learn which channels are most effective.How do I create compelling copy to get the audience to click through?Which headlines bring the audience to action?Cons: The course should be 2 weeks longer. It is a tremendous amount of information for one month.There should have been an allocated time for the course registrants to video conference as well, not just the student and mentor.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the FEWD course back in 2014, it was held on Saturdays which was a huge plus if you already have a full-time role. The GA facility in Santa Monica is right next to 3rd Street so you can still take advantage of your day off immediately after class... Read More ends. The instructors (Ethan, Ray and Jenn) have both the knowledge and experience to help you add to your tool set.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took a Digital Marketing full-time course. I learned enough to know the general basis of each topic (user experience, email, analytics, etc.) but felt like the class was priced steeply (I had no employer to contribute to the payment).",general-assembly
"I am a GA alumni and i was enrolled in the WDI program. Coming from a background in sales and HR, i was only self taught in how to program. I had no experience or background. So I was a little hesitant and scared.When I enrolled and started the program,... Read More that all changed. My classmates and our professors made things so comfortable and easy for me. The professors were always there to help and taught me so many things and I learned so much in 12 weeks. I became more and more confident every day in my skills as a web developer. Also, the staff at GA, the employees, and everyone else made my entire time there very comfortable and fun. They were all very supportive and always ready to help out in any way they can. The job counselors were also great! They would hold workshops/classes on how to fix your resume, linkedin profile, and give you great advice on what to do when you finished the course.It was not all easy and just coming to school for 8 hours and going home. You have to put in a lot of work and be determined to finish the program. In my honest opinion you have to put in at least 12 hours a day and always be learning and motivated to learn. GA will definitely provide you with all the tools and resources you need but you have to use it and work hard for it.I graduated from GA in 2015 and I found a part time job about 3 weeks after i graduated, and a full time permanent position about 6 months after i graduated. It is a big investment but it is totally worth it as it will prepare you for a bright future and great career.Read Less",general-assembly
"We had an all star group of teachers for our class. They focused on teaching us at a pace that was easy to grab on to while making fun and engaging. They were able to help each student and provide the appropriate attention that we need. Our Career Coach... Read More was amazing. The career coach focused on ensuring that we followed a plan and engaged with potential employers in a proper manner. If I was going to do it all over again I would choose GA again, especially in Chicago.Read Less",general-assembly
"Attending a coding bootcamp was arguably one of the hardest life transitions I've ever made. That said, never have I interacted with such genuine people as I did at General Assembly. They were new to Denver but already had a good reputation. The course... Read More is fast-paced and challenging. The moment you feel like you're getting comfortable, they drop something new on you. They claim that they're mostly teaching you how to learn, and in retrospect I believe that to be true. I had many an hour trying to figure out errors I didn't fully understand and now that I am a full-time developer, I can tell you that those skills are invaluable. The staff at GA was attentive and had a genuine desire to help us succeed. They checked in on us on a personal level often and guided us through some of the hardest weeks with kindness. Even the enrollment staff and TAs were all wonderful to interact with.After graduation was a bit of a cluster, with a last minute scramble to get things in order. I wish that had been handled better. To be fair though they were in the middle of staffing changes. I will also add that I received my first job offer as a direct result of one of my instructor's contacts (who reached out to him). I am still in touch with the staff at GA and my former instructors, they still kindly answer questions for me and I feel lucky to consider them my colleagues now.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took FEWD 30 at GA in San Francisco. It was a great mini immersion into the world of coding. I was looking to make a career change at the time but didn't have much direction. I knew I liked logic and learning new languages so this seemed like a step... Read More in the right direction. The class not only taught me how to build a website and intro'd me to three coding languages, it also gave me confidence using other doc based programs like excel. The only con, which I knew going in, was that this was not a way to gain entry to an engineering job. A more immersive class is definitely required to even consider that direction. It helped me break into the tech world and work well with product teams at the various companies I now manage :)Read Less",general-assembly
"I took their Digital Marketing program in 2016 where they teach me general strategies across several different marketing channels. One of my main takeaways was to always be emphatic and to understand who my audience is. I was excited to learn how to keep... Read More people engaged and to always go the extra mile to establish trust and long-term loyalty. Since then, I've been an advocate for the school, taking other classes and encouraging others to take them as well. This all changed when last November I requested information for another program and they started blasting my inbox with automated emails. After 4 of them, I cordially explained in a lengthy message my background, my experience, my goals, and what I wanted to do with the program but to also note that I only wanted to attend an info session. What happened the next day? They sent me another email without caring for what I had already explained. A few months later I requested information for another program and in the very first email I received they told me that since I was ""no longer interested"" they would not send me more information. I was shocked because its pretty abnormal to receive such email when I had just enquired for a particular course. Anyways the story doesn't ends here, I Twitted to other schools because of GA's service and then GA reached out (of course). I spoke with a Manager and had a warm conversation about my experience, about why I wanted to learn JavaScript. We spent around 45 minutes talking about JAVASCRIPT and how the school messed up. After the call I receive another email and you want to know what happened? You guessed right, the messed up again by sending me another automated email ""congratulating me"" for getting admitted to the Digital Marketing program.......the program I've been already alumni since 2016! Then another call with another manager, he again apologized for the big headache acknowledging how they have been turning me down and asked what they could do for me to regain their confidence, I said I didn't feel comfortable paying for the course anymore. He understood, but then had the face to come back to me with a cheap discount. Like telling me to my face ""I really dont care about your struggles with us"". Why hypocrites? because that is not what they teach me. If you messed up, you fix it however you can. Its not about the money, it's about your reputation as an educational institution, which you guys lost. At the end I went with NY Code and Design Academy where they have been treating me amazing. I highly recommend them instead of GA. Same content, more time (if you combine courses), less students per instructor(more 1x1s), and at the end is even a few bucks cheaper. I made the best decision ever.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm so glad I decided to take this course. It helped me kickstart my career as a graphic designer and provided many helpful tools and resources. By the end of the course, I felt competent using the design program, expanded my knowledge and vocabulary,... Read More got a sense of what it's like working in the field, and had plenty to add to my portfolio. If you're making a career switch, or are looking to sharpen your skills as a designer, I highly recommend investing in these courses. You won't regret it!Read Less",general-assembly
I found this program incredibly useful. I only wish I had more time outside of class to complete the assignments and add to my projects. I was working two jobs at the time that I took this course and it was hard to balance everything. I thought the layout... Read More of the course was great and all the materials were super clear. I just revisited some of them to help me work through a SQL issue I came across at work. Many of the activities were group based and I thought the projects were thought-provoking and fun. I wish we had spent more time working with SQL because it was the least intuitive platform for me but this course gave a great base-level understanding.Read Less,general-assembly
"The UX Design Course at General Assembly is an extremely well designed experience. The proportion of theory / practical work is perfect, and the 1:1 support of the mentors is amazing. I really feel that's the best course I've taken so far (and I am a... Read More learning-addict). Very recommended!Read Less",general-assembly
"I did the 3 month full-time immersive program after trying to teach myself web development for a year. Best move I ever did! The people are amazing and you learn so much in a short time period. having said that, It is a get out what you put in type of... Read More program. Do the bonus level assignments.They teach you a lot of stuff but there is more content out there than they can possibly teach you. Study at home, study on the weekends it'll only help you.Job support is as good as it can get without them handing you a job. Resume/cover letter help, interview prep, list of businesses that have hired grads, alumni network.Recently(winter 2017/2018) the Alumni job-seeker slack channel as had good opportunities show up thanks to a new hire at GA DCTips:* Start learning to code before you start. Any experience will help you immensely* This will be your life for the next 3 months. Make sure your friends/family/significant others understand that* Network, network, network. Talk to your classmates, talk to the other students, go to meetups. It's not what you know is who you know.* Be prepared for a long job search. ~20,000 bootcamp graduates this year + college grads + people with experience.* Took me 6 months to accept a job offer(1 internship, 3 job offers, &gt;300 applications) with no networking and no cover letter. So start networking already!* Keep in touch with classmates* Go to Post Pub and get a beer or 2, and a french dip at lunchPros:* inclusive environment* good workspace* Amazing instructors and fellow students* Good DC location* First Fridays!* Exposure to meetups, professionals, and alumni baseCons:* wish was more in-depth on some topics* Job support is average but getting betterRead Less",general-assembly
Data analytics course was a fast track approach to learn about data and get hands on how to deal with big datasets and improve other skills. Very handful.,general-assembly
"After college, I worked a variety of jobs in admin, higher ed, and HR before I realized I felt unfulfilled in my career. I took each job opportunity as it came, but I didn't feel like I ever made a deliberate choice with what I wanted to do. After continual... Read More research and soul searching, I found out about UX Design and thought it would be the perfect extension of my degree in Psychology with the added creativity that was missing in my career. Also through that research, I stumbled upon General Assembly and was considering their part-time and full-time UX Design programs. After lots of planning, I decided to quit my full-time job to complete the 10-week, full-time UX Design Immersive program at General Assembly. It was the scariest decision I've ever made. But it also was the best thing I've ever done.The program itself was very eye opening for me. I had an idea of what UX Design was as a whole, but I did not know what the day-to-day work would be like. I don't think I could have put together a cohesive portfolio without this program. It gave me my foundation of design thinking, which I still use today, but design is a continually evolving field that requires constant learning and building off of that foundation.It took me 6 months of solid job hunting before I landed my first and current role as a Product Designer. I tried cold applying, coffee meetings, etc. and ultimately landed this role through networking.Final takeaways: I recommend this program for those that have a clear understanding of how it will move their career forward, for example, if you are building off of previous experience that you want to supplement. This is not a 10-week program that will magically turn you into a designer. It is a great starting point, but an expensive one if you are nervous or hesitant about what you will do with it afterward. As long as you go into it knowing that a lot of work is required after you finish the program, then it is one of the greatest things you can do to get one step closer as a designer.Read Less",general-assembly
"What a wonderful school, learned so much in such a short amount of time, met great people and the skills I was taught were always relevant and necessary. The projects and task were key to what jobs would expect entry level designers could achieve. Teachers... Read More made themselves available outside of class hours and were always excited to help. I'll recommend GA to anyone looking for a career change into tech!Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the User Experience Design course (part time) at General Assembly Boston in the Spring of 2017. I was a self taught UX Designer at that time with a background in Graphic Design. Taking the General Assembly course is one of the best decisions I... Read More have made. I learned so much in the matter of three months.PROS:- Great environment: Diversity in students, my professor was awesome, staff was friendly, cool kitchen area and lounge with free coffee/tea and unforgettable views of Boston- Great location next to good eateries and the train is only a block away.- All the slides and handouts they post on Schoology is still available to you after you finish- Exit survey is offered at the end of each class about what you learned- I finished the three month course with a completed project to add to my portfolio and a certificate of completion to add on my resume- Curriculum is good for a 3 month course- At the end of the course they go over how to present projects in your portfolio and what to expect when looking for jobs.I didn't utilize much of the job support since I was already working as a UX Designer so I don't have much to say on that.CONS:- The curriculum is good, though wish they go in depth a little more - but then again, if you are doing the 3 month course, there is only so much you can do.- Consist of a pretty heavy work load where you need to read articles posted on Schoology and complete exercises and quizes for homework. If you work full time, be prepared to spend your nights on homework.- I find the grading requirements confusing - but this probably varies with each professor. I always read the requirements, and most times I felt like I satisfied the highest grade requirements - only to find out 50% of those times I didn't - which is very disappointing to me as I am a type A kind of person.Overall General Assembly is a great place full of nice and knowledgable people. I would definitely go back.Read Less",general-assembly
"As somebody with a limited background in computer science, programming and statistics, this course did a great job easing me into the material and equipping me with the confidence to strike out on my own. The instructors were kind and knowledgeable. What's... Read More more, the curriculum was well designed, with the topics logically linked together. My only qualm is that I did the part-time course instead of the full-time course!Read Less",general-assembly
"I came into this program with prior professional design experience and it was a great way to upgrade my design career. Unfortunately I don't think the pace was best for someone like me. I wished that I could've been in an accelerated class with other... Read More designers, rather than being in a class full of people who didn't have any design experience (or even know how to use Adobe..). I also wished I had professionals teaching my class, rather than GA alumni with no professional design experience teaching it.The most useful part of this curriculum that I still use to this day is the Outcomes portfolio and interview training. I can definitely say that the networking and portfolio/resume training was invaluable in helping me with my career. I am also excited to have a network of GA alumni around the world.Read Less",general-assembly
"The full time immersive program at General Assembly helped me step into the technology world as I previously worked (in a non-tech job) and helped me develop my skills to become equipped to join fellow developers creating websites. When doing the program,... Read More they taught frameworks and applications that are useful for the potential market of the home city and equip you with basic skills necessary to develop your own website and simple small applications that you can apply to larger applications.Read Less",general-assembly
"I loved my time at GA. At the time, it was exactly the switch I needed to change my career trajectory (previously photography) and I wanted to get accelerated help into the UX field because it called me. The UX field is dynamic and constantly changing... Read More and GA mirrors this sentiment by constructing a program to meet the industry standards that gives students a strong overview and clear foundation on user centered principles. I made some great friends in my cohort, some of which I still talk to till this day. You build a support bubble which is nice because everyone is on the same page, going through the same experience, making mistakes, learning, repeat. But GA becomes a playground for that. There are no wrong answers and the instructors understand that yet also make you aware of the reality of how certain scenarios will play out in the real world. My only con is that it's EXPENSIVE. I was fortunate enough to get a loan through Climb credit however I'm still pay this loan off. In retrospect, I should have perhaps waited a year before I enrolled into the program to learn more of the principles on my own. UX was really starting to boom but there weren't as tons of video's out on Youtube back then as there are now. (so take advantage of this.) I know the price tag went up so you really have to internalize where your at in life and confirm where you want to go post GA life because trust me - it goes by fast. In a blink of an eye - it's over. My advice is, if you have the money do it. If not, surf the web and try out every course you can get your hands on and start putting together a portfolio. Get plugged in with meetups in your area, facebook groups, get a Linkedin page - brand yourself. Overall, my attitude towards GA is positive - Good luck!Read Less",general-assembly
The class was ok but I feel like there was too much information crammed in to too tight of a timeline. It didn't give me the opportunity to hone my skills as much as I'd like. Homework was much simpler than actual work required for projects so I don't... Read More feel like it prepared you in the right ways. I felt like I left with an overall understanding of how things work - but the inability to really dive in and do things on my own. I'd suggest going to a workshop before signing up for a full blown class.Read Less,general-assembly
"The User Experience Design immersive course is a great course for career switchers who have relevant prior experience (be it psychology, marketing, visual design, web development, anthropology…or other related disciplines) who already know how to think... Read More critically quite well. 10 weeks is not enough to magically turn someone into a great problem solver, so you’d need to be a pretty good problem solver already in order to get the most out of the course, and to land a job quickly after the course.General Assembly will teach you the VERY basics of most UX methods and tools, and give you an introduction to design thinking - JUST enough so that you can START a career in UX. And the people who have been able to start their UX careers quickly afterwards (from my class) have all been extremely hard working and resilient, putting in a lot of extra time to do stuff like refine their work, read up on technology trends, learning coding, etc.The other wonderful thing about GA is the social environment - you make some terrific, life long friends; you get introduced to lots of people in the industry; and you get to showcase your work at a reverse job fair, and if you are good, you will usually land a few interviews from it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I really like attending GA courses because they are good overviews of subjects straight from teachers who work in the relevant industry. You are able to ask questions, keep in contact with the teacher and other students which helps future business/job... Read More prospects.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended a part time Data Science course over the summer. It ran for 10 weeks and took me from not knowing how to approach Data Science in Python to being confident running my own projects and exploring that space on my own. I have gone on to continue... Read More to use these skills, and build out my knowledge independently.The course covered a bunch of useful topics. All course material was super useful. I learned new things every week. Progress through the course was slowed by the entire class not having prepared on python basics courses such as code academy intro to python. Students were super collaborative though and everyone helped each other out. Assessment in the course was limited to exit tests and a final assessment project at the end.The final project ran over the whole ten weeks and was a challenging and necessary component. It was tough to keep the work up for the GA course at the same time as doing a full time job. It essentially ate all my weekends for that time. The estimated effort of six hours a week might be a little low.The course was a super positive intro to Data Science in python and I'd recommend it to anyone.Read Less",general-assembly
"The teacher of this course was great. Very enthusiastic and high energy, which was key for a class that ran after a workday on Wednesday nights. The coursework was perfectly balanced to give us enough time to learn the concepts. I felt like the SQL portion... Read More could have been a little longer and taken up some time from the excel portion, but I am already familiar with Excel. I finished the course feeling capable of basic to intermediate SQL queries and Tableau skills. After completing the course I was promoted from a Coordinator to an Analyst position in my company, and I definitely think this course helped that happen.Read Less",general-assembly
"I had a very positive experience in my UXDI course that ran from Sept 2017-Dec 2017. I was looking to make a change and build upon my skillset as a former Film Producer and Ad Agency Account Executive. General Assembly had a good reputation and I did... Read More some (personal) investigatory work to see if UX was the right path for me, enrolling in a weekend UX Design bootcamp. I loved the class and decided to apply to the program, extremely excited but still nervous about making such a huge decision that would change my life.Fast forward to present day. I completed the course and am in the midst of a job search. I'll be completely transparent and say this is the most challenging part of the entire process, as I was warned it would be. Job searching is a full-time job and the market is competitive. However, knowing I have the unwavering support of my UXDI cohort makes this process exponentially more bearable and has allowed me to remain my usual, up-beat self. Coming into the course, I knew I would learn a great deal from the instructional staff and the hands-on experience that comes with completing 5 projects, but I did not expect to learn so much from....my peers! Everyone in my 24-person cohort, fittingly named the ""Honey badgers,"" has a unique background and personality. As such, everyone has something to teach and learn from everyone else. Not only that, but each member of my cohort was INCREDIBLY supportive - even in times when helping a classmate meant you might have to make a personal sacrifice. I couldn't believe that competition and negative attitudes were left at the doors of GA and completing the course was a team effort- no Honey badger left behind! I also want to call out our instructional team (including Outcomes) who went above and beyond to make our classroom a safe, supportive, collaborative space filled with creativity, curiosity, and (perhaps most importantly) laughter and a true sense that we were a Honey badger family.What you get out of this course is definitely dictated by what you put into it and I am eternally grateful my path crossed with 27 amazing people during my time at GA.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros:- instructors are down to earth- the students are diverse and come from different walks of life- the material was fitting for both beginners and experienced devs- support from everyone- so many resources for us to learn- there is a team (outcomes)... Read More designed to help students find opportunities Cons:- the strict no lateness rule- the outcomes program is a bit oversold as far what they can do to help students succeed afterwardsRead Less,general-assembly
"I took the 10 week Data Science class about 2 years ago. The curriculum absolutely teaches you the skills you need for the job, and the teacher and TAs are the most helpful people. Highly recommened",general-assembly
"I took the 10 week Data Science class about 2 years ago. The curriculum absolutely teaches you the skills you need for the job, and the teacher and TAs are the most helpful people. Highly recommened",general-assembly
"I took the 10 week Data Science class about 2 years ago. The curriculum absolutely teaches you the skills you need for the job, and the teacher and TAs are the most helpful people. Highly recommened",general-assembly
"I was very hesitant to take General Assembly's 10 week Data Analytics course, because I feared I would be wasting my time while we covered Excel. I was pleasantly surprised to have the very best instructor one could wish for...at least for me. He quickly... Read More picked up what level I was at and made sure the class still challenged me throughout. I have so much respect and gratitude for David (the instructor) and hope he continues his teaching adventure for years to come.. he's such a natural at it! I graduated from the Data Analytics course feeling more knowledgeable, but also accomplished, thanks to the various projects we had to complete.I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn more about Excel (even I still learned a few new tricks), SQL, and a little Tableau. The Tableau portion was very short, but enough to feel confident if I ever had to work in it.Read Less",general-assembly
"Web development bootcamp can be incredibly difficult. You feel like you know nothing about 98% of the time and you are constantly questioning whether you can and should continue. My experience at GA was incredible. Any time I questioned myself, I looked... Read More around at my instructors and my peers and knew I had to continue. My instructors made even the dullest subjects come to life with their stories and upbeat attitude. The projects we worked on were fun and relevant. My peers all wanted to help me succeed, we collaborated constantly to bring each other up. Honestly, I don't know if I would have been able to finish bootcamp had I gone anywhere else.Read Less",general-assembly
"The pros of taking the 10 week Data Analytics is that is a good introduction hands-on to learning Excel Tricks (Pivot Tables, Cleaning up large data worksheets, Appling useful Formulas0, SQL (developing &amp; running queries for large data) and apply data... Read More visualization tools using Tableau. Using real data (real world and current) examples in projects is extremely helpful. This class requires you to invest several hours per week to practice and practice to get the hang of it and do different scenarios to see what works and doesn't. The cons of the class is its not cheap at all. Sometimes working in group projects can be challenging depending who paired with, some do more work than others. Overall instructor was very helpful and provided own experience from real world.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm currently enrolled in a User Experience Design course at General Assembly (in San Francisco). I've taken numerous workshops and courses related to marketing, as well as their Digital Marketing course, and I absolutely love it! Their location makes... Read More it super convenient for those (like me) who work full-time in downtown San Francisco, and their tools of communication/feedback for help are plentiful and accessible in so many ways. All of my teachers/coaches displayed such mastery in their topics and a genuine love/passion for the students and their teaching. I'm privileged to have my company sponsor my learning/coursework, so I recommend doing the same. General Assembly has allowed me to explore coursework and academia at a professional level, and I don't plan on stopping anytime soon.Read Less",general-assembly
The lessons were challenging and help me reach a new level of understanding. With the help of the teachers and assistants I was able to receive help and progress my learning.,general-assembly
"Overall I was pleased with the Digital Marketing bootcamp that I attended, which was held over the course of six days in the NYC office. Although I was already familiar with many of the topics like content marketing and social media, it was good to receive... Read More a refresher course on best practices. The most useful information was on Google AdWords; I do wish that there was more explanation of intermediate tactics for paid social media advertising, like Facebook pixels. For a six day class, it was worth the money.Read Less",general-assembly
"So I took the Web Development Immersive at the Los Angeles. Overall it was a great experience. The instructors were awesome and the material was very informative. They give you all the tools to learn and succeed, you just have to make sure that you put... Read More in the work after hours. The location is perfect with plenty of places to eat and hang out. Give it a shot and take a tour or talk to some of the instructors. You will not regret it.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took two classes at GA - the first being a part-time visual design class and the second being UX Design Immersive. There was a huge difference between the two. The part-time class was okay but I honestly didn't gain much from it. The teacher wasn't... Read More super helpful in addressing individual projects. For UX Immersive, the instructors were extremely intelligent and taught more than I thought was humanly possible to learn in a 10-week time frame. However, I heard that after I left, the classes nearly tripled in size and the quality plummeted. I can say that my time in the UX Immersive class was well worth the time and money. I initially took the class mainly for the job support, which was very underwhelming. The career coaches were knowledgeable but not very helpful; they would basically just push us to keep applying to jobs and if we didn't apply to 10x/week, then we would lose career coaching, which was pretty ridiculous. I got a freelance job right out of the class by luck and that lasted 3 months. I reached out to my career coach once the job ended and they told me that I had already received the support because I landed a job-- which is funny, considering they didn't even help me find that job. The career coach that worked with us over the course of the 10-weeks was fired around the time that we graduated because she had slept with a student in my class. The school had a lot of issues but overall the class itself was a very positive experience.Read Less",general-assembly
The pros are that the course helped me understand the industry terms and tools as well as expectations for portfolios and interviews. These things helped me position myself for ux roles. Cons are that I was only able to land a new role because ux was... Read More similar to my current role.Read Less,general-assembly
"I recently completed the UX Immersive program at GA and cannot say enough great things about the curriculum, instructor and the overall community that GA cultivates. My instructor Nick has years of experience designing and developing and was able to incorporate... Read More his real-world experiences into our classroom. The course is project based so it was a good blend of classroom learning paired with hands on application - we even got to work for a local client for our capstone project. I would highly recommend this program to anyone thinking about breaking into the UX space.Read Less",general-assembly
"I found the instructors were excellent and the course seemed well-organized and planned out. Classes were consistently derailed when a few people didn't understand the material, even though there was a teaching assistant to provide additional support... Read More during class and office hours were offered. I found the interruptions to be very distracting. I felt the class overall gave me a good base understanding of HTML and CSS, but not in-depth enough to have gotten a job as a front end web developer (although I did learn enough to feel comfortable exploring more concepts independently). For the cost of the program, I was expecting to get more out of it.Read Less",general-assembly
"As a complete newbie to front-end languages, this class and its curriculum helped me navigate the front-end of a page. I learned so much is less than 3 months. The weekly assignments kept me on my toes, I met really great people and learned life-long... Read More lessons. I truly believe that the knowledge I gained is and will always be priceless. Thank you, GA, for giving me the opportunity to learn a couple of languages that I was totally afraid of.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly provides courses that were engaging. My instructor was very knowledgeable on the subject, approachable when questions arose, and entertaining while explaining the subject matter. GA's selection of courses easily fit my schedule. The night... Read More classes allowed me to explore a new area of design, while continuing to work full-time.Read Less",general-assembly
I have completed GA Data Science bootcamp in 2015. Found my first data science job in the same year after completion of the bootcamp. I do not have college degree in US so GA Data Science bootcamp was my only training in US but it was enough for employers... Read More to pay attention and call me. I got my first job as a data scientist after a couple of interviews. The course curriculum is current and decent. Personally I think you can make the difference by extending your knowledge that you have gained at bootcamp.Read Less,general-assembly
General Assembly's WDI program allowed me to gained the knowledge and skills necessary enough to land a full time developer job. It helped me understand coding itself isn't hard ot learn and builds confidence in people to be able to understand the different... Read More coding languages to begin building basic apps. It helped create a portfolio to show to prospective employers and to find ways to constantly improve. I learned a lot more about the tech industry while going through the course as well since we were able to meet multiple people who worked at various tech companies and they explained to us what helped them land the jobs. GA made sure to incorporate the most up to date frameworks that were tailored to the city I lived in as this would help us with landing a job locally. They also made sure to give classes on other languages and frameworks to have basic understandings of them and to know how to attack a new language if requested by a company. Some cons would be they're obviously a private company so they're looking for the money in the long run and we saw this when they were pumping out courses every 6 weeks. This lead to a some what saturation of junior devs in a market that was still transitioning to the dev bootcamp hiring process and some employers weren't too keen on hiring these types of people yet. So a lot of the graduates sat around hunting jobs longer than was stated. Another major con to me was the fact they were teaching the most recent frameworks to essentially just land jobs when say learning more vanilla javascript may be better suited in the long term. However I understand they do want to get their graduates hired so having the newest skillset is what sells. Having a strong background in just vanilla javascript or really whichever primary language is being taught would go a lot further than all the frameworks. Overall I am glad I took the course as its opened my eyes more into a field I desperately wanted to get into and allowed me a foot in the door to many new opportunities outside of coding.Read Less,general-assembly
"Worth every penny and every travel I made after work, it has helped me a lot and I got a better a position at my workplace, like every other course 20% is the curriculum and 80% is the effort we put on it.",general-assembly
"I took the Data Analytics course in Summer of 2016. I was at a point in my career where I wanted to pursue more analytical skills in digital marketing but was not confident in my skills.The course was perfect in answering the ""how"" questions. I had ideas... Read More of how I wanted to analyze, but the effort it was taking to use different tools was a huge barrier. I use the skills I learned on excel nearly everyday, and have been able to successfully use PowerBI after learning Tableau in this course.The course is focused however, on the ""how"" to analyze technically, and not what to analyze or get insights from. It's very much a survey course on different analyst tools, not theory. The SQL portion of the course was helpful to use, but is difficult to keep up on unless you are using it in your position. I would think about which tools you are likely to be able to carry over in your career to decide if this course will be relevant to you.The instruction was great, and the databases and tools we were able to work on were fun. The workload can be what you make it, but I was glad to have examples that let us dive in as deep as we wanted.Read Less",general-assembly
"Although I cannot compare General Assembly to other coding bootcamps, as I have only attended General Assembly, from what I've been told about others - General Assembly seems to do quite a good job. I found my first freelance programming job through General... Read More Assembly just a little over a month after graduating the Web Development Immersive. Many in my cohort similarly found roles within a few months of graduating. Although it is not the perfect school, the curriculum was a little bit light (particularly in the beginning of the course), and a few bright students struggled to find full time roles even many months after graduating. I believe to be successful within General Assembly you must apply yourselves whole-heartedly to the process of changing careers. It is a long and at times very painful ride, where you'll struggle to learn new skills and get rejected from jobs time and time again. But by the end of it, with a little bit of luck and if you really apply yourself, you will inevitably and eventually be successful.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly is the school that will take us into the next evolution of learning. The online course was easily accessible, fluid, tangible tutorials, challenging and supported the whole way through. I jumped into data analytics with very little knowledge... Read More of the field. By the end of it, my own developer was surprised by how much I had learned.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the part time User Experience Design course and I really enjoyed it. It's not all lectures, it's 60% group work (which was the enjoyable part) and then 40% lecture. Then every other day the desks are arranged differently so you sit with different... Read More classmates and work on something together. I think that the subject can be learned on your own if you really are invested and motivated to do so, but going to class gives you support from others going through the same thing. Plus for individuals like me who are lost and unmotivated - this is the better option. There's also homework to do and turn in every week, it's not easy and requires you to spend some time doing it. The cons might be that they don't really help you find a job or prepare you for getting it. You kind of just learn the skills and how to apply it for work, but there are no job boards or advice for where to look for jobs coming out of the course.Read Less",general-assembly
"My teacher, Mike Morales, was the dopest teacher I could have asked for. I was hesitant about paying for a vocational course, so I met with him before I decided. He made me feel super comfortable and confident that I would absolutely enjoy my course with... Read More him and come out on the other side way better than where I was to begin with. And I’m so glad I took the course with him!!! He made the course exciting each and every day and that is incredible important when we were all super nervous about investing our money and time in a course like that. I was really questioning my career path in tech/startups but he reinstalled important skills and pure curiosity which is exactly what I needed. He was there for all of us when we had questions about our own personal situations even though he was crazy busy. And he was there for us when we were all stressed with fun games to play to calm us down (Sushi go!!) so happy to have taken the course and learned so much from someone with experience in the field and someone I feel comfortable reaching out to in the future.Read Less",general-assembly
Your success coming out of a GA boot camp is heavily dependent on your goals and motivation going into it. I had an amazing experience. I met some really great friends who I still regularly hang out with (2 years later). I learned tangible skills that... Read More help me quickly get a job as a UX designer and start a career in tech. The environment of GA is also energizing. It is full of young people who are excited about creating new things through technology. It is inspirational and I eventually met my co-founder through GA.Read Less,general-assembly
"The course is accelerated, and as everyone who has taken this course can agree, it is up to you to continue your learning in and out of the classroom. Otherwise, you will fall short when it comes to job hunting. This course can only give you the basics... Read More of User Experience research and design--and the job market is not looking for novice UX'ers (anymore). They want people with a wealth of experience and the drive to always be improving within this field. Do not go into this course expecting a job right out: It still takes a lot of hard work, perseverance, and determination both during and after this course to land something remotely decent. I would say that you come out of this course ready for an internship, not a job. GA was good at preparing us in terms of what we needed to start out, but it did not make me an experience UX designer. That, I had to do on my own.Read Less",general-assembly
I was overwhelmingly impressed by the the General Assembly User Experience Circuit. The 6-week class allowed me to move at my own pace and offered extra resources to explore. The weekly 1:1 sessions with a mentor opened up the opportunity to reflect on... Read More work and get feedback.Read Less,general-assembly
"I completed the User Experience Design Immersive 10-week program with GA in the summer of 2017, in Seattle. Before I signed up I talked to a few different people about the program and also attended an info session. I have a BA in Psychology and had worked... Read More for the last 6 years in graphic design, web design, and marketing. I wanted to move into UX Design but felt like I needed something more formal to help me feel comfortable making the transition.PROSOverall, I had a very positive experience with GA. The curriculum and projects were the right amount of challenging, and I felt like I was able to really get a lot out of the coursework. I like the combination of lecture and project work, which progressively becomes more in depth as you go through the program. I was able to practice presenting my work, working in a team, and prepare work for a portfolio. I gained more confidence in networking and was able to make a lot of really good connections which helped with my job search. I also liked being able to connect with industry professionals who helped with interview practice and portfolio reviews.CONSAt times, instructors were not as engaged as I wanted them to be. It was hard to elicit constructive feedback. This is probably dependent on your instructors. I have heard from people who had both good and bad experiences with their instructors. Students without a design background will likely struggle with feeling prepared after this course. In my opinion, there should be stricter requirements for prior experience before taking this course. If you don't have any background in design or web development, it's less likely you will have a successful job search. The reality is that companies (at least in Seattle) want you to have a certain amount of relevant experience even for entry level positions. This is just my opinion, but it's based on what I saw during my experience and the job search of those in my cohort.To sum up, if you have a background in design or a relevant field and are considering the UXDI program at GA to help with transitioning to a UX Design position: talk to others who have taken the program from that specific location, learn more about the instructors, and attend info sessions. You can also look at the profiles of previous students to gauge the work. This will help you to make an informed decision. I had a positive experience and am glad that I went through the program.Read Less",general-assembly
The pros for me was the level of thought that goes into the curriculum. I learned a lot in such a short amount of time.The cons were just that I wish I could have had twice the amount of time to really get into the material. It's a whirlwind of a course!... Read MoreRead Less,general-assembly
"I attended a part-time class in product management in the New York City campus under Aditi Joshi. I come from a background in brand management and I knew that the two fields are very closely intertwined - what is called product management in tech is called... Read More brand management in consumer goods. While that was true, what I didn't expect was that Aditi and the rest of my classmates would make the experience so enriching! The idea of agile marketing - even in a large company - was mind blowing and the way that she brought the course content to life was fantastic. We had appropriate guest speakers who were engaging and educational and our TA Alessandra provided fantastic support as well. It's been almost 3.5 years since that class and I still use many of the concepts we discussed in my job two companies afterwards to much success. Heartily recommend this class and especially this instructor!Read Less",general-assembly
"Tried learning on my own but couldn't quite get past the basics. Our instructor was great, helpful and knowledgeable - had office hours regularly and worked with us outside of class if there was something extra we wanted to go over. I know how to build... Read More websites from scratch now, which is awesome. This was a great first leap into coding.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly is a great way to kickstart your new career! I was fortunate to participate in the UX immersive course, and In ten weeks I was able to learn about the entire UX process and industry standards and I graduated with a portfolio good enough... Read More to get hired in a starter position. I owe so much to this school! I highly recommend the UX immersive course for anyone wanting to transition their career into UX design.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have the advantage of already working in UX Design, I enrolled in this course to deepen my skillset and think outside the products that I work with on a day to day basis. I found this class hard to complete online. Part of this is my personal learning... Read More style and the other part is that I don't think the progression was very realistic in the course. In the future I think I'll seek a course like this part time with an in-person classroom component. Overall I think that GA's content is up to date and the mentors who helped me along the course were knowledgeable and friendly.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: The instructors are well prepared and know about the subject at hand; they are also friendly and willing to help.Cons:At least for the Web Development Immersive the time spent on Ruby/ Ruby On Rails should be less. The focus should be more on javascript... Read More and the main libraries/frameworks that are being currently used. Also, there should be either focus rooms/quiet rooms or phone rooms for phone calls.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took a data analysis circuit online and while I got quite a bit out of the material, I got the most from the mentorship where Jennifer was able to help me review my questions on the material and help me take it a step further. I found that the material... Read More was great to get through but when I had a question or got stuck on a problem it was difficult to get through because it was an online course. I would have to wait until my mentor appointment to get through the areas where I was stuck on my homework. My favorite part of the program was learning SQL and getting access to the platform during the course to utilize and test my SQL code.Read Less",general-assembly
"My experience taking this course was great. I'm a different case for I already have a job in the design field with a background of senior experience. So I went into to this course strictly as a sponge to absorb as much knowledge as I could around the... Read More core principles and best practices of user experience design. This course helped me achieve a style of creative thinking as well learning research and interviewing skills to help solve end users problems. I highly recommend this course for anyone who is serious about becoming a product designer.pros: The instructors were knowledgeable, fair and challengingThere was great context given in all aspects of user experience designCurriculum was solid and build around team collaborationcons:Night classes were fatiguing Sometimes assignment due dates were changing with lack of clarityRead Less",general-assembly
"Pros:Learned what I needed to learn to get a job.Most everyone I knew got a job within 6 months of graduating the course.Good environment to learn how to code.Demanding in a good way.Cons:Quality of instruction varies differently from teacher to teacher,... Read More class to class.Only a handful of us still have jobs as a developer 2-3 years out.They sell you on being a senior dev but you are most definitely juniorOverall:Its expensive but for some its worth it, the truth is you can get most of the education you need online but if you need the extra push this course may be worth it for you. I think if your motivated and you really want to be a developer then its worth it. With enough effort youll be able to get hired as a junior dev.Read Less",general-assembly
"I really liked a lot about my time at GA. My instructor, Arun Sood, was really knowledgeable and friendly. It's apparent he know what he's doing and his intelligence doesn't overshadow his ability to support and facilitate our education. It's a pretty... Read More fast paced class, but I found the curriculum to be continuously intriguing and worth the struggle. There was plenty of in-class time to complete homework or work on your final website. On top of there being an instructor, we had a really patient and helpful TA who would guide us when we got stuck during lessons, and held office hours for any homework trouble.Read Less",general-assembly
"I thought there were many pros to my experience at General Assembly. As a student of the User Experience Immersive Course, I was able to completely change gears on my career trajectory and harness a UX mindset to garner my skillset. There were many driven... Read More colleagues to learn from and build relationships outside of the course. Instructors were available when you needed them and worked to give you real world advice. Some cons is that many times there were days were they’re were no set schedule and the structure of the class was always presentations and note taking. You have to have a go getter mentality to make the best of the course or you may not feel you got the most out of it. As I continue to shape my professional career, I am grateful for my experience at General Assembly to give me a chance to enter a career that is much more fulfilling for me.Read Less",general-assembly
"I started out simply going to book stores and learning on you tube on my own. This worked for a little while but I eventually hit a plateau of having more questions than awnsers, in came the the coding boot camp idea. The books help prep me for the first... Read More 2 or 3 weeks of the bootcamps curriculum as I was able to help others in class and get a double layer of education from the chapters I read to in practice coding do's an dont's from the teacher. If you want the most out of a boot camp, reading beforehand is a must and after you read the course is less confusing and more fun. The teachers at GA are qualifyed and do have the expertise to teach you things a book wont ever teach you and more. As for the teaching style, its structured with powerpoints that are usefull an on topic and the teachers are pretty fun an nice to talk to. I took the front end web development and loved it , I also took the data science part time course and liked the info but never really learned to code from scratch as the teacher had it all coded for you. Part of learning to code is to troubleshoot your way through it your own way, but that didnt happen as much as I had hoped in the data science course. Overall GA is a good coding school and offers more than just coding education.Read Less",general-assembly
"I've attended multiple classes and workshops with General Assembly, both in person and online, and my experience has always been excellent. The instructors are very knowledgeable in the subject areas, with many years of experience behind them. I've never... Read More gone away from a class or workshop dissatisfied.Read Less",general-assembly
"A few years ago I arrived to SF as a newly single mom in a very scary situation. Fast forward to 2018, I am a Senior Engineer now... General Assembly has given me a new chance at life and inspiring , forever friends. The course is really rigorous, you... Read More will be working about 16 hrs a day, but if you are willing to put in the work it pays off. The job support is excellent, I was hired by Adobe immediately upon graduation.With that being said, (and this is true for any bootcamp) if you want to become a 'good' developer be prepared to study regularly after work hours for a long while after you graduate. If you aren't genuinely passionate about programming and are not prepared to code 24/7 for the first couple of years, this is probably not the best path for you.Read Less",general-assembly
"PROS:- Had great instructors (one from Microsoft and the other from Gilt) that challenged my initial way of thinking thus allowing me to be more critical of products and problems- The curriculum was challenging and pushed me to be better- I got to work... Read More with developers and designers which allowed me to practice what I learned- I was surrounded by some very intelligent individuals which made me want to do better so I didn't get lost in their shadows- I got my first Product job through the hiring event at the end of the immersive!- Fantastic learning environmentCONS:- Some individuals should not have been accepted into the program- Those same individuals sometimes slowed down the speed at which we were able to move on and learn new topics- The job support staff didn't seem to offer me too much I didn't already know (I may also be biased as I was a Recruiter beforehand)OVERALL:I would recommend this immersive, and already have to a few friends, one of which took the class after I completed mine!Read Less",general-assembly
"The Data Analytics course was a great jumping board for me to use to pivot into a career in Analytics. Matthew, the teacher, was amazing and provided us practicle knowledge as well as tips for on the job work and where to direct our questions if we wanted... Read More to keep leaning after the class.Read Less",general-assembly
"You will get out what you put in. Very informative, but absolutely no job guarantees.",general-assembly
"The one-day bootcamp on front end development was everything I expected. I got solid background knowledge on the various front-end languages and most importantly, the tools to learn more on my free time. It was great to learn the basics of CSS and HTML,... Read More how to inspect other website's codes to see how other developers have made cool UX designs and how to use a text editor. I highly recommend this bootcamp to anyone interested in getting their feet wet with front-end development. Who knows maybe it can jumpstart your career.Read Less",general-assembly
"The pro is that you feel kind of cool for spending a lot of money to get a ""certification.""The cons are, and sorry it's a long list, one you pay a lot of money for something you can learn free. They continue to email you even after you've asked multiple... Read More times to stop. If you disagree with them they revoke access to the platforms they use for social media. And then send you an email askimg you to review them so you could possibly win a $500 Amazon gift card. If I can recoup $500 for what was a worthless class, I'll be glad to. PLEASE STOP EMAILING ME.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros - No previous programming background needed, Get to learn to be comfortable in adapting quick-changing environment, skills, and knowledge, and you learn more about programming industry overall, Get help on your Professional representation such as... Read More resume, Linkedin, portfolio and etc, you are able to connect with more other developers and attend the events for networking.Cons - There's a large gap between what the job recruiters want and what the WDI graduates have. So there should be some opportunities for an internship for GA students, And there is less focus on foundation and concepts of the programming such as Big O notation, data structure and etc.Read Less",general-assembly
"From planning to leave my old full time job, through starting my new one, I felt supported by General Assembly throughout my entire career transition. The curriculum was challenging but I felt well prepared for my new role by the end of the course thanks... Read More to my wonderful instructors. The content of the course was well suited for the local job market in Atlanta and I feel I learned relevant skills that I will continue to build on throughout my career.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took two different GA classes- one on Front End Web Development and one on Product Management. Both courses were part time. This review covers the Front End course. The topics covered were excellent and varied and supported me in my explicit goal- which... Read More was to improve my communication with developers and to perform basic to intermediate tasks in HTML and CSS. I accomplished these goals admirably. My caveat was that the instructor needed some support and coaching in how best to teach the material. They were clearly a subject matter expert but hadn't had practice in basic pedagogical moves like checks for understanding and making sure your students were on the same page as you. While that wasn't a problem for me as I am an adept learner, it did cause challenges for other students in the class as the instructor moved ahead with complex materials without noting if the students were on pace. Overall, I learned a lot however, and after my experience with the product management course, I wholeheartedly recommend GA to anyone interested in upping their tech skills.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: access to TAs one on one once a week, flexible to your schedule, access to extremely helpful SQL teaching softwareCons: lectures presented separate material from the homework assignments, notable errors in the assignment directions, expensive course... Read More albeit cheaper than big name university coursesRead Less",general-assembly
"I've been involved with General Assembly since 2015. Since then, I've taken two online-circuits (Data Analytics and JavaScript) and attended in-person workshops and events. General Assembly structures their courses in a dynamic way to ensure you are deeply... Read More understanding the material. They combine videos, virtual seminars, practice quizzes, and a course project. The instructors are experienced in their field and more so, there are a variety of mentors to choose from which helps if you need someone with specific industry knowledge.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the pilot course of the fully immersed class, which was the 10-week course condensed into one week. in the short amount of time we had, we went through all aspects of Digital Marketing rather thoroughly, including overall marketing objectives,... Read More SEM and SEO, Display, Mobile, and Paid Social. For someone who is new to marketing or new to digital marketing (like me), this was extremely helpful. The staff was great and very knowledgeable and I liked how interactive the class was. It also helped get me the job I have today. i would recommend to anyone interested in learning the ins and outs of digital marketing either to start their career or as a career shift.Read Less",general-assembly
"After wanting to transition into the field of UX for years I finally made the jump by taking General Assembly's 10 week UX Bootcamp. It is expensive considering that most of the information you could learn on your own if you have enough determination... Read More and drive. I personally wanted to fully immerse myself and I thrive on more of a scheduled program. The projects I completed were very valuable as well, as I got feedback from my instructors and classmates and now have a portfolio to use in my job search. My instructors were very talented and supportive and were part of why the experience was so great. It was a truly incredible amount of work, so if you are not willing to work hard and put everything you have into it, this program is definitely not for you. If you have some money to spare, are passionate about UX and can wholeheartedly commit to it, I would definitely recommend this GA Bootcamp.Read Less",general-assembly
"I finally figured out what i wanted to be when I grew up. General Assembly offered the skills, expertise, and the practice needed to know how to be a User Experience Designer. While some of the beliefs were already similar to how I felt I should be working,... Read More GA showed me how to execute through daily teachings and practical ways to apply the learning through exercises and projects within the course. I was able to network with new people and gain a better sense of understanding how others use the same techniques, but in different industries.Read Less",general-assembly
"Attended a 3-month javascript course in NYC near the flat iron building. Started pretty basic but had several projects to show at the end. We learned vanilla javascript, jquery and underscore as well as a little React and Angular 2. The course moved quickly... Read More but there were plenty of office hours with the teachers to ask questions and get further help. The teachers are real-world front-end developers at large companies. The things I learned help me every day at work even though I'm a designer.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great course, but I think you could focus on your learning objectives so it's clear what you will be learning.Also the in person session is not efficient. Instead you should actively use a flipped classroom and blended model. Direct instruction should... Read More be viewed online (and at your own pace - sometimes looking at the board, taking notes and understanding simultaneously was brain overload), then class time should be used to foster activities with ongoing support. I'd be happy to come in and talk more about my experience and how you can better support your students. Viraj KamdarRead Less",general-assembly
"I literally refer everyone to take a class at general assembly. I've taken the 12-week Digital Marketing course, the 6-week UX Design course, and numerous one-day workshops and short classes. I tell everyone about the GA classes and how impressive they... Read More are. You just can not learn that amount of quality info anywhere else. They had STELLAR mentors and the price is really really great.Read Less",general-assembly
I've started the UX design circuit in January and I found it to provide great value and clarity for my own UX design process. Even though I've been practicing in the field for quite some years it's been difficult for me to stay up to date with all the... Read More best practices and the GA course did exactly that in addition to help me reinforce key concepts. I definitely recommend it to both aspiring and established UX designers.Read Less,general-assembly
"I attended the UXD with the hopes of supercharging my graphic design career into a UX Design career. The course did just that, the curriculum provided hypothetical projects, but they were near real world scenarios. When I first started I really did have... Read More zero idea what a UX designer actually did, this course helped me through practice and supported everything with theory. Not long after completing my course, I was able to transition to a UX Designer position within my company.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the GA Digital Marketing Course (remote) last year and found it to be tremendously impactful to growth in my industry knowledge and resulted in major career success this last year. The education was hands-on, actionable and allowed me to create... Read More a project strategy that was directly relevant to my day-to-day work. So not only did I have the opportunity to learn, I applied what I learned to my work immediately, in real time. The mentor I had was tremendously helpful in answering questions and gave her full attention to my projects and unique insight based on her experience. Overall, a very helpful course that gave me a step up on my career!Read Less",general-assembly
"GA made it easier to switch from my previous career to coding. The instructors are always improving the courses to make sure we learn the skills required by the current industry. Overall I found that my teachers were well prepared, clear in their explanations... Read More and always ready to help. The only issue that I had with the course is the lack of writing material to refer too. Certain lessons were outdated as well but it is too expect when programmes are changing all the time. Instructors were quick to react in this case and we never lost lesson time because of it. During our project week, instructors made sure to guide us without doing the work for us and I believe that really helps set the new skills we were taught. Finally, the support with the job search has been outstanding, GA staff was very responsive and always ready to help.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the Digital Marketing Circuit online course at General Assembly and it was a very valuable program. You cover a pretty comprehensive set of skills in just 5-weeks, and the assignments and projects are tailored to each individual - so you can apply... Read More it to your startup or office work in real time. The best part however, were the very helpful mentors! I stayed in touch with my mentor after the program had ended and he's still giving me advice and helping me from time to time :) The only downside is that because the program is only 5 weeks, you don't have time to deep dive into examples of each marketing platform - but it's a great starting point!Read Less",general-assembly
"Here's the deal. I'm over 40. And I've been kind of stuck in this one track skill set for a long time that's it was starting to feel entrenched as in I'll never do anything else *big sigh*. In addition, I was feeling stagnant, understanding less and less... Read More in my work and playing catch up to savvier colleagues. I felt, obsolete *big gasp*. Didn't mean I wasn't capable or smart, but I knew I needed to do something about it. Enter the Digital Marketing Bootcamp (I took the online class) and I feel like I can take what I learned and apply it to my current job or strike out on my own if I want to. The tutors are beyond helpful, the coursework beyond thorough, and you basically get a templatized process that you can repeat over and over again as you begin to develop your skill set after class. It's invaluable. And it made me feel like I could be relevant again. Thanks GA!!!!!!Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: Learned a lot of industry terms and concepts and best practices, connected with a lot of folks in the area, got some real world experience as a contractor with nonprofitsCons: Extremely expensive program",general-assembly
"I took the part-time introduction to UX Design class last fall. The course followed a good pace and I enjoyed the projects. Our class was pretty small (about 8 people) so we were all able to get the feedback we needed from the instructor. I left feeling... Read More more confident in my understanding of UXD, especially the research components.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm really happy I took the Visual Design course with General Assembly. The lessons were well thought out and well organized, and I learned exactly what I was hoping to. I'd definitely take another class with them.",general-assembly
"I attended the 1-Week Data Analytics Course at General Assembly. I learned a great deal about how to maneuver swiftly in Excel and learned the basics of SQL and Tableau, but ultimately found that the 1-Week course was too short to internalize 10 week's... Read More worth of curriculum. If you are invested in learning SQL and Tableau, I would recommend taking the full, 10-week course.Read Less",general-assembly
"Before attending GA, I wasn't quite sure how to take my graphic design career to another level. During those 10 weeks of the immersive program, I received the tools and fast-paced skills to be a great User Experience Designer. I can confidently say that... Read More I am no longer just a Graphic Designer. I can now design the right things and design them right for the right target audience.Read Less",general-assembly
I started the Web Development Immersive with GA with no prior programming experience and I left genuinely feeling like a developer. The intensive 9am-5pm everyday format works really well for learning this type of information and the support structures... Read More set up to enable workforce visibility are great. It's definitely a program you will get as much out of as you put it. If you apply yourself and are willing to take on the coaching it's the fastest method I've ever heard of for changing career. It took me 3 business days after the course to get hired!Read Less,general-assembly
"The 10 years prior to attending General Assembly felt laborious and lackluster. The instructors and classmates in my Digital Marketing course were such an inspiration and made me realize that this creative and innovative piece of me is what had been missing... Read More from my previous professional life. After feeling so stuck professionally, I am certain that my future lies in the digital world. I am grateful General Assembly offers such high quality courses that can enable me to make a career change without having to go back to school.Read Less",general-assembly
Pretty great course. Excellent faculty and great support to learn and develop your skills.,general-assembly
"I have just completed the Data science part-time course in Sydney. Personally I loved the course, to give a bit of context I have been a full-time developer for a few years now so I have quite a technical background. For me the pacing was quite good,... Read More perhaps a bit slow at times, however I found that I could easily chat with the lecturer and get my questions answered and was provided with more advanced materials. Ultimately I think the course is what you make it, I have noticed some other reviews saying how difficult it is and I would agree if you have never programmed in your life you will probably get stuck learning the basics. My recommendation to anyone doing it from a non technical background is DO THE PREWORK and play around with python try and get the basics down. This way you wont be slowed down and you will be able to focus a lot more on the content and not just trying to get through the basics of coding. Overall the GA culture is awesome and the teaching style is very focused on practical skills that you can walk away with and put into practice as apposed to a more theoretical course from a university. If you are anyone that works with data, functional or technical I would recommend taking this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I've been in the part-time data science bootcamp at General Assembly for 2 weeks but it is off to a good start. The first week was a bit slow with getting everyone set in their environment and going over how to outline a data science problem. The last... Read More week the class has started to more really fast. If you have zero background in python, statistics or any sort of analysis work, it will be hard for you to keep up. In the fourth class we have already started linear regression and were assigned a project to do to practice our own regressions problem. I do wish there was a little more time for question in class, however there is a lot to cover to slow down. There are also office hours outside of class if you are unclear on any of the topics discussed in class. It doesn't seem like everything you need to know will be covered but you will be provided with the resources to figure out any question you have.Read Less",general-assembly
"On a scale of 1-7 (1=poor, 7=excellent), I'm going to give the course a 4. Don't let me mediocre rating discourage you from taking the course, let me explain. First and foremost, this is NOT a beginner course. If you do not have basic python understanding... Read More you will struggle. Secondly, you will need to have taken at least a college-level stats course. If you do not have either DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE! If you have either or you'll get through the course just fine. Do yourself a favor and sign up for those online ""intro to Python"" and ""Intro to data science stats"" courses. Secondly, I personally don't believe this course fully prepares you for a full-time junior data science position. The amount of topics and the course speed doesn't allow enough time for the instructor to fully cover all topics in depth. The important topics are definitely well covered but everything else is breezed through. If you think you'll be able to run and accurately interpret a NLP analysis or a higher order neural net, forget about it. This is a course great for folks with a novice/intermediate level of python and a solid understanding of stats. The course will ground you with solid foundational knowledge and it is up to you to continue your education. I would recommend this course and the instructors. Slack support is great! homework assignments are difficult but informative. I haven't utilized General Assembly's job support network, therefore, I wouldn't comment.Read Less",general-assembly
"I had a great experience with GA UX/UI design course. From the planning to execution and the followup, the instructors, specifically Phil has done a great job. I would definitely recommend this course.",general-assembly
"I remember i came in like a stray puppy looking for shelter and direction. Three months later, they churned out a thorough-breed ready to take on the world! I cannot say enough about what kind of a game changer Bitmaker has been for me.Their programs... Read More are geared to make some a hero from zero. The staff takes the time to actually know who you are so they can tailor their aide around that. Not only did they put up with my constant bombardment of questions, but they actually took it to the next level and challenged me to dig deeper beyond what my initial query. Facilities are great, accessible anytime all the time, you get full access to whatever you need to get your learn on whether that be a computer or a monitor or just a special quiet place by yourself. Not to mention bottomless coffee and tea for all of use addicts out there! The programs are amazing, the talent that goes through those doors still astonishes me.I really liked the fact that we had regular mingle nights where all students could relax and hang out after a long week. This was not only a great way for them to keep you from burning out, but also ended up making lasting connections that I can leverage in the future. Career coaching was the main differentiation for me. This is what gravitated me to Bitmaker compared to its competition. The attitude and unorthodox approach from the Outcomes program within each cohort has been a very fresh and revitalising experience for me. To be honest, I am still in shock as to how far we have all come from this program, I know you will be too.Read Less",general-assembly
"Bitmaker Labs Web Development Immersive takes anyone who is willing to learn and turns them into a developer. The course focuses heavily on the fundamentals and learning how to learn. I've tried multiple different approaches to learning, mostly conventional,... Read More having gone to but not completed University and College. Bitmaker Labs changed that. Not only did I complete the course, but I feel confident going forward with my ability to learn new languages, coding styles - anything really. The instructors are professionals who know their stuff and spend the time with you to ensure you learn as much as possible. Have a question? They'll do everything they can to answer it. I rarely found a question that couldn't be answered, and on the off chance that I did, I'd have direction to go to where I could find the answer myself. This course is easily the best thing I've ever decided to do. There's also career support. They have a dedicated career advisor who speaks with you throughout the course to teach you the skills you need to succeed in the industry, whether that's getting a job or freelancing, they're around to help you succeed. They want you to succeed.Read Less",general-assembly
"This program has horrible career support. Don't expect to get a job out of it even after putting in extra time and completing all assignments. The learning experience is good but if you're looking to get a job after graduation look somewhere else, this... Read More bootcamp is not fit for that.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly has mixed reviews for many of its courses, and it's different from location to location, but I would like to recommend the GA WDI in Hong Kong with Peter Carroll.Peter not only went above and beyond the call of duty to teach us many tech... Read More stacks that the original GA WDI curriculum did not seem to cover, including MEAN stacks instead of just Ruby on Rails, *as well as* introductions to PHP / MySQL backends, but he was very knowledgeable about the industry, very many different certifications we could take after the class to improve our credentials. Peter would go out of his way to spend time working with us through our code and explaining everything we needed to know, and was very, very patient with every student. Peter would also challenge us with daily morning exercises using the command console line, as well as learning how to build a server-ready Linux virtual machine with Ubuntu on our personal systems, and gave us a very thorough and comprehensive mock tech interview that greatly prepared us for questions we would encounter.I wholeheartedly recommend Peter Carroll as an instructor, and would recommend that anyone who is interested in taking the GA WDI in Hong Kong do so.Read Less",general-assembly
"This 10 week journey to learn about UX design has been fun, challenging and inspiring. Over the course of the 10 weeks we have all worked on our own project and taken it through the full user centred design process of research, ideation, prototyping and... Read More then testing and iterating further. It's been great to be amongst a bunch of innovative and creative people, and to see their projects come together at the end. Now we have some real word skills to bring back into our work as well! Definitely recommend this course if you're interested in UX design.Read Less",general-assembly
i have attended the part time UX design course and I am very okeased I did so. I gad learned most of the theory back in uni but GA offers hands on practice on techniques that are used in the industry and that are a must to know. The negative part is that... Read More time flew fast and I would like to have more classes now.Read Less,general-assembly
I have some coding background and was searching for a program to amplify my skills. I spoke with the admissions team at GA and told them about my skill level and they said I was a perfect candidate for their JavaScript Development Part Time course. I... Read More am 6 courses in which translates to $1170 and am very disappointed so far. The curriculum sounded like it would be remedial for the first class or two but 6 classes in we are still spending significant time going over github and stalling the class's progress. We have yet to start the class on time and yet to finish all the 'learning objectives' laid out at the beginning of class. I am very disappointed in the admissions team here for not doing a more thorough job vetting the people who will attend. I am also disappointed with the apparent lack of professionalism by wasting people's time starting class late and ending late.Read Less,general-assembly
"before attending the class, I was very interested in digital marketing but I felt I didn't know where to start, or whether what I was doing was right. I joined the Remote DM class at General Assembly and it really helped me to understand more about the... Read More subject as well as to develop those skills as we were were working on a real company of our choice. So it wasn't just learning; we were applying what we learned. The course helped me actually transition from being a freelancer and into getting a full-time job!Read Less",general-assembly
"This review is for FEWD - Front End Development Course.Part-time version of the course is 10 weeks long, 20 lessons in total. Instructor never came on time, 5-10 mins late, or even he is in the class, they are catching up with the second instructor about... Read More what they are going to do that day for 5 mins. People are coming from work and limited time should be respected!Out of 20 classes, 2 of them are final project presentations (which could be only 1 lesson), 4 lessons full about doing your next week's assignment, which is really 5 classes out of 20 is waste of time! Regular sessions have by default 45 min do next week's assignment free time, this brings total time of the class from 2.45 hours to 2 hours. Within that 2 hours there are also 30 min lab time which is good for practicing etc. However the last 45 min every session is waste of time, actually people started to leave the class on that 45 min towards the end.The admin guys doesn't care about anything else after you registered and paid your money. Overall the course was £2800 and literally doesn't worth. Don't go and waste your time.Read Less",general-assembly
"I came into the Visual Design course with no prior skills in Photoshop and very little knowledge about the visual design world. For me, this course was a perfect introduction into all things visual design, top to bottom, start to finish. We learned the... Read More basics of the design process, color theory, typography, responsive design, etc. And at the end, had a pretty decent product (mockup up a webpage) to show off everything we learned along the way. If you want to build basic skills (in this case Photoshop), learn the lingo, and ""get a taste"" for what is out there in this field, then this course is great. It will (probably) not launch your visual design career or build you a stellar portfolio, but it is definitely a first step along that path, or just a fun and interesting way to learn something new.Read Less",general-assembly
"The Digital Marketing Course at GA is journey worth every penny. If you're looking for a course where you can learn the fundamentals of Digital Marketing, this is definitely it. It's a journey where you might enter the class clueless and leave out the... Read More class as a Digital Marketing Professional. I loved how my instructors were willing to help every class. It was also refreshing to be around other students that who were in the marketing space and willing to pass along some gems as well.Read Less",general-assembly
"I am not a ""technical"" person but i work for Microsoft and sell business applications. i understand at a high level how applications work from an end user's perspective. this course helped me sharpen my web application skills and understand more about... Read More computer science logic, API calls, and how a backend functions.Read Less",general-assembly
"Technology has been a subject of relevance my whole life. With the new coming of advancements it has been very important for me to to find the best education option the net has to offer. I am also a very picky with the courses I choose. Switchup has help... Read More from dwelling to making my mind about the huge offering of MOOCS these days. I really recommend you let the guys at Switchup match you with the course you need not the one you want. You wont regret getting a second opinion, you´ll never know maybe there is something better they might help you find.Hope this helps!!!Cheers and best of luck!Read Less",general-assembly
"I researched several online schools before I chose General Assembly to study HTML, CSS and Web Design in a 10-week online course. I did get a good understanding of wireframes, HTML and CSS, but only a touch of web design. Through this course, I only created... Read More one website, which was built out over the course of the class. My site looked bland to me and not how I envisioned it in my mind or in the wireframe I created. My mentor told me I would have to take additional classes to learn the tools I needed to make my website look like I wanted.The curriculum was dated 2014 in several places and a handful of the resource links no longer went to valid pages. The handout they gave us on specs for mobile designs stopped at an iPhone 5 and Samsung Galaxy S4/S5. It looked to me like the curriculum hasn't been updated in three years and we all know tech moves quickly as far as new innovations go. I learn by doing and there wasn't enough hands-on for me. Lots of video lectures, links to resources, small coding challenges and one weekly project consisting of work on the one website you are creating. The best part was the weekly lectures where an instructor walked through the coding steps of what you just learned. Unfortunately, these lectures are not offered live so you don't have the opportunity to ask a question.After the course, I had a one month access to the coursework. Most online schools now give you lifetime access.I did learn HTML and CSS, but this course lacked in the web design instruction. I was planning on taking the General Assembly JavaScript course next, but was so disappointed in this course, that I researched schools again to find one that will teach me what I want to learn to make my websites look like I've imagined. I do not feel this course is worth the money in light of the lower cost of other online schools that give much better instruction.I now attend Skillcrush and absolutely love it! I purchased a years worth of instruction from Skillcrush for the cost of this one General Assembly 10-week course. I am daily challenged by Skillcrush and have three or four hands-on activities a day. The curriculum is constantly updated, very engaging and includes several useful templates and handouts. The lectures are LIVE so I have the chance to ask a question. Through Skillcrush I am learning Photoshop, Illustrator and InDesign in addition to JavaScript, WordPress sites and even Ruby and Rails. Plus I have lifetime access to the courses. I recommend that everyone check out Skillcrush and avoid this General Assembly HTML, CSS and Web Design course.Read Less",general-assembly
"The GA Product Management course is a 10 week program. The instructors back up the theory with real live work experience examples. I was happy with the content of the course and would have been even happier if there was a bit more depth on the financial... Read More planning side. There are lots of workshops that help to practically reinforce what is learnt. The product management and start up space is itself innovating new techniques, methods and tools at a rapid pace, the course introduced me in a timely manner to a host of latest tools that quite simply increased my productivity manyfold. I also got to network with a whole class full of career focused people working in or aspiring to work in the product management space. I'll happily recommend this course to anyone who wants an up to date practical course in product management.I'm now part of the ""GA Community"" with access to a host of partner discount and a free voucher to spend on a workshop. So many interesting choices, what do i go for? HhhhhhmmmmnnnRead Less",general-assembly
"GA's Digital Marketing Bootcamp was a jam packed week of information. It was a rigorous class that reviewed many different aspects of digital marketing including various channels like Facebook, Google, Analytics, Email newsletters, SEO, social media and... Read More content marketing. The teacher for our class, Terry Rice, was an excellent instructor and I would highly recommend this class.Read Less",general-assembly
"The Digital Marketing course at GA is exactly what you need if you're looking for a short course that gives you value for money and some certification. Whether you need a refresher or a thorough introduction to the field, this place is great for a student... Read More of any age or level of experience. The instructors are passionate and very clear, and the class size is small enough to get personal attention and bond with others through group activities. I am very happy I attended this course and would recommend it to anyone who finds the subject relevant to their profession!Read Less",general-assembly
"Know your learning style. I know that I need a classroom with teacher and classmate interaction to learn best - that's just who I am. This course totally gave me that - and my python and data science grew by leaps and bounds. What's great is that I learned... Read More the critical thinking skills to really tackle new challenges. I feel enabled to take on new projects and to learn more on my own now. Unlike a lot of other people in the field I don't learn a brand new skill well on my own by taking on projects. I need structure. Once I get the basics down I can do things on my own. So this really did that for me, but YMMV. Not every class is perfect and I do wish we had gone into how to production-ize what we are doing a bit (so, more on cloud, doing models ""online"" and also streaming data) but really this class gave a lot of breadth and depth.Read Less",general-assembly
PROS: Effective educators; curriculum was comprehensive; lots of hands-on activity; provides deliverables for portfolio.CONS: Evaluating and iterating on pre-existing products was out of the scope of the course; seemed intended for startups.,general-assembly
"When I signed up for this class, I thought I'd learn a few useful tidbits about how to analyze data, but I learned SO MUCH MORE. Plus, now I feel equipped to continue learning Tableau, SQL, and Excel on my own. I'm especially interested in learning SQL... Read More outside of class; I've read multiple articles on how it's the pervasive programming languages today.Some tips for future students: 1-Do the homework and put in extra time outside the class to really understand the material. 2-Get to know your instructors. I cannot stress enough how helpful my teaching assistant (Daniel) was. He was always eager to help before class and via email. The instructors here really want you to excel and understand the course material.Read Less",general-assembly
"I feel confident writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript after taking this course! Definitely paired well with my graphic design background and allowed me to communicate better with developers. Provides in depth knowledge on the world of user experience design!... Read More Class was very diverse, people from all different backgrounds coming together to learn design thinking.Read Less",general-assembly
I found that the FEWD course was super great as I had previous limited knowledge on the subject. Over 6 Hours per week I was able to turn general web knowledge into marketable skills that are now accelerating me into other coding languages,general-assembly
"The instructors really took this course and made it their own. They are well versed experts in full stack development. They constantly adjust the curriculum to cater to current industry trends. The end goal being job ready upon graduation. Beyond the... Read More coding, the instructors gave us real life advice on encounters we will face in the industry, and their personal experiences. Very happy I chose General Assembly Denver for my bootcamp!Read Less",general-assembly
"A friend recommended this course and found it really great. However, there were only 16 people in their class - there were 30 in mine. I felt sorry for the tutors having to deal with a large group of students with such a diverse range of skill and needs... Read More - They were actually quite good, but getting their attention was difficult. The pace of the classes was greatly affected by the wide range of skill levels and the number of students. With regards to our projects, there were a few times where tutors would take over and basically do our code. The curriculum was a bit odd as we didn't really touch on TDD (one day) much and spent a chunk of time learning Angular 1 and no React - I'm sure they have their reasons for choosing Angular 1, but its only use for me has been to appreciate React way more. I felt mislead by this course. Firstly, because the website implies that there's a daily structure - a period of time designated to labs etc. Secondly, that there would be pair programming. We didn't have many opportunities to do any labs and experiment and speaking to graduates from Makers, pair programming really helped them progress and learn. I feel sorry for the person who runs the job support side of things. GA is obviously understaffed and she's under a lot of pressure to assist with graduates from all their courses - so you're not going to get the full attention you're probably led to believe, which is a shame as she's quite a useful font of knowledge. The meet and hire event is a bit of a letdown. You'll have invested all that effort and money in the course, only to be dumped into some spare classrooms to exhibit your work - it looks a bit ramshackled. Meanwhile, the campus has an awesome event space that could easily be used - instead, it's hired out. I would only recommend this course if you have a solid foundation in coding already, or have a STEM background. Before joining I was led to believe that you didn't need much experience and that everything will eventually click into place. 4 months on and I'm still waiting for things to fall into place. I can now see why Founders and Coders are very strict with their entrance requirements - as it pays to be prepared as you can before an intensive 3 months of learning. I can't help but think they're focused on money from event space hire and the churn of students, rather than providing a quality learning experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the Front End Web Development and UX part time courses in San Francisco. In both cases, the curricula for part time courses are incredibly solid. The instructors were very good at the subject as well as teaching. If you take initiative to schedule... Read More time with them to go over your portfolio, they go out of their way to help you or suggest next steps. In Front End, there were probably 9 people out of the 15 classmates who ended up directly using what they learned in class to leverage new jobs or promotions in their roles. For both these courses, I will say that you have to work really hard, but if you do, you get results. These courses are only 40-60 hours of in class time, plus homework (lots of it, if you are passionate about getting good). I would assume if you didn't put a lot of work in it wouldn't be reasonable to expect a job out of it at the end. So basically my advice is:Nobody at GA is going to force you to do the most. They have designed a quality course that gives you the skill set, if you work at it.If you want a job change or promotion out of this and are just doing the bare minimum, you have to consider explaining to an interviewer how doing 40-60 hours of work (a basic work week) is going to justify you being the right one for the job.Come in with the attitude that you are here to put in work and the instructors will go out of their way for youDo extra- go to meetups, do workshops, utilize office hoursAnd then you'll be thrilled with your results.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly truly changed my life and helped me reorient myself down a much better path, both professionally and personally. I came to GA with some skills in social media analytics (having been the token millennial throughout many internships &amp; jobs... Read More in college), and a passion for copy-writing. It had been made clear to me that I didn't have enough ""agency-level"" experience to be successful transitioning into the marketing realm full-time, so GA seemed like a good option. I full expected some of the class to be a review of things I already knew, but the GA name is really well known in Washington DC so I was hopeful that would be the boost I needed; I was so wrong, in the best ways.The course I took was not just a refresher, rather an enjoyable challenge each night. Once my instructors knew a bit about my background, they pushed me to learn deeper and go further with my skills on those nights where the material easily could have seemed like review without their help. I also learned so much from my classmates, and through them was able to see how the same marketing skills I was learning and applying to my niche situation could in turn be applied to VERY different types of situations. My instructors were available (either in person, or via email) whenever I needed them, and their excitement for the topics really re-energized me to tackle the challenges of learning new skills.Overall, my 10-week experience with General Assembly was 10/10 (or better if that's allowed). It not only expanded my marketing skills well beyond what I expected, but it also gave me the confidence to make an exciting career change, which I've been thankful for each day since. My network of fellow classmates and instructors has been nothing but supportive since graduation, and have really helped me take my skills to the next level. Thank you for the AMAZING experience, GA!!!Read Less",general-assembly
"Really comprehensive overview of the essentials of digital marketing. There is a good amount of depth -- not enough to get certified on every topic you cover, but the instructor points you to the resources you'd need to do so -- and a lot of breadth.... Read More Highly recommend.Read Less",general-assembly
"Hi guys,my experience with the school is definitely not positive at all.Don't misunderstand, the course and the teachers were amazing but is the post that was not.Once I finished the course I left the country in order to come back to mine because a lot... Read More of reasons but mostly private reasons (family).I can say I struggle a lot to find a proper job because is difficult to have good skills after the course if you are a beginner so after few months I decided to come back to the same city where I have done the course ( London ).I decided to write the course and guess what ?????0 answer, literally 0 and this is not me but I can prove to all of you guys with pictures.I wrote to the school and to the same people were taking care about my course and as I said no one answered to me.The took the money and bye bye.Is really sad to say but I try to contact them until now and still no answer so for me the course is not worthy for the money you guys are paying, at all.Actually one more thing, I decided to contact the headquartier in New York explaining the situation, ahhahah no answer neither :-) but after a week a told them I was going to write bad reviews which is what I am starting to do and they reply but then they disappeared again.I am not writing this because I am frustrated but because I want you all to don't do my same mistakes.PeaceRead Less",general-assembly
"The program is solid, well structured. It's slow in the beginning then moves really fast. The information you get from this class is a lot, if you're totally new to this industry it takes more than the class semester to absorb it, but that's a good thing!... Read More I can only speak for myself and know one instructor. I assume any class, no matter how the class is structured, the quality of class absolutely depends on the instructor. Our's was good and our TA was good as well. One negative comment I'd give to the school related to the class I took is that they don't show who'll be teaching the class on their website till last munites (if they ever do). I had to call the school and get the infomarion, asked the background of the instructor etc. I presume something like that should be on the website. And one more thing, their ADM can be very unreliable.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: I was thrown into an environment of constant coding. Feeling confused or scared about a language is now not a problem. I know I can find resources on line to learn whatever I needCons: Time. It was 12 hours a day for 3 months. Some days more than... Read More 12 hours. Also, the outcomes support for getting a job is just this: here's a resume....""you can do it!"" With bits of advice here and there and tools. I need references. I need connections. I sort of feel lost.Read Less",general-assembly
"In my opinion, GA (London) has problems handling the large classes of students and personalities. On my UXDI course, a number of students were taken aside and threatened with being excluded from part of the course (no joke after paying £8k for 10wks).... Read More I think it was GAs only way of controlling people and this unfair and unprofessional treatment from teachers and management was disappointing.Read Less",general-assembly
"PROS:Good introduction to UX and provides a lot of the basics. The class provides the opportunity to build projects and create a portfolio, although most of that work will be class work and not for real clients. CONS:The market is a bit over saturated... Read More in Austin. Since there is a low barrier to entry to becoming a UX designer, it is becoming more and more competitive to find UX jobs as more and more designers are entering the field. Although GA does it good job of teaching people the basics of UX, I don't think it provides people with skills that actually set them apart enough to land a job in a city like Austin. ADDITIONAL INFO: From the class that I took, 7 out of 11 people ended up with jobs in the UX field, and it took some people up to 12 months to actually land that first full time job. Having been at my UX job for about a year now, I ultimately only ended up there because of taking the GA class, but I don't think that the curriculum was rigorous enough to justify the cost.Read Less",general-assembly
"This course was AWESOME. The remote experience was excellent and way way better then I'd expected. We were still able to do group/partner exercises and get quality face time with the instructor and instructor assistant. The teacher, Aditi Joshi, is a... Read More true master of her field. It was a true honor and pleasure to study with her, she had so many relevant experiences to speak to during the course. The content was so diverse- everything felt really dynamic and totally contemporary / on trend with current Product Management best practices. I would HIGHLY recommend this course for anyone working in product development or any current Product Managers looking to be better at what they do.Read Less",general-assembly
"I was really excited to start the product management course at GA. I had reached a point in my career where I wanted to collectively pull together my experience in past positions and work in a strategic role in technology.The coursework was a mix of in-depth... Read More and high-level, but enough to get an understanding of each piece of the product life cycle. Our ability to work on our final project each week and build on what we learned felt natural. Some weeks were super heavy with out-of-class work which was tough to juggle working a full-time job and 4+ hours of class per week, but in the end, it paid off. I'm now in the process of applying and interviewing for product jobs in Denver. GA has offered to be a resource in my job search and I'm excited to see what my future in product holds!Read Less",general-assembly
"Completing the Web Development Immersive program at General Assembly was without a doubt life changing. I entered the course with little coding experience, and came out equipped with the skills to land myself a job as a Front End Developer within two... Read More weeks of graduating. GA's instructors bring real world, professional experience into the classroom and have the patience and good humour to push you through even the toughest parts of the course. Career support begins on day one, and outcomes producers work hard throughout the course &amp; beyond to make sure students are ready to start working, and to make sure they're going into a job they'll love.The alumni community were available throughout the course for advice &amp; guidance, and will remain one of my most valuable networks of friends &amp; colleagues for the rest of my life. I am extremely grateful to GA for providing me with the skills and network I needed to succeed in the wonderful world of web development.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the Part-Time 10 week Product Management Course at General Assembly beginning August of 2016. The two instructors were incredible, Sherika and Jocelyn both have a deep background in Product Management (Jocelyn with tech companies and start-ups,... Read More Sherika with large private companies). Both brought so much experience to this class. The portion of the class I most enjoyed was that I gained so many different skillsets in a short period of time from user-experience design to writing and pitching my product proposal to developing roadmaps. For anyone with an entrepreneurial bent or who wants to know enough to lead teams with very different goals and personalities, this is the course for you.Read Less",general-assembly
"I came into General Assembly having taught myself HTML, CSS, Wordpress and enough javascript to make me sort of dangerous. In my life before GA I was an accounting assistant/hodgepodge of roles at a law firm, I freelanced brochure websites for small businesses... Read More in my nights and weekends. I got to the point in the summer of 2015 that I just didn't want to work 10 more years in the way I was to get to the point where my portfolio was established enough that someone might take a chance on me, there were things I just couldn't teach myself - I wanted a community and humans to ask questions - not just google! GA made the admission process a breeze for me, they really took the time to see if the GDI program would be a match for me. Solidifying my enrollment was winning one of the minority scholarships that were offered at the time of my bootcamp. My class was the perfect size, it was around 25 people I think. That variety meant that different people would struggle/excel in different areas, having that peer to peer help was great! If I understood something, then I helped my friends who didn't and vic versa. It was really helpful for learning how to work in teams as developers. I had an amazing teacher who was really thorough and willing to help, he paced his lectures really well and even when the homework was really hard there was always a reason for it, and I'm really thankful for all the time and effort he put in to helping me learn. I was the last class in Seattle to use the wework space, which I really enjoyed - I loved overhearing the conversations of some startups in the main area and the really great tap coldbrew was a life saver on those late nights I was there until 12am. The only thing that I was unimpressed by was the job support, but I'm not sure I was their target person to help - I know how to write a resume and job hunt, I've done it many a time. I had been excited about the connections of General Assembly, but when I asked for a connect to a known affiliate they were unwilling to do so. Aside from that, the job fair was a strange experience for me - I was approached by many a start up that didn't want to actually pay me, but it did give me good practice at an elevator pitch. I'm not upset about any of this, I did just find without having GA hold my hand through this process, but it was a bit of a let down. That said, I was employed pretty quickly after ""graduation"" and am now at a company I adore.GA accelerated my career and gave me the skill set I needed to jump into a job I actually wanted to be at. I'm really glad I took that dive and that I had such a great group of motivated fellow students to hold me accountable and teachers and TAs that were there for me.Read Less",general-assembly
"Going into this program has been one of the better career and life decisions I have made. I went in with little to no relevant experience in the field of User Experience design. I still had a lot of work to do coming out of the program, but after about... Read More 9 months out of the program of scraping together little freelance gigs, a little more training, and an internship, I landed a long term position at a well known company that has really taken my career to the next level.GA's UXDI did an *amazing* job of teaching me how to think like a UX Designer. I am still amazed how regularly I can see that my training at GA prepared me for my real-world job. My only major gripe wit the program is the fact that anyone coming in without having spent some serious time working in a design tool before the class began is at a major disadvantage. If you are considering this program and don't have experience in a tool like Photoshop, Sketch, Illustrator, or Balsamiq, get proficient in one of these tools *before* coming to class. (It would be nice for GA to tell that to their students).The other problem for someone starting today is that the bootcamps (at least in NYC) are saturating the entry-level job market. I feel like it would be harder for me to get a job coming out of this program today then it was when I completed the course. If you are coming into this program and making a career change from an unrelated field, take an job you can get when you come out and even be open to taking a job outside of NYC for a while even if you plan on coming back in the long term.Read Less",general-assembly
Pros - Very knowledgeable instructors and you learn a lot in a relatively short period. Opportunity to work in groups was very valuable.Cons - You're unlikely to be able to keep up without having a fair bit programming experience before you start. Had... Read More I have known I would have spent much longer (months) preparing online. A group of 22 is far too large for optimal learning. - you're being too greedy! The building is surrounded by the loudest demolition works and will be for some time. Academy Xi facility is 10 times better. Almost zero learning about UX and very little on mobile apps. There are no notes / handouts or slides to go back to when you try to do your own revision. The instructor went too fast but felt he had no choice given the content to cover but the last few weeks are very casual with relatively inefficient use of time.Read Less,general-assembly
"I think that it's too expensive compared to other bootcamps and offerings that are out there. The differentiating factor was the very high career placement rates. Now that I am in the job search market, I feel that I wasn't very well prepared by the Tuesday... Read More outcomes sessions. Everything was left very generic and I expected some individualized coaching that was specific to me and my situation, especially for the cost of the program. I think there are too many graduates in the DC area which saturate the market as well. Companies know GA and sometimes have a bad impression because of the surface-level education that they have encountered from some of their candidates. Perhaps a more selective process would increase the perception of graduates overall.Read Less",general-assembly
"i'm loving the fast paced learning, and implementing the theory in project work as we go. it's an awesome way to learn.",general-assembly
"I attended the week-long part-time Product Management course. This packed 40 hours of material into one week, which is not an easy task. I feel people who attended this course got out of it by how much work they put in and embraced all the material. I... Read More learned many skills that I can apply to many aspects of my life, whether it has to do with product management or not. My instructor is very knowledgeable and someone I still keep in contact with to this day. The class provided a wide range of students, who we each got to learn from each other. The only con is that once completing the class, it seems everyone very much went their separate ways. Granted there were students coming from across the world, I only wish everyone was more willing to stay in touch with each other.Read Less",general-assembly
"The class I took was great - clear, strategic, and useful information presented in a coherent and engaging manner. Unfortunately, I've had so many hiccups with registration and customer service it keeps me from coming back. At this point I think it's... Read More fair to say that part has been a bit of a nightmare (at both the San Francisco and the Denver locations). Too bad because I'd love to take more classes.Read Less",general-assembly
"My course (Digital Marketing Circuit) experience was great overall. I already provided some feedback related to wanting to see other case studies and examples that weren't specifically related to just brands. I'd love to see things that fit either the... Read More non-profit world or perhaps might be more cause related or might have a different kind of conversion funnel. I look forward to being an GA alum, I've already signed up for a Founder Hour (looking forward to this) and took part in HTML and CSS Workshop.Read Less",general-assembly
"When I attended General Assembly, they were going through such a rapid expansion that our class was often disrupted by the sound of construction. We had to move classrooms frequently. I got in the program despite having never been in the terminal. The... Read More standards were ridiculously low because they seemed to want to fill seats rather than ensure the quality of graduates. When my class graduated at the end of October and no one could find a job they blamed the holidays. They said they would not graduate a class at that same time of year again. That wasn't true. They often tout an over 90% employment rate. I would look at that as being highly suspicious.Read Less",general-assembly
"I learned a lot, met great people and had fun doing so.Cons - Job search support could be strengthened; student spotlight needs more participation from hiring organizations; greater focus on student portfolio is needed",general-assembly
"PROS:- Great teachers- Great community - you will meet &amp; mingle with people forever solely because the name is well known- The great community and established name leads to opportunities that you may have not otherwise found- Class was awesome for a beginner... Read More with no experience; only slightly less beneficial to those with previous related experience as some stuff is repetitive- This course will definitely put you ahead of others in the industry - you most likely will find yourself having more knowledge on UX than even seasoned individuals- Definitely a better/cheaper alternative to a 4 year school- 100% chance of being able to switch careers CONS: - Job help/career guidance while you are a student is next to none- GA Profiles (their job portal) is not a good source for reaching reliable, honest, great companies to work for- Alumni does not seem to be greatly valued; just another number- They are pumping out these classes like CRAZY so the job market is very saturated; hard to land a job even with advantages over other candidatesRead Less",general-assembly
"I was so happy with the instruction I received at General Assembly during my 6 day intensive digital marketing course. The skills were extremely applicable and the instructional staff was hands-on and engaging. When I signed up I was worried whether the... Read More course would end up being applicable in my B2B marketing role, but the class was framed in such a way that there was something to take away from each lesson whether for everyone in the room. I feel the course was as valuable to me as a corporate marketer as it was to the start-up founders, brand strategists, and other wide array of backgrounds in the course. Loved it and definitely recommend!Read Less",general-assembly
"Generally, I found the enthusiasm of the teacher and TAs to be the best part. They stayed longer on office hours than advertised, even on weekends. I felt for what we learned was generally what I wanted and expected. My biggest complaint was more how... Read More the program was run, some were coincidental to my particular program I think, and some were larger to GA it felt like. For instance, our first day was a full ice breaker session. I didn't want beer and falafel as part of a full day's tuition that I paid for. If that was there, plus some intro level stuff about front end coding wrapped together, after a couple ice breaker activities, great. But that was more like orientation than a first day of class that I was expecting for what I was paying. On that day, our producer stressed how she'd be there for any issue we may have during our 10 weeks. She ended up quitting during our time there. I understand things happen, but it did diminish my trust in the overall program if that figure couldn't stick it out for the whole course, or if circumstances didn't allow, either intro a direct replacement right then, or a really solid reason why the position is unfilled and assurance of who to reach out to in the interim. I didn't personally feel the need to contact the producer, but still.Finally, scheduling was a bit strange if it hadn't stuck to the schedule. The teacher was ill one class, so instead of having a working session with the TA's (which I think were scheduled towards the end of the class and they could be bumped up then), they full out canceled class, and therefore made the schedule one week offset until the end. Being that summer was starting at the end of the class, and with a target audience of working professionals who have to plan ahead, it seems strange that the schedule would be fluidly treated. I ended up missing my final presentation because of that. Teachers shouldn't be teaching when sick, but it's likely that a something could come up to prevent them from making a class in the course of a program, so I was perplexed at how they handled it.Read Less",general-assembly
I really enjoyed my UX design course w GA. I would really love to have a class so I could build out my portfolio. I have a hard time carving out time outside of my regular 40+ hour work week to really polish and concentrate. I left the class w 1.5 pieces... Read More and to apply to jobs 3 is minimum. It would be great to have a workshop w some feedback from a professional.Read Less,general-assembly
The Front End Development course at GA was everything I expected and more. Kareem and the TA Robert did a very good job keeping the class focused on learning and enjoying it at the same time. They were helpful and listened to the classes questions about... Read More the subject of the given day. I felt the course was laid out well and did not overburden me as I was attending the course as well as working full time. The course has increased my knowledge of Front End Development and will allow me to continue to grow within the tech world.Read Less,general-assembly
I took the data analytics course to further my career and learned a lot about data tables and how to best tell a story with data sets. Also got exposure to Tableau along with advanced excel functions. I enjoyed the class as the instructors were knowledgeable... Read More about the subject and worked in the field they were teaching.Read Less,general-assembly
"I am a restaurant owner, and after 12 years working in the industry I decided it was time for something new. General Assembly was the answer. I was part of a strong group of people, supportive and encouraging. The instructors were very helpful, even on... Read More the days that you feel you had enough. The whole of London General assembly was amazing. A huge thank you for all that was involved.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly's Digital Marketing Circuit gave me great tools to better ""walk the walk"" (and not just talk the walk) as a world-class marketer strategist in an ever-evolving digital environment. The curriculums and exercises (""homework"") allowed me... Read More to learn by doing and the 1:1 weekly mentoring gave me time to ask real-time questions relevant to my goals. I loved the simple and interactive platform. These guys get it!Read Less",general-assembly
"FEWD was weak. It's very hard to follow an instructor on the tiny screens at GA. And my 26 year old instructor was more interested in showing us how smart he was than teaching. Also lack of written examples or more online training to reinforce what we... Read More were being taught. It was a massively overpriced overview of front end web dev. I'm now paying to repeat the classes at another code school, (Noble Desktop which blows GA away, their instructors are fantastic and so is the methodology). GA has no interest in customer success for part time students. Marketing is fabulous and so is the variety and relevancy of course selection. Note that my data analytics bootcamp was significantly better that FEWD probably because it was constructed and taught by adults with Wall Street experience. GA needs to allow repeats via online audits. If you want a recognizable name on your resume go to GA. If you want to be able to do what they are teaching you, study other schools closely and go elsewhere (i.e. Noble for front end) if web dev is your goal.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly has carved a space within all-things digital marketing including strategy, brand, content, social, analytics and more with this part time course. My instructor's comprehensive knowledge, experience and captivating teaching style was really... Read More impressive and I've recommended to friends of mine who have since enrolled in the same course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I feel that GA instructors are working professionals whose skills in teaching meet what I expect from an educational course. Given that, I do think GA is a cool environment and there are things you can get out of it, but the pressure of how expensive... Read More it was, compounded by my hope to learn everything from ground zero, did not make GA the best place to walk into to get learning.Read Less",general-assembly
"It was great to have an amazing instructor who had many years of experience in the field and in teaching. The curriculum is project based that it allowed students to have about 5 projects at the end of the day. We had the privilege to have two TAs (or... Read More IAs) and they were both very helpful. However, the acoustics of rooms are horrible. The rooms echoes so much that once more than one person starts to talk, all the noise starts to ramble. Lastly, my biggest disappointment was in the job support. During the info session of the course I took, GA emphasized strongly on the job support and was very confident in that category. For us, our job ""coach"" was always sick. I've sent her things to review or get feedbacks from her but it seems like she never reads them. The ""support"" you guys promised was definitely missing and that makes me think about the money I've spent for this. On the side note, the recruiting manager for TAs (IAs) was horrible in communication that she just went MIA during the recruiting process. You guys seriously need to work on this.Read Less",general-assembly
"I completed a Data Analytics course at GA in NYC. I went to GA since I was interested in entering a Data Analytics/Data Science Graduate program, however, wasn't completely sure I wanted to commit. My experience confirmed my uneasiness of going into the... Read More data analytics field. I was still interested in continuing my education in the field, however, decided to start pursuing an entry-level career in industry to gain some more skills and experience before committing to a program. My instructor was working full-time within the data analytics field which is what convinced me to switch careers. Her teaching wasn't 100%; sometimes she had difficulty explaining/verbalizing thoughts and reasoning behind processes/theory, but on the whole, was decent. My TA was able to communicate more clearly and help with the issues I encountered during my projects and was also able to give a different perspective to techniques as she was working full-time in the field. I think that's what separates GA from other types of continuing education programs - everyone is working and this is supplementary to gain new skills for career development. The one downside since I attended GA part-time - I didn't have access to the talent discovery/career opportunity supportRead Less",general-assembly
I was actually quite disappointed with my experience at GA. The Digital Marketing class was very basic and I did NOT get the return. I have not heard from my instructor or classmates since as promised. I could have gotten the same from an online course... Read More for free or a fraction of this price. I would not/ have not recommended this class to other people who were interested.Read Less,general-assembly
"Graduating from Web Development Immersive at General Assembly was one of the most challenging yet rewarding things I have done in my life!I highly recommend the program. The teachers was super knowledgeable, the curriculum well developed and the career... Read More coach super supportive. Be ready to dedicate 3 months of completely dedicating yourself to studying. The program is very fast passed and includes both front-end and back-end development. I was able to find a job after 1 month of graduation.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: hands on class activities, learning different technology systems used in industry, most of the community is super nice and try to make themselves available to help studentsCons: lack/shortage of resources like staff, could have looked at more technologies... Read More used like photoshop and axure, could have had more UI/visual design classes because this is what most companies look for, more helpful resources during job search, more preparation of what to expect both in interview process and what it's like working on real design teamsRead Less",general-assembly
"Pros:-Great instructor who took time to explain things and made time to meet one on one when you needed extra help-learned a lot about UXCons:-Not much support finding a job after the course was over. I wasn't expecting to be handed a job by any means.... Read More I did, however, think I'd have more resources provided. My cohort did not get much of a career fair (4 companies is not what I consider a career fair)-Career coach, though friendly and enthusiastic, was not as helpful as I've heard they are in other campuses (outside of Seattle). I believe in SF, the coaches will help you apply to a few jobs, including filling out a cover letter, with you directly. That was not what happened in Seattle and it would have helped to have that assistance for the first few job applications (if a student requested it, of course)Read Less",general-assembly
"It was great to be part of the part time program...great location, group, support, and outstanding instruction ( by lance levenson). No Con's but a suggestion...light rooms should be control in the classroom(for projections purposes).Job support it will... Read More appreciated.Read Less",general-assembly
I've learned quite a bit about using Excel and SQL as tools for data analysis. I've also like the aspect that there was an emphasis on less is more (no clutter). Since SQL is pretty involved it would be almost better to have a standalone circuit teaching... Read More just SQL so you get to practice it a bit more. The final project was well thought out and interesting (Airbnb in Amsterdam) and fun to work on. To get the weekly feedback from a tutor also helped to move everything along more smoothly. Overall a very pleasant learning experience.Read Less,general-assembly
The javascript circuit course was just enough information to get started in programming. The video's and lessons were well laid out. The pace was perfect. It was a challenge for me but the mentor helped a great deal.,general-assembly
"PROS- Increased high-level awareness of digital marketing techniques, channels, best practices, resources, etc.- Met nice people- Easy to see that others were experiencing the same difficulties with the course as I was- Qualified, insightful, instructors... Read More -- their talents severely hindered by the curriculum to be of true valueCONS- Lack of in-depth discussion in any of the areas, as a class or in group exercises, due to time constraints- Unreasonable to expect genuine learning/information absorption would occur given the pace at which this course is delivered- Ultra concentrated / over ambitious curriculum for the unrealistic time to cover it required over-dependence on self-instruction, research, and external resources during and after class, essentially downgrading the instructors (who came across as completely competent) to glorified presenters- The time it took to receive grades was simply unacceptableRead Less",general-assembly
"I loved the WDI program at General Assembly NYC. I learned a ton, and built a really solid foundation for career pivoting. That said, it's been a hard pivot in my market. This area is saturated with coding bootcamps - some with great standing in the local... Read More tech scene; some with less than stellar responses. Getting that first position to take a chance on a green developer is hard - much harder than anticipated and much harder than the success rates would have one believe.Read Less",general-assembly
I love the instructor and the students. The course had a lot of projects which I appreciated. It could have had better post- class support.,general-assembly
"The teacher was knowledgable but overall the curriculum felt contrived and rushed. The ratio of teacher assistants and students was very unproportinal, leading to unananswered questions and lots of cancelled office hours with students left hanging. I... Read More took the front-end course, and was clearly a beginner, but most of the students had years of experience ahead of me. Curriculum should be more outcome focused to make the vibe more accessible. Lastly, there was clear gaps in the lessons themselves (for example, we did not go over the command line or Github at all). Choose Bloc or Galvanize instead.Read Less",general-assembly
"Overall, the program was great and was one of the best decisions I've ever made in my life. To me, and a lot of other developers I've spoken too -- it's less about how many languages you know, or even how good of a programmer you are. It's more about,... Read More do you have the skills to learn how to learn to program. Do you have the mindset. It is frustrating learning a new skill and development is no different. You have to be methodical. You have to think rationally, break big problems into small ones, and stay calm when something big breaks, and you have a few hours left to meet a deadline.Also as a side note I didn't complete college, am recently out of high school having successfully completed this program. I don't see it as something that is really that much of a disadvantage either, if any. I know plenty of developers now who have better paying and better lifestyles now than many of my friends who went to college. One reason, perhaps the main reason why I took this program is I saw that people went to college for things that 2 years down, once the actually had some courses applicable to their major, they didn't enjoy it. Or they ended up making more money waiting on tables in a steakhouse, so just did that instead of what they went to school for. I saw General Assembly as a potential escape to that, and believe it can be, for those people with just high school diploma and no real sense of what they liked and didn't like, providing real world skills in demand, at a much lesser overall cost and less time commitment. So, if I took the program and found out later I didn't like the work, it would be less of a big deal, partly because it is so much less of your life and less expensive, and partly because, if you know how to code or design, there are jobs where knowing it is an asset but doesn't contribute to even half of the responsibilities. Some people coming out of web development immersive became product managers, or ux designers for example, where knowing code is great, and can set you ahead of others, but doesn't really mean you will be in the trenches writing the code all day.I have heard out that programming can be taught to everyone, and while I can agree the skill can be taught to everyone, I don't believe you should get into it half-heartedly. Especially Web Development Immersive (WDI). It is so intense, difficult, and frustrating, at least at times, you will want to quit and wonder if this whole bootcamp thing is worth it. It is, if you want to do web development and you have an intuition it is for you. The program is specifically for Web Application Development for fully functional front-end and back-end technologies, and outcomes for web development. You don't learn anything else, not SEO, SEM, content writing, Content Management Systems, or anything. It's specifically Web Development and nothing else that isn't covered in the curriculum. Now the numbers for getting a job are great in over 95% job placement related to the skills you learned from the program-- you'll get a job if you put in the applications. I'm about 2.5 months after the program, but I did what was not recommended by outcomes. I moved to take the program from Erie, Pennsylvania, to Boston, then after taking the program, I realized mainly for financial reasons I needed to move back to PA. Outcomes said moving back to PA wouldn't be recommended and it may take a little longer to find a job in a smaller market, as the support for outcomes is tailored to Boston, as the location I went to for school was located there. Plus moving would have to get used to the networking tech climate, how people interact in the community, after already getting used to Boston. I haven't found it particularly difficult, however I didn't have much of a choice but to move back to PA, so maybe that helped. I am still looking, they say the average time is about 3 months after the program to find a job. The job search is pretty time consuming. At GA Boston the requirements for outcomes are about 10 jobs/wk, as well as networking events and informational interviews with someone in the industry. On top of that improving/learning a new skill ie. new language or framework, and having something to prove for it. It takes time to do that right. I would say 20 hrs minimum a week, but you would want to spend more time if you can.After taking this program I am confident I will find something. Even if I didn't get the certificate for successful completion I believe I would have the same career opportunities just by going through it. Not too many really ask for credentials in interviews, I have had more than 10 and no one has ever asked me for credentials.Although not required, I would recommend to try and take an online course first to get your feet wet before diving in headfirst into any of GA's immersive programs in order to see if they are right for you.Read Less",general-assembly
"I think that one of the best things about this program is all the time I spent thinking specifically, and devising solutions to common UX issues. I appreciate the network that this program helped me develop. The teachers of UXDI were very warm, approachable... Read More and well-informed. Honestly, I feel that there wasn't anything that I learned that I could not have taught myself, and the price of the program was a little high for what it was... But all in all, I feel that it was worthwhile and it helped me to switch gears and redefine myself as an advocate of the user.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: learned how to use a great deal of web tools, solid environmentCons: drop off in quality of teaching on the last section. Instructors were hardly around for the project and very little assistance was provided. I'm having a hard time getting past... Read More the technical interview section since we've never gone over basic Computer Science principles. I don't understand how runtime optimization, data structures or binary trees work and I am constantly asked these questions during interviews. Was never graded on projects and feedback was abysmal. Half the things listed on the syllabus weren't covered.Read Less",general-assembly
"While the focus of the program is built around a tech environment, the marketing and data-centered lessons are applicable to all job types.",general-assembly
"This was an excellent course! I am interested in analytics, but I don't have the math background required for a graduate degree. This course allowed me to get involved in analytics by teaching me the tools required, giving me the data and guidance to... Read More practice, and then create a final project that I am able to present to leadership to make an impact on how my workplace operates. Highly recommended.Read Less",general-assembly
"This is for all bootcamps out there. Please do not take any student who does not have any bachelors degree. Its really hard to get a job in this field where company either wants experience or you have to have one of the bachelors degree or some kind of... Read More secret clearance. At least if the student have a bachelors degree there is some hope because for student like me, seems like we wasted all the money and now we are jobless. Its not that I gave up already, I am still struggling. I even started working at gas station to support my family and also, so I can study and apply for job day time. But it's just my resume fails 6 second rule every time when company don't see any experience and top of that no degree. Now even recruiters don't want to talk to me because I don't stand in their weekly sales target chart. I have given interviews, I have passed coding challenges but still get same copy pasted email from HR or recruiter ""Sorry! they have chosen another candidate !"". After investing so much money it's really hard even to think about going to different field. I'll fight till end but at the end I have a family to feed too.So please if you guys can think about my request, it would be so much good for people like me.Thank you !Read Less",general-assembly
"Overall I had an amazing experience in General Assembly's WDI program, and I'm really glad I did it. I was pushed to my limits intellectually as well as emotionally. I found internal resources that I didn't know I had and probably would never otherwise... Read More had a chance to discover. I would say that bootcamp is not for everyone. You need to really know yourself well before you commit to this. It's sustained high stress for 3 months straight, and if you know you don't handle stress well, I would suggest thinking hard whether this is the right choice for you. In order to keep going in the program you have to really enjoy the work too, so spend some time learning as much as you can on your own before you decide to do it to see whether it's something you could feasibly spend all day every day doing for 3 months. Anything you can learn independently will help you in the program as well. But if you think you can do it, I would say that it's worth pushing yourself beyond your comfort zone. The sense of reward and accomplishment is well worth the work.  pros:  1. Structured learning environment - helps to stay focused and disciplined in your learning.  2. Taught by programmers with several years of experience - Instructors were able to relate their personal experiences in job search and were aware of the current most in-demand languages to teach. 3. Lots of support from fellow students and instructors to go to for help when stuck. 4. unit projects provide apps to include in your portfolio, as well as helps you build up your github.cons: 1. Experience will be extremely cohort dependent. I feel really lucky that I got a great group of classmates and teachers (for the most part), but I am aware of other cohorts who are stuck with terrible instructors and there's not much they can do about it. In reading reviews, good or bad, that should be kept in mind. 2. We were given a survey to fill out after unit 1 that allowed us to rate each instructor in depth. Although we were given another survey at the end of the cohort, it did not include this in-depth survey. I can't quite understand why this is since it wasn't until after the unit 1 survey that I really learned things about the instructors and their teaching styles to really comment on. I had one negative interaction with an instructor that I never had an opportunity to report on, that I believe was extremely relevant. Con #1 above would be less of an issue if student feedback on specific instructors was collected at the end of the program, or if some other outlet existed to report on negative experiences with instructors. Maybe if students could see their instructor's ratings by students at the beginning of the cohort, they could decide whether to drop out and try for the next one.  3. Bootcamps are set up so that you are given a certain amount of instruction and help, but you are expected to do a huge amount of independent work as well. I personally sometimes felt that the fine line between the two wasn't always managed as well as it could have been.  4. Because of the extremely high-stress environment, there needs to be more discussion in class about mental health. I know some of my classmates had breakdowns at various points during the cohort, and it would have been helpful if there had existed a more supportive environment for this. In discussing this issue after our cohort was over, we had all felt that we were the only ones having such a difficult time. We all agreed that we would have benefitted from knowing that we were far from the only ones struggling emotionally.Read Less",general-assembly
"The immersive schedule was great. I was able to learn a lot in a very short amount of time. The Project based curriculum was very effective. I feel strongly that the class ""teams"" were not effective. In the real world, I haven't worked on a team with... Read More other UX Designers ( I work with a team, but I am the only UX Designer) It caused too much friction and wasted way too much learning time. But overall, I am now working again - and as a UX Designer, which was my goal.Read Less",general-assembly
"GA is great. The best times I had were in office hours with the TA's. They taught me so much and were able to make things finally click. Also, I run into people all the time that went to GA and are wearing a GA backpack. It's a strong network with a lot... Read More of interesting people.Read Less",general-assembly
"I enrolled in the 10-week Javascript Development course at General Assembly's New York City campus. My background is in design and I'm comfortable in HTML/CSS so I wanted to up my game and add to my skills by learning Javascript (I also wanted to prepare... Read More for an upcoming D3 class which required working knowledge of Javascript--which is another story.)My experience with this class was very positive and I've readily recommend it to a few people. The curriculum was well-organized, each class building on lessons and concepts from the previous class. Our instructor Bobby was extremely experienced, knowledgable, upbeat and energetic. Since the class also had 2 T.A.s, help was never far away. Bobby and the T.A.s made themselves available via slack or email to answer our questions outside of class.We had weekly homework assignments, which did take considerable time &amp; effort (for me at least), but helped immensely to re-enforce learning the material. The course ended with a final project / presentation from each student. It was fun watching how everyone (including myself) progressed in those 10 weeks.Note: I gave 'job support' 3 stars simply because there wasn't an option for 'not applicable'. I already had a job while taking this class and wasn't looking for a new one. But I did scan the jobs board at GA and it looked helpful.Read Less",general-assembly
"PRO: There are not many, if any part time in person class offerings in the Bay area. The amount of material is very vast, and thorough in terms of what we went over. (From API calls, to manipulating the DOM, to integrating back end applications like firebase).... Read More I feel like I learned enough to take the next step in dabbling in coding at my current job. CONS:Sometimes the examples used in class didn't work well -- for example 500px API call example in class kept returning 404 error so we weren't able to see the results of our in class lab. Another example is hubot lab, I spent a lot of time trying to ""fix"" my robot, when actually it just was a bug in the program. Later on it was clarified that as long as the command worked in the command line level it was fine. In 3 or 4 classes, a bulk of the class was spent installing things, I wonder if we could've tried to install at home, then come in during office hours to finish installation, then use more class time for enforcing the concepts. (Ex: firebase, hubot lab, node JS, first day of class installations). Many students expressed that in the beginning it was too slow, when we were building our base and going over pseudo code and variables. I think this could've been done quicker, especially as students need a background in HTML/CSS I don't think that much time over that stuff was necessary. (Especially if everyone did the prework for class). But towards the end many students felt it was going too fast, I think we could've sped it up in the beginning and gone slower towards the end. Not all the additional resource links were that helpful, and sometimes broken. I think links to additional practice like codeschool.com would've been more helpful for practicing and learning the material.Read Less",general-assembly
"I did the Web Development Immersive program through General Assembly. It was a 12-week, full-time program, and they covered most of the essential skills needed to find a job as an entry-level web developer - HTML, CSS, Javascript, and at the time, Ruby.... Read More I think they've since phased out Ruby since it's less popular professionally, and I'm not sure what they've replaced it with.It was a really great support system, mainly, and helps you wade through learning about concepts that you didn't even know you didn't know. I came out of it and got a job pretty quickly at a startup, which I was at for 5 months before moving into the job that I have now as a Jr. Software Engineer at a consulting firm in Fremont. I'm definitely happy that I made the plunge into software development and the tech industry in general - I probably don't want to be a programmer forever, but learning the technical skills that I have will be invaluable if I ever want to move into management within tech.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended the part-time FEWD course at the GA Austin campus. For myself personally, I think the full-time course would have been a better fit, as I could have dug deeper into various front-end topics that I would have liked to better understand.However,... Read More the front-end course is perfect for someone just trying to get their toes wet in front-end web development (probably with a marketing or design background).Months after completing the course - I am STILL excited to receive emails from GA as they often include event details and perks that I continue to take advantage of in Austin.Read Less",general-assembly
"I enjoyed the GA part-time Front-End Web Development class. It goes pretty fast and we honestly didn't get to spend as much time in javascript as I would have liked but I feel like I know enough now to continue my studies in other places. (Ideally free... Read More places!) Not the same amount of ""what to do next"" in the part-time course as I suspect are in their full-time bootcamps. I'm left a little bit what to do next with this knowledge where I expected to make more connections. The teachers were great though, and I can actually build a website from scratch.Read Less",general-assembly
"I was sold a bag of goods. I've been in the ad business for 30 years. All GA cares about is money. The classes were rushed, there was ZERO practical instruction, the instructors were ill prepared to say the least. I cannot and do not recommend GA. When... Read More I complained I was treated like a high school student. I took a class in digital marketing — I could have taught the class! The other classes were as useless.GET IT TOGETHER, WORD IS ON THE STREET, YOU'RE OVERPRICED AND YOU DO NOT DELIVER!Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the part-time course and had a great time working on the projects. My thoughts about the course were... 1. For the amount of information - the classes seemed a little rushed 2. We spent a decent amount of time on Personas, however when talking... Read More to UX Designers they say they don't usually use it3. I wish there was more effort in keeping in touch and community of it all4. More help with connect other GA students with each other and finding jobs 5. The atmosphere was great and the instructors were nice 6. The free food was great7. I have taken other UX courses before and GA did the best in really breaking down the thought process!Read Less",general-assembly
"I came to GA with a background in recruiting and sales and wanted to become a UX Designer. Many of my classmates had backgrounds in Design, Startups, Development and Product Management. I had a steep learning curve compared to others and my background... Read More did not do me any favors when applying to jobs.I went all in with GA and would often stay on campus for 10 to 12 hours. I grew close with my classmates and looked forward to attending instruction every day. I found the class helpful, especially because I learn best in a classroom setting vs on my own. At the end of the day it was a way to kick start my new career, not the final puzzle piece. The class focuses a lot on the process and developing your voice. The hard skills you have to gain on your own. You need to put in the extra time before and after the course building up your portfolio and your skill set. I do think the class could focus more on communicating with developers. That is probably the hardest part of my job. I think most people are pushed more into delivering wireframes and prototypes but sometimes this causes people to get too focused on the UI and not the why.It took me 6 months to land a job where I was actually getting paid. I took an unpaid internship 2 months after the program ended. If you can manage that financially it's worth the portfolio piece. There's only so much you can do with all the projects at GA, which are mostly hypothetical.I am very happy with my new career. I am in a hybrid UX and Product Manager role at Internet Brands. My new career challenges me intellectually and creatively. If you are thinking of making the change GA can push you to make the change but again, it will fall on you to land the job.Read Less",general-assembly
"Great program, lots of hands on work and practice. The location is convenient, and GA did a great job with the setting and equipment for the classroom. I still go to events there. The only thing I would change is for there to be more help with resume... Read More building for the part time program. I understand the full time does have it, though.Read Less",general-assembly
"Where do I start? The General Assembly data science course started off great but our instructor left halfway through it. He was great. Super prepared and explained things in a logical way. I realize that him leaving left GA in a pickle but they tried... Read More to patchwork it together and just made it worst. First they promoted the TA, who was an engineer and not a data scientist. He came to class completely unprepared and gave incoherent lectures. If we asked questions about something we were interested in that the previous instructor talked about, he would tell us it was not important. At the same time, the Course Producer left General Assembly. It was a mess. The new Course Producer tried to make things better but there was never any traction. Eventually we got a new instructor but he didn't seem extremely prepared and badmouthed the previous instructor who was the best part of the course.I felt like I got half a course and wanted a refund. What I learned to the point the first instructor left was incredibly valuable. I still reference his notes to this day. However, everything that happened after that was a joke. I tried to work through the new Course Producer but the management in Boston had no interest in taking care of their students. I got the impression that all that mattered to them was maintaining profits. I realize that it was poor timing and bad luck for both the instructor and course producer to leave at the same time, but the management should have realized that the course suffered and either A. refunded us 50% or B. Offered to let us take the course again for free. I have no interest in ever working with this company ever again.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:1. You get an overview of what it means to work as a UX designer. You don't become an expert. You learn where &amp; how to start the journey.2. You learn in a team environment. You go from strangers to colleagues.3. You have access to network of professionals... Read More who are willing to invest their time in helping you.4. Outcomes team support is great. (Some might think differently.)Cons:1. The program still feels that it's in beta mode. Meaning, the overall curriculum needs some refinement. There are times you feel like you're not learning much. (Of course, on the other hand, there are times you REALLY appreciate what you're learning :) ).2. Admission process needs to be improved. Due to the nature of cohort setting, the quality of students heavily influences the overall learning experience and even outcomes. Be more selective in accepting students to the program.OVERALL,I had enjoyed the program and GA community so much. So grateful!Read Less",general-assembly
"Joining a boot camp was definitely the best decision I have done in my life. Having said that, it is not for everyone. I did not have any coding experience in the past and I had a really really bad time catching up to some of my peers and most of the... Read More time I felt ""dumb"" asking questions fearing that I was holding everyone back. GA does give out a sheet of paper asking for feedback at the end of the day but that is after the fact... usually waaaaay to late when you are touching so many subjects every day. At the end of the cohort, most of my peers shared that they felt exactly the same way as I did and were too afraid to communicate anything back to the Instructor or GA. I actually created a little app that helps with this. I called it Yolko. The app is a way for the Instructor and the audience to communicate back and forth in a save manner in real time. Check it out (https://yolko-sandbox3.firebaseapp.com/#!/). I am currently working with University of Miami on user testing it in their classrooms so GA not only got me an awesome job, I might be helping me launch my own tech start up soon after I validate the product. Thank you!Read Less",general-assembly
"The pros, it gives an inclusive environment feel like a high school club or fraternity. The con is it cost $15000 and theres no guarantee of a job because most establishments frown upon the web development bootcamp.",general-assembly
"General Assembly provided a great balance of teaching skills and encouraging communication with both senior instructors and fellow students. Working together on assignments and on group projects with fellow open-minded first-time programmers was a great... Read More experience. The overall experience is not designed to make you a master of any coding language or framework, but instead teaches you how to continue learning and how to interact in tech fields.Read Less",general-assembly
"It didn't take me long to fall in love with the community at GA. My Android Development Immersive classmates, teacher, and TAs all became very close and most of us have kept in touch long after graduation. Several of us have worked on projects together... Read More since graduating, and it is not uncommon for us to still go to each other for advice on coding, or on our careers as programmers. That being said, the GA administration was sloppy- at best. A few weeks in we lost our Outcomes coach. We were not warned of her departure, we were not contacted by the school. Instead, it took a personal email from our coach (who had already been let go) to let us know that we wouldn't be working with her any more. Our new coach, who was known as the ""coach who couldn't help any of the last cohort get jobs jobs,"" completely turned our outcomes work upside down. Much of what she said directly contradicted what we had been told in the past, we had to re-do work we had previously completed and felt comfortable with, and in the end, just like with the cohort before us, this new coach was unable to help the vast majority of our cohort transition into the working world. Now, months down the road, we've heard that that Outcomes coach has been replaced again. Like I said, it's a mess. Those of us who do have development positions today, such as myself, largely did so on their own accord and without the help of the Outcomes team. All in all, General Assembly was a satisfying experience which taught me a lot, but with Outcomes being considered such a large selling point of the school, I can't see a reason to recommend it over any of the other bootcamps in NYC.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: Provides lots of content to share on social media to rake in those sweet, sweet likes and favs. Damn near everybody on your friends list is gonna be hella jeal of the ""innovative"" and ""exciting"" work you're doing.Cons: Costs like $10,000 -- I had... Read More to take up a side gig of selling bootlegged DVDs in order to have enough money to take the course.Read Less",general-assembly
Great hands on experience with coding and teachers available for office hours for one-on-one mentoring if needed.,general-assembly
"This program changed my life. After taking this program, I carved out an unofficial UX spot for myself at my design agency which led to a UX job at IBM which led to me leading my own team as the Design Lead, which means I own the user experience for my... Read More product. Big change in 3 years. My teacher was super impressive in her credentials and also in that she didn't start as a user experience designer. The only con was that it was a lot of different ux directions merged into one without talking about the difference, without design thinking and without user testing. I hope to one day teach this at the Austin branch and change others lives as much as mine has changed.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly runs an exciting and ambitious course. The staff was intelligent, caring, and happy to help. However, I wound up failing my first project from mixing up two lines of code despite exceeding expectations in every other way and going out... Read More of my way to help some of my classmates who struggled with the project more than I did. The staff was very happy to talk to me about what went wrong and hopefully will be making some changes to the grading rubric in the future, but because of this they did not extend to me job hunting support after the program. I feel like I did get most all of the job hunting information I needed from within the course, however. I'll be more positive about the experience if I get a job soon, but the strict sticking to the rules spoiled my experience somewhat - the time to challenge oneself and push for greater coding challenges should be in the classroom, and the grading system rewards the exact opposite of that.Read Less",general-assembly
The remote product management course is fast paced and intensive. It teaches you the best practices in UX Design and business and the more technical components of product management. The course is structured to be very interactive and hands-on. You learn... Read More a lot from other students based on their product ideas and receive lots of feedback on your ideas. It has also helped us to navigate the product management job landscape and how to best position yourself for a product manager role.Read Less,general-assembly
"Where do I begin with this?You will get into General Assembly pretty much without trying. I had a classmate who did not do the prep work, but was still accepted into GA. Should that have been a red flag? Yes. The prep work is all HTML and CSS, something... Read More you can learn on your own. Their interview process with the admissions producers was a few questions, really about nothing. They will just ask whether you thought following instructions to create a website was hard. Many of us struggled throughout the course with the homework, we received little to no feedback. I have friends who graduated from all the other bootcamps, their school gave them a ton of feedback and extra help if necessary. They had a much better ratio of students to instructor ratio, less than 10. Did I mention there were 55 students in my class? We separated into 2 classes: 3 main instructors, 2 instructor associates, and 1 teaching assistant. We had one teaching assistant after 5pm for 55 students!! All the other instructors usually leave at 5. Fortunately, my classmates helped each other which got me through the class. General Assembly gave $750 credit to each student because they felt bad about us not giving us enough help after 5pm. Lets do the math here, each student paid $13,500, and there were 55 of us, over $740,000 and they couldn’t hire another teaching assistant. We found out that upper management heard our complaints, but just ignored us. A few of the students who actually understood some of the material really well, booked a classroom to teach us. Isn’t that what the instructors were for? The instructors did not have it all together. Students often complained about the space of one of the instructors, and on two occurrences, and roughly 3 hours of our classroom time were spent on an intervention to make him a better instructor. This was towards the end of the 12 week program, wasn’t it too late for that when we had complained about it in the 4th week? General Assembly’s jobs report regarding students who work with outcomes support: 88% get a job in 3 months, 99% get a job in 6 months; this is most likely not true and there needs to be an audit (Many of us are seeking a class action lawsuit to bring the truth to light). Read about Coding House: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coding_House“BPPE determined that Coding House had engaged in false advertising. Coding House said on its website that 95% of its alumni received employment by two months after completing the curriculum and that their average starting salary was $91,000. However, BPPE found that just 57 of Coding House's 70 graduates had provided details about their jobs and salaries. The school had 21 companies in a ""Where Our Graduates Work Now"" part of its website. However, BPPE determined from an analysis of Coding House's records that just two alumni had been hired by either of the 21 companies.”Many people from my cohort gave up on GA’s outcomes support because they can only help so much. They will tell you what you should do, which many of us have done. Apply to 10 or so jobs a week, go out and network, etc. Many of us chose GA because we were led to believe that GA had amazing job support, but that is definitely not the case.In my cohort, 3 months out, I would say 12 or so people got a job, (2 took teaching assistant part time jobs at General Assembly, 5 found coding jobs, but several of them took salaries under $60k just to get the experience, 2 took internships, 3 others took nontech jobs). General Assembly only puts in an effort to help the top 10 or so students, often referring them to companies that helped land interviews. Note, the cohort after mines (started a month after I did), had about 30 people, and from what I heard, about 5 or so got jobs/internships. I get asked about my experience at GA all the time and I tell them the truth. Choose the other bootcamps if you can, you’ll struggle to get in, but that says something about their program. I convinced a few people who got into GA, to reconsider and attend other bootcamps. Also keep in mind, when you graduate from a bootcamp, so do about 100 other people from other bootcamps that are also looking for a job. The market is saturated with bootcampers, and employers will not give you an opportunity because you have no experience. Catch22.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took General Assembly's Front End Web Development Course and had a wonderful experience. The first portion of the course was largely focused around HTML and CSS. This was a lot easier for me to grasp. When it came to the javascript portion, it was VERY... Read More challenging, therefore, I was happy to have both my instructors and TA's to lean on to help me learn and work through that section of the course.Read Less",general-assembly
Very hands on and practical education with engaging instructors,general-assembly
"I took the Digital Marketing Circuit simply to learn about the field, even though I am not a marketing professional. I found the course to be super interesting, and for an online course, they did a GREAT job of keeping me focused. I was really nervous... Read More at first because I find online courses SO boring, and hard to keep up with. Most of the online courses today are boring videos of a teacher lecturing or reading material. This was nothing like that.  Here's what I liked about it: -There's a good split between presentations and videos -Knowledge checks help you assess if you've learned the information-The projects are applicable, especially if you have a business idea you are working on -The workload is manageable. Not too much, and broken out in sections. Like I said, I think everyone should take this course. Marketing is such a key component of any business these days so I'm really happy I learned about it. If you're an entrepreneur who doesn't know much about building an audience, this is particularly a great class for you. I highly recommend this course! Great way to learn. Thanks GA for the great experience!Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended GA back in 2015 with a background in art and community relations - I was ok at CSS &amp; HTML, but hadn't done a lot of ""coding."" Pros: The instructors. So, so so awesome! I had Neel, Fritz, and Jeff, and together the three of them gave me one... Read More of the most fun learning experiences of my life! We learned architecture and application design as much as we learned syntax - which was a blast for me, since the ""bigger picture"" is what's interesting to me. The campus was also wonderful - great facilities, and a welcoming place to get together and code with classmates after class.Cons: We didn't learn a lot about testing, and that's one of the first things I (and many of my classmates) was put to work doing at my new job.Most important thing I think was to do you pre-work before class. Some folks who didn't complete it didn't struggle, but most of the folks who were struggling hadn't done their pre-work.Read Less",general-assembly
"I believe my review will be a little different than most and probably not apply to many people, but thought I'd share it anyways. To give a little background I was coding before my bootcamp. Nothing fancy or too technical. Some entry level Ruby on Rails... Read More stuff a little css and HTML. I am basically self taught and pretty motivated to learn, but in the vast world of coding there can be a million directions you can take your studies without ever knowing if it's a good direction or just something useful, but not really relevant to what you were looking for. So I decided to take my coding up a level as well as take a serious (and expensive) step towards joining the development community. In comes bootcamps. I researched and researched. read the reviews on any site i could find weeding out the (what i felt) overly negative or positive reviews. I understood these were going to be time consuming and mentally challenging so all the reviews stating that as a negative were ignored or put into the positive category. I was looking for a challenge. I wanted something that would be hard and force me to try and get out of my comfort level and continue to grow. I knew i wanted to check out Austin so I looked a little more at the schools there and what kind of options it could provide. After all the reading I came upon General Assembly in Austin. I know global is a stretch, but they had schools in all the major ""tech"" cities so hopefully would get all the available resources in those cities as well if i ever decided to relocate. First and probably a big thing is I am not a local in Austin and this is something I will point out later, but this made every city an option and I knew I would have extra costs over most of the local students no matter where I attended. The key reasons I picked GA over the others. Most important for me was the program. This was a bootcamp offering Ruby on Rails. This is a language I was a little familiar and new what it is capable of and wanted to learn everything I could about it. So big plus for me. Second, it was in Austin. A city I had heard great things about and thought I would enjoy living there. I did, and maybe this was naive of me, plan on relocating to a ""tech"" town and figured attending a school there would provide many more resources there. This was also a very big plus for me. The third and final thing that made me chose GA was they mentioned a kind of reverse job fair during the course. Where they would bring in companies they know and you would kind of showcase what you had to offer. Again, maybe naive, but I figured if I worked hard and really focused I could definitely have something to show what I had learned and what I was capable of learning.Now about the actual bootcamp itself. After applying I had a video screening/interview and was given some ""pre""-work to complete before classes began. During the interview I specifically asked about the three things mentioned above and all three were confirmed. The only downside I had so far was there is no parking or campus for the school. Not a big deal if you're local, but definitely something to think about if you're from out of town. They were however clear about this and I knew about them before I moved to Austin for the school. The ""pre""-work was simple, but not a bad introduction to javascript. Having done a little coding before and having a quasi mentor from the start I know coding is 70% googling lol. So, no issues there, but no idea what would happen if you had questions you couldn't answer. First day of class arrives and they drop a giant bombshell. They are not going to be teaching Ruby on Rails during this cohort. In hind sight I really wish I would have dropped right then and there and just eaten the cost of going to Austin as a bad mini-vacation, but trying to be positive I stayed. They offered Python or PHP as a replacement as they felt these are more popular languages in Austin. Well that made sense and I've worked with Python Django before and know a little bit about what it can do and hoped they chose that one. Which they did end up going with. Not to go too into the schedule itself as a lot is covered (too much by the way). Core structure is talked about, the schedule and the requirements to graduate such as homework completion, attendance and participation. Classes start well. The instructors are really friendly and do their best to answer questions without getting dragged too far off topic. As classes go on and homework is assigned every night everything seems alright so far. However, the homework is not really relevant to the lessons and no one seems to check it. Just that it's turned in. We were told if we had questions to submit them with the homework, but I never heard of a question being answered or any help being given although classmates would ask each other and express their concerns in class. So homework seemed pretty pointless in general at this point. People were only doing it to meet the graduation requirement. Moving on. HTML, CSS were basically covered in one day and never mentioned again. (That's a little bit of an overstatement, but not much). Javascript was the main focus in the beginning which was great as this was the other reason besides Ruby that I took this program. Javascript is a giant and I knew self studies would need to be done to get better later, but the very basic things were lost on most of the class for the entirety of the course. The lessons didn't seem to be structured in a way to reinforce any type of foundation though so a lot of core concepts would be lost. They felt more like code alongs from some of the free online courses I had taken before which is exactly what i was paying to not get. I wanted and expected more direct questions and answers. A lot of ""try googling it"" was the responses we were getting and again. I was paying for more than that, more than I could do on my own. I was paying for their knowledge and guidance. Something I felt I never got during this bootcamp. On to the front-end frameworks. At the end of the course this is what I felt like was the core of the program. Angular was mentioned and a quick code along for part of a day was spent on it never to be heard from again. React-native was mentioned and another instructor was brought in to teach that one day code along. React is the one we focused on primarily and I will always be thankful for the introduction to the word React, but not much else. We did and I give full credit, cover Create-React-App. How to install it, covered a little bit about components, state vs props and a little bit about es6. Being introduced to React made me want to instantly learn more about it. What it could do and the best ways to use this for my needs. So I find myself buying an online course to learn React while I am paying thousands to have someone teach me React. Honestly, I learned more from a ten dollar online course from Udemy about React than I did from this entire bootcamp. I also picked up and started trying to apply Redux into my projects. The big problem with this was now I was trying to use things outside the scope of the course and come project time our team was told directly that we would be given no assistance while Redux was being used. For the prices we were paying losing a solid week of any kind of instructions was too much so I decided to pull it from our project. This was really irritating, but I could understand it's not being taught ever during the course. The other grief I came across was a team doing their project in React-Native. Something that ""was"" covered in class. They were told they wouldn't get any help, but because our instructors didn't know it and simply couldn't provide assistance. The group did manage to get the other Instructor to come in from the Native day and help them out for a bit. I feel offering a course you can't even help with the basics is useless and embarrassing and should be removed from the course schedule.The next section and my biggest reason for picking GA. Ruby on Rails.. wait... Python. If this course would have had any thought or preparation or any useful anything I probably wouldn't be writing this section. First, this program is a ""mac"" program. you have to have one. you will only be taught on one and we can only help with one. They did help the few pc people though to be fair all course. However, day one of Python they bring in an ""expert"" i guess. The guy has no idea where we are at with python (none) what he is supposed to cover or since he is a pc guy how anything python related works on a mac. our required equipment for the class. Wants to know were we are and how comfortable we are with C#... so a fully wasted day to start. Lessons all week continue on with the same results. from getting installs working (most never did) to watching instructors try and learn how to use Python or get flask working or MySql working. While I know debugging is part of coding and showing errors and how to fix them would be and is useful. Having a whole class staring at you while you try and figure out your lesson doesn't seem to be too cost effective to me as a student. Literally learned nothing about Python or Django (most popular one i found in job searches). Didn't even attempt to use Django. Students literally didn't stay in class. Would go sit in the main rooms and work on javascript or trying to learn css. A lot of grumblings about asking for refunds and really upset students during this week. Worst part was this replaced the Main reason I picked GA. They took away a class they know how to teach and gave us this as a replacement. Awful.The last bit of the course was basically devoted to final projects. Being a little ahead with no distractions during my stay I finished my final project before it was assigned so I tried to help out anyone I could. Students were struggling to remember how to start a server using Node, because React wasn't comfortable enough to try a full project in. Node was taught in the beginning weeks and kind of forgotten about. CSS and Bootstrap seemed to still be alien to most people. One student was still working on the ""pre""-work for his final project as he was not allowed to participate in projects from before. He was trying, but a little behind so I thought this was nice they still allowed him to work on something. However, come to find out he was issued the same graduation certificate as everyone else and never finished the work required to even start the course. Making any kind of certificate we get pointless or extremely undervalued. Final projects overall were bad. some just copies of lesson projects except they didn't work anymore or functioned worse than the original.This might come across as a rant, but I waited a while to write this so I could give the facts and not just my frustrations. The one thing you might have not heard me mention during the review was the job fair type deal they had talked about during the initial interview. That's because they never happened. Come to find out they wouldn't happen until after class had ended. Which is great if you're a local, but I am not and they said it would happen throughout the course as well. So another of the major reasons for picking GA was taken away from me. On the subject of jobs. This was the point of taking a bootcamp for me. I didn't expect a guaranteed job or even landing one right away. I mean I was hopeful and with all the job related things they told me they offered throughout the course I figured I was only limited to how hard I was willing to try and get one. The job section is divided up between two people. One is a career coach and you work with them once a week for an hour as a class. Learning things like fill out your resume and linkedin and be sure to apply to companies if you want to find a job. The main function of this position was to prep you for applying online and encourage you to attend meetups. How to make your profile stand out. These are all things you can and should already be doing at home on your own. This is what i think they called the student facing part of the career people. This could be helpful if you haven't had a job before or need someone to force you to be social.The company facing half. The half I was expecting to work with the most trying to find a job. Well I don't know who she is. She came by and made introductions in the beginning of class and that was the last I heard from her. I still don't know how she is supposed to recommend someone to a company if she has never met them. She is the one with all the ever important contacts and you literally get none of that during the course. She was very friendly with the couple of locals she partied with outside of class though. So i'm sure she's a good resource for them. After graduation you do get a slack channel were she pastes the jobs from linkedin so everyone can see them there. Which i could have done from home for free... All in all I would not recommend General Assembly to anyone of any level. I can't speak for all bootcamps, but this one is not worth the money we paid or any money for that matter. No matter your learning style or preference none seemed to be addressed during this course except code along.pros - your classmates are awesome and a giant part of getting you into the community.the staff is friendlyit was located where they said it wassometimes there was free beer in the main area, but was mostly empty or hot or over pressurizedcons -the admin. maybe. who knows. the course content has zero structure. changing course content in between payment and course start datebringing in ""experts"" that can't teachcovering subjects the instructors can't teach or help with just to say they offer themnone of the required requirements were required to graduate. attendance. homework. participation. NONE! all three were not completed by different students and all three graduatedthe cost for what was returned - wasted weeks during the course. little to no instruction was givenlocation was expensive and difficult, but that might only apply to non-localsallowing everyone to graduate without anything makes this a participation medalthe job assistance is non existent. do not expect a job. it does happen, but it will be all you. not from a GA resource. the amount of assistance was/is very misleading. the additional resources from the other cities is not really there. pretty sure after this review I will be stricken from their recordsAll of the useful things take place after the course. not during. so plan accordingly. none are given during the course!!Read Less",general-assembly
"Want to learn Photoshop but you're intimidated by its overwhelming features that you just don't know where to start? Are you looking to increase your skill set? Are you a UX Designer who wants to have more confidence in defending your designs?These were... Read More all the reasons why I took the part-time Visual Design course and it exceeded beyond my expectations. Dani, the course instructor, and Jess, her assistant, were an awesome and supportive team. They guided me on the process of creating a homepage design that I'm proud to show to employers.It's been almost a year and a half since I've finished the course but it's made a big impact on my career. Before the course, I used to focus more on wireframing. Now I've moved onto a job where I mostly work on the visual design and prototyping of the product. The course has increased my confidence not only as a Photoshop user but a designer as well. Another benefit is the connections you make with your peers and the instructional team. I go to Dani and Jess whenever I need design or career advice.The only con I have is that I wished it was longer so that there would be more time to work on responsive design on the final project and learn about accessibility.Read Less",general-assembly
"I invested in the Digital Marketing class out of pocket ($3500, tuition has since been raised to $3950?!) as a professional who already has abundance of experience in the research and data analysis domain. The biggest sell for me at the time of orientation... Read More was GA's highly advertised Google Analytics usage part of the course, since GA is a purported ""partner"". The level of exposure and hands-on experience through the curriculum was supposed to be enough to lead to Google Analytics certification. In reality, this class mainly turned out to be a marketing class, with the digital aspect (i.e. Google Analytics) relegated to the final 3/10 weeks. The level of knowledge demonstrated in class by the instructors surrounding the online marketing platforms varied significantly as well (Google Adwords, Facebook, Twitter, etc.) Only one out of three instructors had substantive talking points about the tools and context of use and could answer some of the algorithmic questions. The other instructors relied on useless, time-wasting group exercises on non-essential marketing topics (e.g. How would you deal with a PR issue on Twitter?) to occupy 2 hours of class time. Moreover, the course syllabus fails to mention that in order for you to derive as much hands-on experience as you can from what little exposure there is to Google Analytics, you need to have your own working website (and sizable audience) in order to use Google Analytics for training. Otherwise, it's just either observing or using Google's store data for demo experience. For those not in the digital marketing field already, this is a major hurdle to hands-on experience.The above problems aside, my personal biggest gripe with the teaching approach was that it's apparently GA policy to NOT SHARE lecture notes ahead of class to enable students to come prepared about a topic or with questions. In hindsight, a better and more practical option would've been taking a MOOC class, rather than believing that sinking $X amount of money would translate to meaningful structured learning. If you have the motivation, and the time, I would consider a MOOC over the General Assembly format any day.Read Less",general-assembly
"As an introduction I must say I did not enjoy my General Assembly experience, so this post may be biased.However I’ll do my best to stay as objective as possible, as in the end I still believe I got from the course 75% of what I was looking for.I was... Read More moderately satisfied as a learner, but very dissatisfied as a customer. To me the value for money was not there, as when you invest 10kGBP in a course you expect excellence.But the worst part was definitely the way GA handled those with complaints. Either you shut up or you are told off, that was the sad truth we experienced.The setting-	Data Science Immersive (DSI) in London, 1st iteration starting 10th October 2016. General Assembly ran other DSI before, but in the US or AsiaPac, never in Europe.- Cost 10,000 GBP-	12 weeks course + 1 week dedicated to preparation to job search (so-called “outcomes”)-	23 students at the beginning, 17 after 10 weeks (2 left after week 4, another 2 after week 8, another 2 after week 10)-	2 teachers and 1 assistant teacher for the whole courseAbout myself-	Software engineer by education-	15 years experience in the industry (but little as an actual programmer)-	Did online Coursera “data science specialization” prior to joining the course to ensure I liked the area-	Resigned from my job to attend the trainingWhat was good-	Student required pre-work: lots of pre-read and programming exercises to do before joining the course in an attempt to bring everyone at the same level-	Curriculum: wide variety of topics covered, choice of one main programming language (Python)-	Learn with practice: daily homework (during the first 8 weeks), weekly project for the first 7 weeks followed up by capstone project, occasionally pair or small groups projects-	Outcome program: help to refresh CV, improve online presence, sharpen negotiation skills, eventually will work hard to get you a job. GA has a target of getting 95% of their students a job in the area they studied, and they will do their best to meet it (that’s assuming students comply to all requirements, i.e. most homework/projects completed, 2 or less days absent from the course, strictly follow the job search guidelines, otherwise students may be excluded from the outcome programme)-	Nice office on the edge of the London CityWhat needs improvement-	They miss “science” in data science. GA is very good at teaching Web Design and User Experience Design, it is their core business. Unfortunately they handle data science similarly to these two areas, which means they think you become a data scientist mostly by coding in python and learning associated data science libraries. The whole scientific/rigorous side of data science is overlooked, statistics are barely covered-	Teachers had too little teaching experience. Data scientists are in high demand, that’s a well-known fact. When I registered for the course, I was given two instructor names, it turned out none of them actually taught us. One of the instructors was actually recruited less than two weeks before the course. With such complex topics as machine learning and little time to prepare, the result was obviously not great. To be fair one instructor worked hard to improve during the course. Still sometimes I felt with my Coursera background, I knew more than they did, and really it didn’t feel like value for money-	Admittedly, they bring people from all horizons and backgrounds in the class in order to increase revenues. The selection process is light and conducted by non-technical people, so pretty much anyone with very little coding experience can get in. Can you really become a data scientist in 3 months starting from nearly scratch, keeping in mind it will require you to learn coding, statistics, machine learning and much more? I doubt it.-	Customer support. The class was overall frustrated with the level of teaching/rigorousness of the course. This was highlighted through surveys organized by GA, but GA didn’t seem to take the feedback into account. After the group complained more, we had individual interviews with GA course producer Still not improvement. Then we wrote an open letter to GA administration signed by 95% of the class, which led to another round of individual interviews (during which the staff was not always nice with the students). Only then GA started giving signs of taking our feedbacks into account. By then 8 weeks had passed (i.e. two third of the bootcamp), and it took a lot of nerves to reach the result. To me it sounded like GA refused to admit that the course had flaws, and kept claiming this was “their way” of doing things, closing the opportunity to improve the situation. Even more than the course quality, the customer service really disappointed me and spoilt the overall experienceAs a summary, it’s rather for you if:-	You are not self-disciplined to learn through an online course that will cost you 1/20 of the price-	You desperately want a data job, but not necessarily a data scientist job (that is you are ok with an internship, or a data analyst role etc as this is likely was you will get), and are ready to invest 10000GBP for that-	You have some coding experience and are ready to work very hard for 12 weeks straight: people who got most from the course had already coding experience, and little or no exposure to machine learningIt’s rather not for you if:-	You have very limited coding knowledge, or have family commitments preventing you from working a lot, including on weekends : there is a high risk you will give up as the difficulty will be too high-	You have some prior knowledge of machine learning or other data science related topics that you want to strengthen: you run the risk of being disappointed by the shallow level of what is being taught-	You expect both excellent courses and customer service for the price of 10 000 GBPMy advice to GA:-	Don’t brand the course as “Data Science Immersive”: it’s actually an introduction to data science tools, but not an actual data science course-	Require deeper prior coding knowledge from participants -	Review in depth the feedback collection and handling processes-	Be thankful to students providing constructive feedbacks and not defensiveRead Less",general-assembly
"I highly recommend UXD course I took in General Assembly. The school is very professional so staying there was a really nice experience.From the e-mail contact with TJ, providing information, organization and experienced team of instructors and mentors... Read More to the end of the course I was impressed how they were prepared. I met passionated people there. The school is open until 10 pm, which I found very helpful. I could stay there everyday and finish my projects. They have a huge lounge room where many of the students can chill, do their homework and chat. You can eat there your lunch, drink coffee etc. I also have to say that the course is very intensive, but I felt very comfortable at the same time. The advice, additional materials, videos etc. - everything was exactly on time :) I am going to take next course in GA, because it will save my time and shorten preparation. After this course you will have at least one completed presentation of your ux design process which you can add directly to your portfolio. They also can help you with resume and staff.These people are very passionate about what they do and I would recommend their courses to anyone who is looking for new skills from people who are really supportive. This course triggered to open my mind, see perspectives and aims.Read Less",general-assembly
I enrolled in the UX Design bootcamp last fall 2016. THis was a very intensive course . Alexis Finch is a gifted educator and talented UX designer. I was very satisfied with the course and have learned so much in such a small amount of time. Alexis was... Read More well prepared and had answers to my questions before i could ask. Both TAs were great and very informative and helpful. I would recommend this course if you want to get a start in UX.Read Less,general-assembly
"I decided on a career change in my early 30s when I was unhappy with my career in the medical field. I had done some simple HTML and CSS in the past, and so I decided to take General Assembly's part-time Front-End Web Development night class while I was... Read More working full time. Though it was a difficult schedule, I am glad I decided to ease myself into learning the basics of Javascript, HTML and CSS at the time. I decided to quit my job a month later and begin the Web Development Immersive course, a full-time intensive bootcamp that lasts about three months. I took out a private loan and several credit cards in order to finance my studies and life for that period of time. There's a reason they call it a ""bootcamp"" - it is very difficult, time-consuming, and fast-paced! I was prepared for all of these things, and I found General Assembly's community really helpful if I encountered any difficulties along the way. Fellow students were open, kind and encouraging. Teachers were AMAZING - incredibly knowledgeable, supportive and genuinely nice people. The curriculum was well-formed and organized, and I was lucky to have the same organized, knowledgeable and helpful course producer (Mercedes) from my part-time Front-End course. I felt that the outcomes (how to get a job after the course) was well organized and catered to most of the students who didn't have any experience with things like writing a technical resume and making yourself look like an excellent candidate on LinkedIn.You will get out what you put in. I studied 7 days a week and used many outside resources (both online and buying books on JavaScript) to help me get the in-depth knowledge I knew I'd need to show that I was competent enough to be an entry-level software developer. After graduating, I realized what benefited me most by taking the course was the group projects. When learning programming on your own, it's rare to be able to work on a team on GitHub or to use git to the extent you do in the real world. GA's procedure of making everyone learn how to work together on a development project introduced me to how I'd be working and interacting with future coworkers. It took me approximately 75 days after graduating to get my first contract, and I got my second contract a week after that! I landed at that second job and I've been working there for three months now and I absolutely love it. The job hunt: It is stressful, it's hard. The days and weeks after graduation are even more difficult and grueling than the actual bootcamp. I applied for literally hundreds of jobs, contacted so many hiring managers and lead software developers on LinkedIn and other places, and I received so many rejections - too many to count! But, I stuck with GA's Outcomes planning and documented everything I did and took advantage of all of the after-graduation meet-ups, talks, etc, to ensure I was networking to the fullest extent. In addition, I was always on a new project. I refactored my first GA project, and then moved on to teach myself new JavaScript frameworks on my own.For me, it was a sacrifice of time and finances, but I feel I used the resources GA made available to every student to the greatest extent I possibly could and that made all the difference and my life is entirely different and 100% better than it was just a year ago!Read Less",general-assembly
"I've taken a number of classes with General Assembly ranging from online workshops to on-campus longer term courses. The professors work in the industry and therefore provide information, real-life experience, and applicable advice daily. Everyone is... Read More passionate about the work they're doing and excited to teach students everything they've learned and know. They make themselves very available for extra help and questions. The courses and content-layout are easy to follow, and are constantly improving based on student feedback that is being collected and acted upon. I definitely recommend on-campus courses due to the networking that's available and the energy of the space. Online courses, however, have been thoughtfully crafted to create a great experience for students who can't attend on-campus classes.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended the Web Development Immersive program through General Assembly Seattle January - April 2016. One of the two instructors checked out mentally about 1 month after the start of the course while the other instructor was extremely invested both... Read More personally and professionally with the course. This led to the first half of every day feeling a bit of a waste just reading out of the curated textbook instead of actual development and interaction. Many of us would like half of our $13000 back just for that. In addition, many commitments by admissions and the company as a whole promoted 99% job placement within 3 months and that changed to 95% within 6 months while we were in the program. Very shady business practices. Only about 5 out of the 14 people in our course have received job offers and it is now September. Most companies have stated that people coming out of General Assembly don't receive near enough actual development experience to work in the real world. Are the skills we learned valuable? Without a doubt. But, that's not good enough to find work in the highly competitive Seattle market currently. If I were to do it again, I would have gone to a 6-month or 12-month program to have better invested my money and time.Read Less",general-assembly
"I learned a lot in the ten weeks I took this class. It was intense coming from a non-technical background and I had to find my own resources outside of class to understand what they were teaching in class. The instructors also would provide extra office... Read More hours to help us.The cons were we had no textbook or list of resources to help us along. They also didn't help in any form with resume building or job placement. The class did not help me get a job in web development, but it was a good learning experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the front end web developer course at General Assembly's Chicago office. It was 2 nights a week plus a lot of outside work but definitely worth it. In my opinion, you got out of the class what you put in. If you wanted to put a lot of extra work... Read More in, you would definitely learn a lot more. I feel empowered to try new things and I can confidently say that I know HTML, CSS and a little bit of Javascript. It's not directly related to the work I do, but I work at a software company and I am entry level so I feel like this skill will help me figure out where I want to go in this industry and having a background in coding is a great thing to have.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended a number of workshops and then the eleven week Data Science part-time program. Form the overall course of study and all of the workshops I attended, I was inspired to create and entirely new company that more closely aligned with my passions... Read More and skills. I wish that I had the time to take the new Data Science Immersive that's coming up. I highly recommend GA, especially the Los Angeles team. The classes I attended were mostly at the Santa Monica campus but I have attended a few at the DTLA campus. I've never had my time wasted. I do have a math and science education but it has been some time since I graduated. The material covered in DS was a great refresher for statistics and taught me programming in Python.Be sure to carefully read the workshops/courses you take and be prepared to learn and ask questions. Take notes, do the exercises, and experiment with what you've learned to get the most out of the experience.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have to admit, this program was hard for me. I have a non technical background and there were times in the course I doubted it would work the way it said. In fact I got to a point where I was pretty sour on the entire thing, and there were a few weeks... Read More where I really threw a fit. I graduated two days ago, and I have to take back every bad thing I said. I was getting recruiter calls before my final project even started, and before I filled out a single application. Today was the first day I really started my job search in earnest, and GA has juice. I have gotten callbacks within hours of applying for anything, and matter of fact have an interview set for tomorrow. From an application I did halfway through today.My story isn't over, since I've just begun jobhunting I'll obviously update this when I get a job. But the response from companies has given me a lot of faith. Here is what I will say in the way of specifics.1. This is a really hard program; this is a really hard thing to learn.Sometimes in this course I was miserable. I was trying really hard to understand, but I couldn't. There was a little while where I would get very frustrated and start to fault the program in my freak-out moments. But the struggling phase is probably just inevitable when you are trying to learn something really hard, fast. I have come to see that there is a method to the madness.Some of my class actually didn't make it through, and if there is any definite difference I can say about who survived and who didn't, it has to be optimism. You have to know that even if you aren't technical, even if you feel like doing this is taking a big risk, you have to see it through. You have to discipline your dissapointments and frustrations and once out the other side, willl see the big picture.2. The workload is EXTREMELY INTENSE, and you need to prepare yourself.Cook a bunch of meals and freeze them ahead of time. Knock out any trips to the DMV or doctor you have on the horizon, you will absolutely not have time for it while in this course. If you have pets, honest to god make a plan to exercise and care for them. The schedule is that intense, and I am not exaggerating. If you have a spouse, tell them you are having an affair with your laptop for the next few months. Not even kidding. If you have any trips planned, cancel them. Do not make the ridiculous mistake of trying to move during this course, which is what I did and made me fall behind for a while. Also, do as much codeacademy as you can beforehand. You will be glad you did later. 3. Mix trusting the program with your own gut and learning style.My course was the first remote course, and there were things that worked and didn't. For instance, I found hand written note taking (what I usually do) was a mistake. You can't keep up with someone typing 60 wpm by trying to take hand written notes. Take screenshots, and code along with the instructors as much as possible.CONCLUSION?You know who you guys are, but the instructors that led my course (the first remote program) were Colin, Matt B, Matt H, Marc C, Kristyn, Thom, Adi, and Meghan. (Shoutout so any corporate back patting does not risk missing you as it's target. It was well, WELL earned.) I was a tremendous pain to these people sometimes. I expected them to answer to me about how the course was running in a way that was probably obnoxious. They bent over backwards to help me. They were incredibly accessible. And adaptive. And as something of a dark horse within my class they put in as much effort if not more with me than with the super genius kids that were breezing through.I don't think I have felt like an instructor, or all the instructors in fact, were this personally invested in me since elementary school. These guys were so on top of it. They knew before I did what languages might be easier for me to learn. They pay very, very close attention. They also are patient with that jerk set on cracking bad jokes and being the class clown. (Spoiler alert, that was also me.) I try to stick to the principle of being honest about both problems and solutions. There were plenty of times in this course where I was raising an alarm and freaking out. It is only fair now that I am through that I give appropriate credit. These guys are life changers. Even if you have doubts about this type of course, as once a huge cynic, I gotta say these guys are monumentally good at what they do. And the program they run meets if not exceeds the results that it advertises.Read Less",general-assembly
"I came to GA with no programming background and I'm 47 y.o. I started the 10 week course with one instructor. I lasted two classes (of 20) before dropping. The instructor was nice, but he had never taught before and it showed. No preparation -- just winging... Read More the lectures. He knew the concepts but could not communicate them. No go.I re-enrolled in the next 10 week course and it was awesome. Sarah Holden is the star in SF. In every class she had 30 to 80 slides, a cheat sheet, little exercises, and lots of support. Her lectures are superb -- night v day from the other class. If you take the part time front end web design class in SF, take Sarah's class or don't enroll -- that's my advice.Read Less",general-assembly
"Product Managment Certification (Part-Time)I would recommend this part-time course to anyone interested in product management and is NOT YET a product person or within their first three years.I found the program solid and helpful. I’ve been in product... Read More management for about seven years now. This program is much for new professionals or those seeking to enter the profession. However, I went in with the objective of defragmenting my knowledge from years of various PM roles is very different kinds of companies and products. The program did its job, I was able to: * Defragment my experience into core best practices.* Understand what kind of product manager I am vs. what kind of product manager I want to be.* Have confidence in customer centricity and testing assumptions and hypotheses with scientific method. (…and fighting for that in the organizations I work for where needed.)Where this program did not serve me as a senior level product manager: (But I didn’t expect it to…)* We didn’t spend much time on * Product Strategy and strategic thinking* Steering a product with metric data or refining KPIs and metrics as a result.* Product finance * Pricing * Profit and lossRead Less",general-assembly
"The User Experience Design Immersive Program was intensive and covered most of the common practices in the industry, it was more than good to prepare students for the real world experience. I would not say that the modules were completely thorough or... Read More in depth but you could not ask for more from a 10 week program. You have to do a lot of studying at your own time. Having said that, you will not believe what you accomplish in that short span. I enjoyed every bit of it. I enjoyed the pace, I loved the intensity of the course, the speed the programs were planned through the weeks, the culture they have created throughout the campus that made me feel so comfortable with everyone. We learned various techniques, we explored useful resources, we learnt to use multiple softwares, tools and applications. Our instructors were very supportive throughout the program and they guided us every step of the way. Moreover, the experience of being at General Assembly Seattle was amazing. From the moment you walk in that front door; the frontliners, the course producers, the instructors, career coaches and all the other students just make you feel as if you've been running the same race and there is no end to it. Perseverance, Determination, Confidence &amp; Commitment are the tools that will get you through this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"So happy with the GA User Experience Design Immersive program in Seattle. The staff and instructors are fantastic people to work with. They have a lot of expertise to offer. The course is a major full time learning commitment but through the hands on... Read More projects and close advising of the instructors I feel I've gained more UX experience in 10 weeks than I thought would be possible. Also working with a great group of committed students helped me make some invaluable connections. Give it your all, you'll be thrilled by what you've learned, what you can do, and what is possible at the end of the 10 weeks in this program.Read Less",general-assembly
"The Web Development Immersive class at General Assembly was a life-changer for me—this despite the fact that I'm already well down life's road. ; - ) Actually, it's no doubt because I'm beyond the average student age that I was able to take it all so... Read More seriously, and take so much from it. Granted, I did somewhat cherry-pick my favorite parts of coding—i.e., JavaScript, HTML, and CSS—but doing so was all to the good. Having a wide expanse of offerings during the three-month WDI class afforded me the opportunity to see where my interests and background were best suited, so that my nascent skills could grow in the right garden.The GA campus itself is wonderfully conducive to learning; and the administrators are knowledgable, hardworking, and delightfully friendly. (BTW, I don’t have any stars for Job Assistance yet because I have yet to take advantage of this service.)Read Less",general-assembly
"Part time Front End Web Development course in NYC was a waste of $3,500. Yes, I have access to two instructors, but they are not good at teaching. Luckily, I understood HTML and CSS upon arrival. Javascript was completely new to me. With my LinkedIn subscription,... Read More I receive a free membership to Lynda.com and as I should have probably expected, the instructors on that site are FAR better and it only costs me $30 a month. I am a former educator and a user experience designer. This course needs a massive overhaul where experience is concerned. I'm kicking myself. Online forums could have given me what I needed as far as input from more experienced developers. I am really, really disappointed in this course.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have some professional certifications, and I did a lot of research before choosing this course. I thought about how I could try to most closely replicate the experience of being a web developer, and a three and a half month course seemed like the clear... Read More answer.Maybe it is the answer, but doing it with GA is not. My class was a complete mess. There were a ton of what I would simply call 'configuration errors' -- a mistake in the lesson plan that would mess up half the class, instructors not knowing how to explain something well because they are only 24 or 25, and confusing instructions that sent half the class on a total wild goose chase. Our class size was proportionally pretty small, it was like 1 teacher for every three students, in theory. But in effect only really one teacher is on the clock at any given time, and because the lesson plans are so bad that one person can rarely get the entire class through a lesson in a way that gets the content actually understood.I don't think it is a coincidence that the four or so people who are going through with flying colors have either a computer science degree, or (I mean this literally) a spouse that is currently a web developer. Hey, I don't begrudge those people at all -- If I shared a roof with someone who was a web dev I would absolutely be bouncing ideas off them! But what is more telling is the fact that the portion of the students without a cs degree or resource at home to help us, we're just failing. Our projects, which are supposed to be making our 'portfolio,' are a total mess. Not anything that would be presentable to another human being. And already a third of the class has failed out. Some of us were raising the alarm the 6th day of this course -- the first day of week 2 -- and basically got ignored. I know I specifically asked if I could withdraw and move to the next class, to do more research &amp; practice, since it was obvious to me I could use more prep. I was told they 'don't do that,' and now nine weeks and 13,500 dollars into this I am still struggling, and the instructors are indifferent. We who don't get the material have been raising the alarm every chance we get, and are treated like we are overreacting or being silly. Well, that starts to feel sort of personal when thirteen hundred dollars poorer you don't feel like you are getting a quality understanding of web development, which is what we paid for. In my case, what I left my very solid and wonderful job for. It was a big risk, and i thought if I tried hard enough and put in the right amount of work this course would at least meet me halfway and give me an understanding of web development. In reality, it has just been three months of stress with no tangible outcome.I try to be pretty positive, and I still hope I can make something productive out of this experience. But I'm really righting this to warn anyone else to look at a different program and company than GA. I just can't imagine that similar programs everywhere could possibly be this flawed. It is really an embarrassment, or would be, but GA is a for profit institution so who knows whether they are just laughing their way to the bank. I also really, really fault this program for marketing itself as something suitable for 100% career changers. Myself and at least one other classmate are actually in hi-tech jobs, (or were up until this course) and are still having a really hard time. So when they say this is suitable for 'anyone,' that is definitely just a move to get your money, and wager on the fact that some people will fade out quietly.(Which has happened to some of my classmates, so I guess they are right on that count.) Please consider any other program. Please ask about the statistics for people finishing the course vs 'auditing' it, and don't get distracted by job placement numbers. Half my class came close to failing, and a third already has. So if the job placement numbers are only measured by who is left, then that is pretty misleading. Do your research in regard to the instructors -- a lot are very, very inexperienced. Think about the logic: software developers make good money. Why would someone abandon that unless they didn't really cut it in that world? I know some of my instructors are twenty somethings with multiple roommates, when ostensibly they could have stayed as web developers and maintained their own individual home. I really have to question who makes that choice unless you aren't necessarily the sharpest tool in the shed as it pertains to web dev, which would also explain a whole helluva lot about the poor quality of the education I've seemed to get from some of them.I think this can be done, and I think this type of program should probably be the answer for people trying to change their career. But I think GA is a mismanaged program and doesn't do what it claims to, at all. Please look at other programs and please read the fine print, for your own sake.Read Less",general-assembly
"I am deeply disturbed by this program and its lack of professionalism, and it makes me really sad since I had great expectations.The curriculum is poorly managed and developed. A lot of it is borrowed from, or exactly the same as, free online resources... Read More like code school and codeacademy. Yet for this program, you pay 13,500.The grading and supervision is wildly over the map. I've gotten perfect marks on assignments where multiple other students hit the criteria better than me, just because of the luck of the draw on the instructor you get.In my class, 1/4 of the near 15 students failed out after the second unit. Another half of the class was 'held back' because the instruction was so spotty, and missed out on an entire unit that we paid to be taught. The assignments that you do on your own are very misleading. A lot of this work needs to be structured into your weekend, which is fine -- however frequently assignments will say that it is expected to take four hours when reality it is more like 12. It causes a lot of confusion and makes it impossible to plan your schedule. The outcomes, or career support, is nonsensical. Anyone with half a brain will know most of the content anyway, as it pertains to developing a resume and your professional brand. The projects, which are supposed to be building your portfolio, are often really just excuses for the professors to regroup or plan lessons. You get no support while you are trying to do these projects, and for that reason usually half the class's projects are unfit to use on any portfolio worth a recruiter's time.The lesson plans in particular, are atrocious. Often half the class is eaten up by troubleshooting because the lessons haven't been updated for the latest version of a given technology, or because half the professors are on an older version of that technology. One half of our class was taught a language that is eminently expiring, so they will have to relearn that entire unit. Just poor, poor planning. When you bring concerns to the staff, they have a very typical bubbly young startup reaction, which is to try to compliment you and be jocular to get you to buy in to the premise again. In reality this is just a terribly, terribly run program, and a terribly, terribly poor product.I wish I would have done more research, or gone with any other school. They are all roughly the same insofar as pricing, and I can only imagine they would be a vast improvement. Steer clear.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: the skills and technologies discussed in this class are definitely relevant to the current job market, teachers were approachable and supportive, outcomes was also supportive and helped the career changes happen smoothly. Cons: sometimes the pace... Read More of the course was tough even for the instructors to keep up with, also some aspects of the class could at times be disorganized, Overall: the experience was a positive oneRead Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly sounded like a dream... 12 weeks to a complete career change. They touted the numbers in my info session: 90% of students find full-time jobs in tech within 3 months of finishing the program, and 99% found jobs within 6 months. I'm not... Read More sure where they get these numbers from, because they are not accurate. They need to be more realistic: it is a full-time job after the program to get a full-time job. You need to work hard to get a job, it's not going to be a walk in the park like they make it seem. I haven't had an in-person interview yet, and it's been 4 months since my graduation date. I've registered with just about every recruiting agency in the city and haven't gotten a contract job, either. I've been working my ass off, too. Not sure if it's because Seattle is now inundated with bootcamp grads or if Seattle companies can be pickier about who they choose since everyone wants a job in tech here and companies are not as willing to hire juniors. Word to the wise: be prepared for this and have money saved up. At least a year's worth of living expenses, to be safe.On the other hand, the program was challenging (this is a good thing!) but fun. You have to love to learn and be very motivated. The people I met in class are awesome. There are a few that have become good friends of mine. General Assembly has a great sense of community. I'm not sure if the program properly prepared me for the outside world since I am still searching for a job, but I feel like it has. GA taught me how to ramp up quickly and create programs with tech that I'd spent as little as 3 days (or less!) learning. Those projects are what you have to show to future employers, and they're the basis of your knowledge in class. Have fun with them, and make sure to keep coding!Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:-Lots of hands on learning with actual ""real world"" projects - I've tried other online coding courses, where the exercises are just repeating back what you just learned and not actually helpful to learn the information, GA does a great job of providing... Read More lots of projects that are relevant and help you actually learn what you're doing.-Guidance - It was super helpful having the teacher and assistants help explain concepts I wasn't understanding or troubleshooting etc. -Community - there was a wide range of diversity in my class and it was great getting to learn alongside othersCons:-Not a big focus on Javascript - spent most of the time on HTML/CSS and then breezed through JS-Varying skill levels - this was the hardest part, there were some people who had some familiarity or picked things up quickly and others who were still not understanding basic HTML concepts toward the end. It was frustrating on both ends of the spectrum - if you grasped things quickly, you wanted a faster pace and if you didn't grasp things quickly, you wanted a slower pace. Accommodating for a wide variety made it difficult for everyone to feel challenged and like they were growing. I wish they offered a way to ""test in/out"" of certain levels within the class. I would have loved to spend more time on Javascript as I grasped HTML/CSS easily, but struggled with JavascriptRead Less",general-assembly
"At General Assembly we learned full-stack web development. The teachers were very nurturing and cared a great deal about student learning and engagement. Although the curriculum was jam packed, my peers and I left with a great set of skills that go beyond... Read More the classroom.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took one of the earliest WDI courses in NYC back in 2013 at GA (WDI 7).It was extremely challenging and not just mentally and physically but emotionally. I was humbled daily and felt confused, tired, and probably put in 18 hr days even on weekends.... Read More It was completely worth it. I got exactly what I put in. I learned all the fundamentals of web development from scratch, front end,/backend, html, css, ajax, RESTful api, NoSQL, postgresql, ruby, rails, JS, jQuery, etc. What I really learned was how to teach myself anything on my own. That was the most valuable lesson as technology will always change. As such, I got a job as a junior developer at a small start up in Brooklyn on an entire tech stack I had never once read or written code in. A year later I ended up getting promoted to run the entire engineering team and we scaled out rather successfully, tripling our daily revenue and hitting +100k daily active users. I owe so much to the program, but more importantly, my instructors. They were amazing individuals who truly cared about my success in the course and in my life.Read Less",general-assembly
"So I'll start off by saying that, yes, General Assembly did help me get a job, start a UX portfolio, and learn the basics of user experience design, but my fault with GA lies in the nature of the institution itself. General Assembly is first and foremost... Read More a for profit eduction and because of that, I didn't feel like they truly cared if me or my classmates were doing well or suited to the course and were simply interested in taking our money. There's no selection process for getting into this course even though they make you think there is. They will literally accept anyone and because of that, there are people in the course who have no place being there (i.e. took the course on a whim, web development seemed too hard, don't even know what UX but design seemed fun, etc). The class culture is not competitive and you will not be challenged or learn much from your fellow classmates who have no design experience. If you have a prior background in design, like I did, I think you will do well with their course and curriculum, but if you are new to the industry and design thinking, processes, and technologies as a whole, I suggest gaining more practice on your own before shelling out a ton of money on this course. I find that a lot of my classmates who came into the program from vastly different disciplines from design struggled the most in and out of the course. Contrary to what they say you can not become a UX designer in 10 weeks. It takes much more practice than that and I recommend doing so before rather then after.Read Less",general-assembly
"I attended GA after a 6 year stint in the service industry. Before that, I had attended RISD and graduated with a BFA in Sculpture and Furniture. I mention this because I believe RISD gave me a great foundation in Design Thinking. GA gave me a set of... Read More new hard skills to apply to the industry. GA gives you the tools and resources, but it is up to you in how you use them. I knew going into it that I would work day and night so that I could graduate with job perspectives in hand, and that is what happened. But, like I said, I was grinding day and night. During the day in class, not wasting a minute of studio time, and at night, meeting up with designers, attending networking events and really gettin out there, these were my keys to success. The teachers were great, and the overall expereience was fun. I would try to work outside of the box as much as possible as many of these projects are given out on a national level, and it takes a little bit more work to set you apart.Read Less",general-assembly
"General Assembly was one of the most challenging and enjoyable times in my life. I had already completed a 4 year degree, but did not like where I was going career wise. I made this change, and to me I believe I learned more in 3 months than I did in... Read More 4 years!. I took the Web Development Immersive Course which is 3 months (12 weeks 9-530). I highly recommend this course for anyone that wants to get in the tech industry and is also passionate and interested about programming/developing. Coming in the class you do not need to know a whole lot about programming, they do provide you with some pre-work which gets your feet wet.Pros:- Great teachers that really care about your progress- 4 days of the 5 every week they have office hours for anyone that is having trouble learning the lessons or anything- They provide a lot of examples in class, and cater to your learning style. If it's not working for you just ask, and they'll help you out.- They have a lot of resources that you can use, such as providing you programs, and apps that you otherwise wouldn't have used.- They have an always growing alumni community, not just in one city but globally.- They do their best after the class to get you networked and provide you resources to land a job, or do whatever your goal is.- Compared to other code camps, this is towards the bottom spectrum when it comes to tuition.- The location it's at is amazing! WeWork is where General Assembly is in Austin, and they provide great amenities such as free coffee, beer, and a lot of times food!- it is also right in the middle of downtown, and the tech scene is huge and growing.Cons:- I took the third cohort, and they hadn't completely solidified a curriculum, I think every cohort however gets them closer to a concrete curriculum.- Depending how you look at it, they do not place you in a job afterwards (at least not now), they do however want you to reach your goal in your best interest.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: definitely an intensive/immersive program for someone who's changing career paths into a technical field. Friendly and helpful staff &amp; TA's, good mix of students.Cons: The hella fast pace is also a drawback because it doesn't give you enough time... Read More to fully consolidate your knowledge before being dumped into the next thing. Additionally, not sufficient explanation of some concepts nor detailed reviews of our work, so some of us (myself included) were left attempting to tread water.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros - good education, opportunity to networkCons - hard to find a job after because the program doesn't have a great reputation in Austin.",general-assembly
"A career change at age 28 is not unheard of, but it was a little scary. I quit my job and moved to DC putting full trust in General Assembly....and it was the best decision I've ever made in my life. The 3 month Immersive course was tough. I came in with... Read More very little experience, and left as a Full Stack Web Developer. Not only did I learn code, but I made amazing relationships with the students in the cohort. The teachers were so incredibly knowledgeable and even more understanding of the challenges we were facing.I love General Assembly and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in taking their career to the next level.Read Less",general-assembly
"**Pros:** * Great attitude: teaches you to embrace the methods of learning, not just the content * Good class size: small enough to give each student time (roughly 5-6:1 ratio students to teacher ) * Responsive to Market: General Assembly's strategy to... Read More teaching new material is to change the curriculum based on feedback, so you can have new information put into the course immediately.**Cons:** * Changing Curriculum: because the curricululm is constantly changing, the syllabus may change right before you start the course and not focus on things you'd been sold on learning. * Varying Staff Skill: We had one instructor that was an absolute flop, and many of the instructors seem to have no teaching background whatsoever, and undergo little to no training before teaching (one was hired literally a week before we started). We also had an instructor leave us half-way through the course to teach a different cohort. Seems like a problem with their hiring process. * Post-grad experience: After the single career fair, I had very little contact with the ""outcomes producer"" which was incredibly dissatisfying. The support seemed to dry up, and luckily I had formed some tight bonds with my teammates and we managed to help each other through the painstaking process of looking for work.Overall I'd say this was an amazing experience for me. You have to be able to practice your willingness to embrace chaos in this, as no one experience will be the same from cohort to cohort. The part-time courses are likely not very useful (from what I've experienced). I really enjoyed the program, but mostly because of those with whom I studied, and we are still a very active community afterwards. GA taught me some of the skills I learned, but it pales in comparison to what you'll learn on the job if you can get in the door. The institution itself needs to focus down, stop teaching Ruby/Rails and start working on instilling some really core knowledge (depth over breadth) if they're going to be successful in the future with their 90% placement within 90 days placement boast.Advice to applicants: * Apply for tuition assistance if you can * Don't count on the pre-course syllabus * Pre-work is really important * Stick with it and you can have a great outcome, just don't depend too much on GA after the course is over.Read Less",general-assembly
"I went to GA and took the Web Development Immersive course because I was ready to change my career. I wasn't just signing up for classes online in the evening; I was ready to fully take my future into my own hands and DO something about it. GA did that... Read More for me, and more.WDI is a course that is flexible based on the instructors. It is taught by real professionals in the industry who are on sabbaticals to teach which means you are getting first hand content and tips based on their experience in the field -- so much better than a professor at a school who teaches on a topic, but has actually never held a job in it. The course can change based on the market you're taking it in and what interests the class holds. It really became a personalized course because of how much the instructors cared about our experience as students. They wanted to see us succeed and be passionate about our work. They were there to teach us, provide feedback, and encourage us throughout the 12 week course. GA is a 0-80 course. You don't need any experience in tech or development to come into this course, just the drive to learn and succeed. While I spent probably 100+ hours a week learning and practicing, it paid off for me as I landed my first job back home in about a week. GA gave me the tool belt and experience I needed to prove that I was capable of learning, and learning fast in a rapidly changing industry. On top of that, it was probably one of the best 3 months of my life. Thank you, GA!Read Less",general-assembly
"PROS:- You learn a ton!- Amazing alumni community- Career coach help during and after the course- They help you build a portfolio of projects- You make a bunch of great friendsCONS:- Pricey, but not any more than the other boot camps",general-assembly
"Coming from marketing and sales background with the tech field, I've always been interested in the industry. I didn't think it could be possible until I began my research. Based on that, Bitmaker was the only place that offered both web development and... Read More user experience curriculum so I enrolled in both. Turns out, it was a good decision that I made for two things: 1. When you enter the tech world that might seem daunting to you, Bitmaker has a solid community of people who support each other. They help you out literally. For example, you can ask alumni questions who are in the field that you couldn't solve, they will take the time out of your day to help you out whether it is a career related or the coding related. As the saying goes, if you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together. You could code alone and learn, that's true, but if you wanted to go far with the network of supporters, choose Bitmaker. 2. After the program it changed the way that I think about things. I don't only have ideas to solve problems but now I can actually do it myself. Coding empowered me to solve real life things that I always wanted to do but couldn't, possible. If you were like me who was daunted and wanted to try it out - do it. Whether it's for a career change or personal development, it has changed mine and I hope the same for yours.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm a UX designer and I had known a bit of HTML/CSS before starting, but this class gave me plenty of material to explore and insight into a development mindset, allowing me to better communicate with my developers and for me to do a bit of front end... Read More work myself. There's still plenty to be learnt but I was surprised by how much was covered in the 12 weeks and loved how practical the material was. I had a great time with Bitmaker. Mina was a fantastic instructor and the TAs were incredibly patient and were enthusiastic to answer any questions I had, even if it's sometimes beyond the scope of the class.Read Less",general-assembly
"**You want to read this!I'm in a new bootcamp, an ACTUAL bootcamp because I actually feel the pressure and in a good way. The people are encouraging and MOST importantly the technology is new and in demand.I found a lot of discouragement for new approaches,... Read More and the reasons were justified with ""oh its just bad practice and not used in the industry"" what lies. The current and certainly much more reputed bootcamp teaches the exact opposite.There's nothing special in getting into GA, trust me there isn't, no offense to my classmates but some of them didn't know what ""var"" in JavaScript meant, and they managed to get in.Towards the latter half, I constantly showed up an hour/maybe more late because i spent the equivalent time learning things that actually will make a difference to my job search (node,angular,react) - lets say i bought 18 courses on Udemy during my time at GA.I'm angered by how the course,teaching and environment is fostered compared to my present bootcamp. Turns out i'm not the only one who came to this bootcamp after GA because they didn't feel confident enough!You will get a job after GA, because the market is just that desperate. Most of the ""projects"" are you just following some tutorial and show casing it at the end hahaha! All the best getting support if you're trying to do something different!If u complete codecademy/codeschool you've pretty much done about the first 6 weeks of the course, it gets tricky once back end begins, but then again if i reflect it was ""made"" hard, it really wasn't that difficult what we did. Yes, relational DB's are difficult for anyone who looks at it the first time but, not impossible.I spent most of my time playing catchup , typing code blindly because the instructor was typing fast. So i decided to just listen after some time, and guess what - you're told what to do, not why.You learn about ""data structures"" well touch on in, in the last week, they make it seem like some super hard difficult thing. It's not, it's linked lists,hash maps are tougher. Data structures are fun, not difficult and they're SO important in becoming a great developer.You strive for greatness? don't do GA, its a waste of time, get serious and join some of the other top end bootcamps.End of it, 80% of my cohort got jobs, that doesn't mean GA was good hahaha no way, it was WEAK in it's curriculum, the market is desperate as I said. While people at GA thrive to make todo lists, which we did haha, other bootcamps warm up with todo lists.If u have experience with backend/LAMP stack and you're finding GA hard, i would suggest you re-evaluate your career choices (i'm never discouraging,not once in my life have i spoken negative about someone, but my distaste for this place grows each day i progress with my current bootcamp)Want to hear a funny thing, we had our meet and greet, i met up with a recruiter, he called me and this is what he had to say ""other than you and 1-2 others, I doubt anyone will get a job because they just don't have the skills"". Let it be said that 80% got jobs, so the recruiters prediction didn't work, but you get what I mean, MARKET wants, you learn bare minimum.TL;DR GA -&gt; 0 to 40 , you may get a job based on your market, but you won't learn anything usefulRead Less",general-assembly
"The WDI class moves quickly, so I recommend going in with at least a cursory knowledge of the bash command line, git, and GitHub. They'll be covered in the first week of class, but you'll be less likely to panic if you've at least seen them before. Just... Read More do some Googling.I also recommend Codecademy.com, which gave me a worthwhile introduction to HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and Ruby, all of which were used extensively throughout the class. Take your time and type through the lessons.My instructors were a quartet of rock stars. Super responsive, never contrived, with cupcakes and sprinkles for all ;)I suppose it helped that all our classmates were totally awesome. If you come to GA convinced that the world is ending, suspicious of the very technologies you're trying to learn, you're gonna have a bad time. But if you come to GA with an open mind and an open heart, you will find a community of real, live humans who routinely take a half-hour chunk out of their day, not even their lunch hour, to just sit around in groups and chat. I think that's righteous.Having recently completed WDI, I'm considering branching out into related fields as I begin the job search. I enjoy web design, and it'll come in handy no matter where my path goes, but my first love is learning. Possibly the greatest emphasis was placed at GA on knowing how to learn—everyone is different—and in the Cloud, we are never truly alone ;)The world is changing, and we have work to do.Peace!Read Less",general-assembly
"My time at Bitmaker was great. I took a part-time course and we covered a lot of what I would need to later use the skills in a professional environment. Those are things which I was hoping and planning to learn but you can never learn everything you'll... Read More need in such a short period of time. Bu I was shown where to continue learning and how to know what I might need. I was shown how to find and use the tools which I would eventually require. The instructors were wonderful. They were fun, helpful and knowledgeable. I felt I was learning from the best there was.Read Less",general-assembly
"I work as a Graphic and Web Designer in a small marketing company. We have to be very versatile and have many skillsets since we are a small department of a big company. My Front-End Developments skills were pretty intermediate but I was looking to become... Read More faster and work cleaner. So I recently took the Front-End Web Development night course at Bitmaker in Toronto to advance my skill sets and discover new resources to assist in my job. I had minimal expectations as my understanding of HTML/CSS was already very advanced. The first 2 weeks were a little redundant for me, but after the first 2 weeks, I was learning tricks and skills that I didn't even know existed. In 12 short weeks I went from a novice to a professional. The professors were extremely helpful, and even stayed till 11pm one night to diagnose a computer issue for me. The course is very demanding, since there is so much information to learn and cover in 12 short weeks. I spent a good chunk of time on weekends doing reading and drills to make sure my skills advanced to where I needed to be for the following week. I wouldn't recommend this course to anyone who is unwilling to do this homework/studying as you wont take anything away from the course. This course is definitely for people with serious interest in Front-End, and not just hobbyist. If I had to list a complaint, my only complaint would be that some of the students didn't take the course as serious as me. I was there for work and was trying to absorb as much information as possible. However, I found many students wouldn't do the homework, or drills/reading, and wouldnt be at the level they needed to be at for the following class. This would then slow down the class getting all the students up to speed. Not really a Bitmaker issue though. Overall, I am fully satisified with my experience. I would love to take more courses at Bitmaker.Read Less",general-assembly
"I enrolled into Bitmaker Labs as a part of the October 2014 Web Development cohort, and since then I was hired and now continue to work at Kobo as a Web Developer/Producer. Starting out, I had my concerns that my only real formal education in web development... Read More was through an after school program in beginner level HTML. I knew I wanted to learn more and so before coming to Bitmaker Labs, I spent many hours going through tutorials like CodeSchool, Lynda, and even Youtube. However, I often found the learning experience to be completely one-sided. Bitmaker Labs is a platform for learning that pushes you to challenge yourself in being better prepared for the tech industry. Of course, the lessons with the instructors are awesome but I felt like one of the most invaluable resources was the shared knowledge between classmates and instructors on how to better prepare yourself as a junior developer. The program creates a space for you to not only improve your skills and knowledge in building web applications but the right habits and mentality to accelerate your development. In a nutshell, Bitmaker Labs is stepping stone to launching new ideas, expanding your network in the developer community and preparing you with the tools necessary to succeed as a developer. If you ask me whether you should attend Bitmaker Labs, my response would be to simply ask you whether the thought inspires you of being able to create new ideas from paper to full-fledge applications? Are you willing to be engaged and participate with your classmates? And lastly, are you willing to put in the time and effort to learn as much as you can? If so, I would absolutely recommend Bitmaker Labs. There’s no doubt that there is a lot of work and a lot to be learned. However, if you come into Bitmaker Labs with the right mentality to be involved and excited to learn, the opportunities and possibilities for you as a developer are immense and it’s up to you how you want to plan your next step.Read Less",general-assembly
"Bitmaker Labs promotes preparing you to step into a new role as a web developer seamlessly in just nine weeks. Can you really learn to be a developer in just nine weeks? I quickly learned by the end of week two that this highly depends on what you’re... Read More willing to put into the program. The intent isn’t to teach you everything there is to learn about programming, it’s to equip you with the right amount of both technical and problem solving skills to take your own learning further. Learning how to learn is just as valuable as a technical skill, especially in an industry or environment where things are changing so quickly. I took the January 2015 cohort and found a full time job as a Jr. Full Stack Developer within a week of finishing the program, where I still work today. At work I'm building web apps with Django and Python, though I knew nothing of either prior to starting. My education at Bitmaker allowed me to transfer my skills to be able to pick up this language and framework quickly. I believe this is a testament to what Bitmaker teaches beyond technical skills. I had a great experience at Bitmaker and value the non-traditional education route they take. I thought the curriculum was well structured and moved at a good pace. Extra assignments were available to students who were looking for the added challenge. The instructors and TA's were extremely helpful and stayed quite late to help students, especially during the final two weeks. The students that seem to do well are those who are prepared to work hard, work collaboratively and stay inquisitive.Read Less",general-assembly
"I recently completed the 9-week web development course at Bitmaker. After doing a lot of research, I choose Bitmaker because I wanted to learn both front and back end skills, and I they offer the opportunity to accelerate the learning process. At first... Read More I was a little skeptical about the schedule because when you have four hours every afternoon, it is easy to get distracted and be unproductive, however, as long as you are willing to remain focused and dedicated, and put the time into the program, this was the best part of the day. It was during this time I was able to work on the assignments and figure out what concepts I understood and where I was struggling. I quickly learned that the true value in the course is the instructors and TA's. They all have a wealth of knowledge and experience in the industry. More importantly, they were great at spending time with each student to answer any questions we had. What I really appreciated was that the TA’s would help walk us through each problem and solve the problems ourselves rather than giving us the answers right away. Prior to enrolling in the course I had no coding skills and was struggling to learn independently, but after completing the bootcamp I have successfully build a web app and I am now able to pick up new skills and have a much easier time learning new languages.Read Less",general-assembly
"A graduate of Bitmaker Labs fourth cohort, I joined the program to follow my passion for web development. I chose Bitmaker because I felt it had the most comprehensive exposure to help build a solid foundation for entering the web development world. This... Read More included: - Teaching both front- and backend web development in tandem, focusing on Ruby on Rails, an excellent framework for building a career (and apps!) off of. I felt that other programs in Toronto didn't have as comprehensive a career and instead focused on front-end development. - A flipped classroom which focused on instructor interactions, of whom there were many. Very approachable and always willing to go the distance to ensure concepts were understood for students. My personal favourite was when students didn't fully understand how the internet worked (for ajax calls), so we had an impromptu lecture on the internet. Lots of lightbulbs went off after that. - Building a 'community' both within the classroom and outside in the Toronto tech community. Internally, students learned and improved their skills together and got comfortable with pair programming, which is how this industry functions. Externally, we were able to network and get excited for our future. The most important thing prospectives need to realize about coding bootcamps is that you don't become an expert taking these short programs. If you want to become an expert, go back to school for a proper degree. What this program teaches is a solid foundation for learning web development on your own after you leave the program, and (hopefully) through your new career. Bitmaker does this really well, and for that I'm thankful I was a part of it.Read Less",general-assembly
"Loved the location as well as the office space we were in. We brushed shoulders with the professionals working in the field during lunch and that in itself was a great opportunity to learn more about the industry. I was in the very first cohort so a lot... Read More of things were changed on the fly, but the amount of heart and insight put into this program was impressive. Also the price is reasonable.Read Less",general-assembly
"I decided in May to quit my full time job and take the 9 week immersive web development course at Bitmaker Labs as I had a strong interest in learning Ruby on Rails. The course provided much more detail on the lifecycle of the HTTP request than I had... Read More anticipated and also an introduction to TDD as well. The instructors are very knowledgable and helpful, and the entire environment was very fun and welcoming! I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking to learn web development with no prior experience in programming.Read Less",general-assembly
"The course was challenging and ultimately provided a lot of value for me. I found the ""outcomes"" program to be very helpful, where they talked to the class for 1 hr a week about resume, portfolio, interview, and other job-related stuff. There was a satisfying... Read More amount of 1-on-1 check-ins to see how we felt about the program and how our projects were going. The course was 10 weeks and there were a total of 5 projects: one being a portfolio, and the last being for an actual client. There are a lot of collaborative activities and 3 of the projects were team projects. I enjoyed the very hands-on nature of the learning environment. We had a handful of field trips I felt I got a lot out of, whether it was networking, portfolio tips, or just an idea of what it's like to work in a company that values UX design. We also had several guest speakers, some of them being big names in the field, with provided lunch. The networking opportunities were where some of the most value was for me. Cons would include there not being enough emphasis and time given for reading texts so I could feel more competent to talk about design when I go to the meetups. Or even when I was working on the projects. I felt quite overwhelmed and unclear of what was the best direction to take for projects at times . Some of that is on me since I didn't dedicate every second outside of class to ensuring I was fully ""immersed"" in UX. You get out of the course what you put in. The instructors were awesome, but I did want personal experience in the field to be incorporated a bit more into the lectures and advice at times. I also wish there was more hands-on guidance when we were trying to learn a platform to build our portfolios on. We were kinda just left on our own to figure that out. If you can take the course seriously and put in your all and you have the funds, I'd say it's a good investment and a relatively fast way to shift careers or gain some extra skills.Read Less",general-assembly
"I just finished the FEWD part-time course at GA Seattle and had a great experience! I love everything about the community. Everyone is very helpful and open to sharing their experiences. The atmosphere is energetic and ""neatly appointed"", to boot (the... Read More Brooklyn, NY wallpaper in the bathroom stalls is always fun).I am a graphic designer who wanted to get Front End Development skills. I checked out other Seattle locations as well as online courses and GA just made sense for me. This FEWD course focused specifically on HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. As a designer who was skeptical about learning code, I only wanted to focus on these three languages as a way to introduce myself to the world of code. I also have tried online courses only to be distracted while taking them. I figured being accountable to show up for a class two times a week for 10 weeks was the perfect way to go for me.My instructors (you get two!) were VERY knowledgable AND passionate about what they do. You could ask them anything and they knew the answer. They were very generous with their time and answering questions outside of class as well as during. I can't recommend Steve Minor and Noah Collins enough.One caveat - as a designer whose brain is less wired for code than it is for design, this class moves FAST. Be prepared to put in a lot of time outside of class.It was clear to me that General Assembly is heavily invested in their community and making sure their students get the most out of their experience. Also, they provide a TON of info sessions, workshops, bootcamps - they have a lot to choose from if you are looking to get involved in the tech community and the Seattle community in general. Check it out!Read Less",general-assembly
"I recently completed the part time Digital Marketing course at General Assembly in Seattle. I am SO HAPPY I decided to do this - and that is saying something considering that it took place every Saturday for 10 weeks during Seattle's sunniest summer ever!... Read MoreEverything I knew (before taking this class) I learned on the job. (I am currently working as a marketer for a tech company in Fremont.) I joined GA’s Digital Marketing course to become better at what I do, learn from industry experts, and gain a network of marketers who I can continue to grow with and learn from. The course absolutely lived up to those expectations - and even my co-workers have noticed the positive impact this class has had on what I bring to the team!I loved learning from an instructor who is actively working in the industry. She was super knowledgable and clearly cares about her students. It's great to know that she is someone I can continue to bounce marketing ideas and challenges off of in the future. During our final presentations (which is great professional experience, by the way!), I also made friends with one of the judges (another industry expert!) who I think will continue to be a great mentor moving forward.And, of course, I can't leave a review without mentioning how happily surprised I was to learn what a wonderful community exists at GA. The staff (Annie in particular) and my fellow students were all so warm and welcoming. I'll end this by saying that my company is currently hiring and, based on the content of this course and quality of instruction, I'd feel very comfortable hiring a GA grad!Read Less",general-assembly
"When my Director mentioned we’d have an opportunity (thanks to our Agency) to take a course at General Assembly, I admit I had never heard about them and was a little apprehensive about heading to the westside and fighting traffic. On first take, their... Read More website offered a great variety of classes in both front-end, back-end and more with enough weekday or weekend options to offer folks with set work schedules flexibility. I chose Front End Web Development held on Saturdays and it was an incredible experience!Our instruction team (led by Kameron Zach) was awesome. Very creative, insightful and knowledgeable his humor and teaching style was very thorough and welcoming. Shane and Machiko we always available during class or office hours if you had a question or needed more help with concepts as they built from week to week. What I liked most was the give and take between staff and the class — classes were customized enough to our learning level and our input shaped where the final projects ended. Discussions were very spirited and enjoyable.For those of us who love taking and reviewing notes, classes were available in audio format and each weekend driving down to class, I’d listen and review which was an added bonus.TJ (Technical Course Producer) was always available and welcomed us with a welcome lunch and always shared valuable news about the General Assembly experience and how as students you can make the most of resources moving forward.The most fun was seeing everyone’s final projects in a class that seemed more like a celebration. It was amazing how far those in class had come and what each person gleaned from instruction. I immediately begged my director for another opportunity.Finally, as a student, you get the type of exposure that could lead to a career opportunities. During our graduation, industry professionals share tips on getting your foot in the door and what steps should take next. Also, student projects can be posted on the General Assembly Gallery @ https://gallery.generalassemb.ly/FEWD?metro=los-angeles which allow for feedback, sharing and a great link to add to your portfolio or resume.If you’re looking for a jump start to your career, I’d seriously suggest doing an Full-Time Immersive or time permitting Part-Time Courses. You’ll thank this review for where you’ll be headed.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took Digital Marketing at General Assembly from March 2015 to June 2015. I loved every moment of it. The curriculum is highly relevant and includes up to the minute material that will really put you in such a great position to be successful as a digital... Read More marketer. The instructor and teaching assistants were also highly knowledgeable, very hands-on and always willing to help.GA isn't your typical university. There's a certain vibe about it that you will grow to love. It's cutting edge, if you will. Coming out of the course, I now work with content marketing, SEO, social media, email marketing -- MANY of the concepts on a daily basis and it's been a huge asset to my business. Most importantly, it's helped me lay out a full digital marketing plan.Thanks GA!!Read Less",general-assembly
"In my experience, I was able to learn through the experiences and lessons of great instructors in an environment conducive to learning. The students vary from upper management in traditional marketing roles trying to transition into or manage digital... Read More marketing positions all the way to startup founders trying to launch new apps, products and services. Enhanced adult learning concepts are applied and activities are performed much like small case studies. Instead of heavy lecture, the course incorporates a hands-on approach to framework, execution and management of digital campaign strategies, including the best tools to use. All in all a great course. You can take a hundred digital marketing and social media workshops, but it would take years to collect the data and on top of that organize it in a fluid manner. If you are looking for a course that will help you transition from a traditional marketing role and you are interested in all things digital, this is the course for you.Read Less",general-assembly
"I took the FEWD course with the Seattle GA and had such a positive experience. My teachers were the head developers at Nordstrom and really knew their stuff! I learned html, CSS, and intermediate JavaScript. Some challenges I overcame were creating floats... Read More in CSS, toggling classes in Javascript, and styling a modal. Now I have the website portfolio I've always wanted and can say that I did itmyself to all future clients. If I weren't moving, I would take the UX class with GA next!Read Less",general-assembly
"I spent a total of seven months at the Santa Monica General Assembly location. After finishing the WDI program I started the UXD program two weeks later.WDI: Let’s not beat around the bush here…this program was very difficult….at least for me. But I would’ve... Read More been skeptical if it wasn’t. In only 12 weeks, we came out of this program with the knowledge to be junior full-stack developers. Some picked it up more easily than others, but everyone struggled at some point. My instructors were both great at helping me get up to speed, even answering 1 am Hip Chat messages for help. And while GA was always upfront about no guarantees regarding employment, people got jobs. One student even got a new job before she ended class! So the success of the program isn’t in doubt.UXD: This is where I found my new professional calling. UXD was amazing! It was a small (~16 students) group that met twice a week in the evenings. Everyone was engaged in the content and the instructors were top notch. I couldn’t have asked for a better experience, or a more satisfying employment conclusion.Read Less",general-assembly
"was in the first Web Development Immersive (WDI) in Seattle. I am now a Front-End Web Developer at a consulting/creative agency. Before doing this I was in healthcare and I decided to make a career change. I did research on other coding bootcamps around... Read More Seattle. I decided to go with GA for a number of reasons. First, the course curriculum was amazing. I learned 3 different stacks in 3 months. Second, the career/networking help they provide during and after the course. Third, the community that GA has in Seattle and around the world. And finally the people that work at GA Seattle. The entire staff at GA Seattle is there to support every student part time or full time. I can now say that I love my job and I am making more money than I ever have thanks to GA. I can say without a doubt that GA changed my life. Pros: Instructors, Staff at GA Seattle, found a job within one month after completing the course, curriculumCons: I was in the first cohort of at WDI so the planning of the course work was a little rockyRead Less",general-assembly
What a ride the last ten weeks have been. I've gone from unhappy wine importer with some rough design skills to fully fledged UX Designer and I couldn't be happier! My teachers Jill and James have been absolutely amazing. They're an absolute credit to... Read More GA. The stuff we've been learning is pretty intense but I totally feel ready to get out there and get myself a job!Read Less,general-assembly
Pros: My instructorsIntellectual classmates The opportunities presented to me after finishing the class,general-assembly
"The pros. Taking twelve weeks of your life to learn how to learn a craft and skills you will use on a daily basis. Meeting people of all ages and backgrounds interested in changing their careers or adding to their portfolio of skills. The cons. Twelve... Read More weeks seems very long, however it goes by quick. You are studying morning, afternoon, and evenings to achieve your goals.Read Less",general-assembly
"In October, I took the Bitmaker Lab's Web Development course. Before taking the program I had no coding experience outside of a course I took years before in high school. By the end of the course I had the proficiency to code some pretty awesome web apps... Read More and equally importantly - the ability to also learn other languages. They did a great job of balancing teaching with hands on work. It really solidified the things we were taught. I'm sure it's been said before but much of my success at Bitmaker was a result of their super helpful lead and assistant Instructors. It was such a jazzy-energetic environment, where everyone just wants to be there to learn and build great things. I spent time after each class really learning and absorbing what was taught, and it was absolutely the right approach because there was often something new to learn the next day. I think some students who had to balance the course jobs and commitments had a hard time. (Pro tip: The more time you put in, the more you'll get out) At the end of the course, Bitmaker had a hiring week and a night of presentations to showcase apps we built ourselves over last two weeks. That led to a ton of new opportunities and by the end I had been through 15 or so interviews and received 4/5 job offers. Without a doubt Bitmaker gave back everything I put in, and I'm happy to have gone. Well worth it!Read Less",general-assembly
"I recently completed GA's Web Development Immersive and am so incredibly glad I discovered the program. For me, it was a positive, uplifting environment where I made incredible friends and connections. The instructors and staff are truly dedicated to... Read More helping change peoples' lives and give them valuable, marketable skills.I had researched other coding schools, however, none seemed as personable and prestigious as GA. Also, no other school's curriculum or course format seemed to fit my needs quite as well.That being said, it was no cakewalk; I had very little trace of a life outside of GA for the duration of the three-month course. 10-12 hours each day (in order to successfully retain most of the concepts) is no exaggeration.I'm currently in a full-time three-month contract position, and because of the effort I put forth in the immersive, I have very few concerns about attaining my next role. A big theme at GA is ""growth mindset"" and this is an especially helpful thought pattern for when you're feeling less-than-capable.However, before you decide to take the plunge, ask yourself: do I love learning constantly, do I have emotional fortitude (e.g. being comfortable with struggling through concepts daily), am I doing this for the pure joy of building/creating/designing, and am I willing to dedicate three months of my life to coding and sleeping? If yes, then I highly recommend! Good luck!Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros:You'll emerge from the immersive with a customized, branded, functional UX Design Portfolio which includes at least four design projects.You'll learn from experienced industry professionals.You'll have support in your job hunt from GA staff.You'll... Read More be exposed to over fifty tools and techniques for practicing UX design, including user research.Cons:In 10 weeks, you're going to be drinking from the firehose of new information - this is a boot camp experience and it can be stressful if the rest of your life is in any way unsettled. You'll also get exposed to the techniques and tools, but it will be up to you to put in the iterations required to integrate the training and convert it to fluency.Read Less",general-assembly
"Pros: Great environment, phenomenal network, amazing camaraderie. In just 10 weeks of the Product Management Immersive (PMI) you can go from a newbie to someone who's well-versed in all things PM. You work through five projects in that time period, including... Read More client work and a full-scale product of your conception done with a team of developers and UX/UI designers. There are moments when you are ready to scream and break down because of the pressure and time restrictions, but in the end you come out with one hell of an amazing feeling, a portfolio of work and a resume worth noting. For the ten weeks you're in, your class, your teams and General Assembly community are your family and your world. Post-grad - that's your go-to network in case of anything. And I mean it. You do not stop being a part of that community just because you graduated.Instructors are experienced veterans in the field and impart a great deal of pragmatic/working/applicable knowledge to their students. They also push you a lot. It's not called a bootcamp for nothing. Practical exercises are abundant in every lecture and the learned skills are solidified through projects.GA has a producer for everything: admissions, course, outcomes (job coaching and recruitment). Those are the people that help you progress from start to job.We had a chance to present (and defend) out final projects (a full-scale site) at an industry night in front of a panel of industry experts. Additionally, there's a Meet &amp; Greet event upon completion of the program where employers come in to look at your projects and you get a chance to network with them.Cons: PMI is a relatively new GA program as compared to others (as of the date of this writing - 08/11/2015). There are some curriculum glitches, as the instructors are still trying to adjust it to the needs of every new cohort. Sometimes there was too much information provided which could not be properly soaked into our already exhausted minds. Having said that - everybody has their strengths, whether from prior experience or personal acumen, and some topics might be easier or harder for you specifically. The classmates help each other to catch up on whatever is needed (see ""camaraderie"" above). Job coaches are very helpful, but overworked. They teach and assist you regularly, while during especially hectic weeks (like meet and greet weeks) it might be tough to get a hold of them. Nevertheless, these guys are extremely knowledgeable and very amicable. You come out with a great professionally looking resume, a GA profile (don't underestimate the GA profile) and a LinkedIn page worth mentioning.Conclusion: PMI at GA is an outstanding program overall. Even with a few problems, you get highly rich pragmatic education that manages to compress years-worth of MBA, design schools and project management training into a 10-week program, and with better results. Additionally, you get into a very entrepreneurial/startup spirit during the course. Business development does not seem like a scary arcane monster anymore after you learn as much as you can in PMI: it's just a collection of processes for which you have now been endowed with a set of practicable tools.The burning question: the job search. I know this is one of the major concerns for every bootcamp applicant and attendee. It's been a couple of weeks since the graduation and I'm applying in batches. So far I have some interviews coming up and replies from companies about when they'll beefing up their staff ranks (it's August, and many companies wait for fall budget approvals). Some of my classmates either already got into an internship through their client project connections or going through rounds of interviews.During the course we had a number of panels with former students who either currently working or interning as product managers or in similar positions. Similar, that is because product managers are often not called product managers in many companies. You have to go by job descriptions. It might be strategists, marketing managers, producers, and whatnot. GA has its own job board, which appears to be effective since I've got a couple of interviews out of it coming up this week. Following advices of career coaches seems to help a lot in getting interviews.The bottomline from lessons of those who've done it before us is you really need to network and ACTIVELY search for the job. Unless you are independently wealthy and can afford a nice year-long vacation. Good for you, I say, good for you.Read Less",general-assembly
"I was beyond impressed by my experience at General Assembly Seattle. The instructors are extremely invested, knowledgable and committed to sending their students into the working world prepared. I loved that the course is constantly being updated and... Read More changed to reflect what is important to a specific market (example: Sketch is becoming more popular and important in Seattle, so it was added to the course to reflect that). Another big pro is that you leave the course with a job-ready portfolio, with at least 3 high quality UX projects inside. The course emphasizes collaborative work (because much design work is incredibly collaborative). This is a big pro in terms of job-readiness, but can be one of the more stressful aspects of the course. I think the biggest con of the course is the intensity of it. I was ready to completely immersive myself in the course - I spend 70-100 hours a week working while in the ten week program. I didn't have another job, didn't see my friends very much and didn't keep up with many of my extra curricula's. I also was careful to take care of myself (mentally and physically) outside of the course. If you don't have the support system, or willingness to invest this much time and energy, I don't know if you would get as much out of the course. GA does provide outcomes support - but it is really support, you need to drive your own job search. Before taking the GA course, I was working as a professional Irish dancer and movement educator - I currently work as the Designer in Residence for General Assembly, and am consistently going on interviews for UX jobs that I would love to have.Read Less",general-assembly
"I went to GA Seattle WDI (Web Development Immersive) course. It changed my life. Within 1 1/2 months of graduation, I was offered a great job at a company that's considered one of the top 5 to work for in the pacific NW. Starting next week I'll be a Software... Read More Engineer making more than twice what I made in my previous career, and I enjoy the work much more. I can't heap enough praise onto the General Assembly Web Development program. Like I said, it's changed my life in ways I didn't think possible.Read Less",general-assembly
"I've not only taken the 11 week Data Science course but have attended many workshops and watched many courses online. Overall, GA has really helped me stay current with my skills and helped me innovate in my company. It's been quite some time since I... Read More was in school so this was perfect. The instructors are great and really take the time to assure that you understand the material. They even give up several hours on Saturdays to help! Highly recommend.Read Less",general-assembly
The teachers are a waste of time. What you are paying for is to sit in a room with other people also trying to learn to code.,general-assembly
"I recently completed an Ad Optimization part time course with Bitmaker Labs in Toronto and couldn’t have more positive things to say about my experience. The course focused on building ads on Facebook and Google Ads by learning about copy writing, demographics... Read More and tricks and tips for each of the platforms. We had an industry expert from a high profile company lead our 12 week program. He offered incredible insights and support throughout the entire course. Another element of the course I really enjoyed was the networking opportunities. Our instructor was very well connected in the digital marketing and Toronto community and was able to bring in several guest speakers to share their insights with the class as well. Not only did this make the content diverse but again exposed us to insights from other local companies to further expand our network of connections. If you are looking to take a part time course with Bitmaker I would highly recommend doing so. 3 hours/week may seem like a big time commitment but as someone working full time I can tell you it was doable and worth the time.Read Less",general-assembly
"I had a great experience at Bitmaker Labs. I went in with little to no expectations and had a very positive experience. The course was very manageable, being that it was only part-time and occurred once a week. I knew there was no obligation towards,... Read More assignments or attendance yet I still took the class very seriously, it was because of this attention and determination I felt that I was able to get the most out of the course. It is quite costly, but if you are serious and want to pursue your course (or program) as a career, it's worth it, because with a course like this one; you get out, what you put in. I took advantage of my talented instructor and the awesome guest speakers that came in, it's not everyday you come across, highly talented, skilled and experienced individuals like that. I went into Bitmaker with a very low level of knowledge in different areas, for example, Photoshop was a program that I wasn't too comfortable with and with just one three hour class I was able to actually learn the basic essentials of it and use it with so much more confidence today. Bitmaker didn't actually help me find a job because I didn't reach out to them for that, I ventured out on my own and landed one. I did however use the skills and knowledge from what I learned at Bitmaker in my interview process and still use them at my current job. I had great lecture notes from the course that I actually used to study over for my interviews. All in all, Bitmaker was an amazing opportunity and am so thankful to have met Greg Moore (my instructor) who was my true inspiration to pursue UI/UX design as a career.Read Less",general-assembly
I recently got accepted into GA and I couldn't be more excited. I have been taking their workshop classes and decided I wanted to apply for their full time class. The teachers are great and knowledgeable about what they are doing.,general-assembly
"Pros:The content includes many current technologies including Javascript, Ruby on Rails, Angular, etc. Cons:Instructors are subpar and many of the cohorts are still looking for a job after months of graduation.I had heard that the class performance really... Read More depends on the instructor and I find this to be very true. One instructor was gone in the middle of the class and the other didn't have much teaching experience and had way too much ego. He made me feel insecure about asking. He spent little time coaching individually. After months of completing the course, there are only a handful of people that have jobs - a lot of them are 'freelance' coders or starting their own business. Santa Monica branch seems to have better luck with teaching staff but I hear MakerSquare in Santa Monica offers great curriculum. So I'd advise others to check out this bootcamp instead of General Assembly.Read Less",general-assembly
It was such a great experience. Instructors were always available when we needed them,general-assembly
"I wouldn't say that Bitmaker was a bad experience, it was just not what I thought it would be. Having had friends that went to other bootcamps I decided to go to one in Toronto where I live. There were 2 that I found and Bitmaker was definitely awesome... Read More in looking at it from the outside. Great space, really cool people and interesting curriculum. The problem is this place is all about the money and has some pretty backwards policies. First off, compared to what I have heard from other schools, their career side is abysmal. Their '9 weeks' include 1 hiring week where they set you up with some interviews and that's it. They don't help you beyond the 9 weeks and once you are done the program they really do nothing for their alumni. I know bootcamps like Hack Reactor, MakerSquare, HackerYou and Lighthouse Labs all help you until you find a job. Also, pretty sure their 93% can't be true because I literally met so many alumni who are without jobs and many of which gave up. It truthfully made me feel stupid for not finding them before, so I guess that's my fault. Overall, they just take your money, teach you whatever they can and then let you leave and figure it out. Also, small things here, but they have 40 people in a class and 3 people on the floor at any given time. Not super helpful, though I must say that their teachers themselves are really cool and very good. Just not enough to really help 40 people! Look, I can code and that's awesome, so I'm really happy with that, and I won't say the money was poorly spent, but bootcamps are everywhere and from what I have seen and heard, I probably could have picked a better one.Read Less",general-assembly
"I have mixed reactions coming out of Bitmakers. Although I achieved what I wanted to do, which was to learn how to program, it was more or less self taught between the students. I have found great success after Bitmakers but not through their help as... Read More much as through how I marketed myself as Ryan stated in his review. It was through portfolio building and relentless networking outside Bitmakers where I succeeded. The best part of Bitmakers is not really the course but the student community. Within the community, we attend hackathons to try to market ourselves and build networks otherwise not available to us through the course. Those that did the extracurriculars are the ones who have succeeded outside Bitmakers. Aside from the hilarious 'interview' process, there are some nitpicks in particular. In no particular order - Quality of instructors. I had the pleasure in my cohort to be taught by a well seasoned instructor for majority of the curriculum. The trouble lies however, the other instructors where the quality drops tenfold. You go from someone who is teaching you to someone trying to convince you what they're saying is correct. You can't tell me someone with 5-8 years experience should be teaching a bunch of beginners! Building great foundations is most important when learning something for the first time! (On a side note, watching the screencast has become quite entertaining to see how many times someone can say uh..um...so....yeah....um.... through 5 minutes) - It's really a 7 week program not 9 weeks. Last 2 weeks are spent working on a final project where it's to explore yourself. Questions outside the scope of the course are met with read the docs online and learn yourself! What the heck did I pay for then if you're not going to help me understand! - Job prospects -- They boast over 90% of alumni found a job within 3 months. They should change that to 90% of them found unpaid internships (which I still know many people from the first 6 cohorts are still stuck working at) where less than 10% found a paying job. They don't really help you connect with people rather than take you on tours of dev shops and incubators. There's a hiring expo where you present your final project at the end of the cohort however upon attending a few, they are more or less people with ideas looking for a startup partner rather than actual 'work'. Long story short, it's like any educational institution; You get what you put in! Remember this is a business and see beyond the fluff in their advertising!Read Less",general-assembly
"I went to Bitmaker knowing absolutely nothing about Rails and while I did have some other programming experience, it wasn't much. The program is tailored to be for raw beginners with the goal being to give you the skills to be an entry level junior web... Read More dev in 9 weeks. For most of the students, it was successful. For me on the other hand, it gave me a base but my skills were still too weak to get a junior dev job even after the program. I ended up going to the online bootcamp ""bloc.io"" and there was able to get my skills to where they should have been when leaving Bitmaker. I absolutely would recommend Bitmaker to anybody who wants to learn web development and can afford the time and financial investment, but if you are a slow learner there is a good chance that you will still need more work even after completing the program to even have bare minimum proficiency in developing Rails apps.Read Less",general-assembly
"My experience at General Assembly's Web Development Immersive was life-changing. After I got laid-off from my job teaching public school last year, I decided to take a leap and pursue my interest in computer programming. I researched programs and chose... Read More General Assembly because they are a well-established organization with a well-developed curriculum, teacher-support, and a great track record of graduates finding work in the field.I learned so much during my twelve weeks there, and afterward I and all of my classmates managed to find entry-level jobs and internships as web developers. My friends who grew up coding were incredulous at how much we were able to learn in twelve weeks, but I really did learn enough to find full-time work in the field, and I've continued to learn more every day on the job, and I'm now contributing to a great software team, writing code and fixing bugs, and loving my work every day.The teachers were great and devoted, and the organization gives them a lot of support for becoming better teachers, and in general everyone there was incredibly receptive to feedback and working on improving the program every day. It seems like a lot of money until you compare it to a semester at college, or think about the amount of time it would take you to learn this stuff on your own (if you ever could - I tried to teach myself before I got to WDI, but there were so many things that I really just couldn't have learned on my own, so many layers of technology and complexity - the gulf between playing around on codeacademy to actually building web apps is absolutely enormous.In the six months since I finished my course at WDI, three of my friends have signed up to follow in my footsteps there. I can't think of any other decision I've made that had such a profound and empowering effect on my life.Read Less",general-assembly
"What you get out of the program really depends on your own place in life and what you want out of it. It is not a magic job placement program. There is a lot of independent learning as the curriculum and instructional methods still need a lot of polish.... Read More However the instructors on personal basis are very helpful. It did provide a space to work, some work targets, and a great network of classmates. The easiest way to figure out if it's for you is to go to events that are organized at the space. Chances are you will find students there, chat them up and see what they think. For my own situation I don't regret it, although it was more expensive than I would have liked. Also note there are part time options now, both at Bitmaker and other competitors in town.Read Less",general-assembly
"Personally I had a great experience at Bitmakers. I was in the first cohort and I learnt a great deal about creating web applications with Rails. I was lucky when graduating I had a few job opportunities spring up. Overall, its up to the student to learn.... Read More The bitmaker program provides opportunities and supports learning but the student needs to committee time, energy and absolute focus.Read Less",general-assembly
"I was in the 3rd cohort and have had a successful and exciting experience post-bitmaker. I got hired by a great company, but left to pursue my own business which was actually just a continuation of my final project. Before applying you must understand... Read More that paying money and going through the hoops placed before you does not in itself impress employers. You must use the skills learned and your story to convince people of your value. Nobody gets anything for free, and you still have to hustle. Just yesterday I went to move a couch, I saw a guy programming in the building lobby and asked what he was doing. He showed me his site and I told him about mine, and then he offered me an interview. My point is, Bitmaker is the best way to motivate and accelerate your desire to learn to code, and should be viewed as such rather than a free ride to a dream job. The hiring week is a bonus, and can be used to practice pitching your value proposition and networking. And even still, I know many people who were hired directly from it, including myself. The best part about bitmaker is immersing yourself in the tech community, experiencing the completion of difficult goals amongst like-minded individuals, and sparking your inner programmer/entrepreneur. In the end, as with all things, it's up to you where the experience takes you. Happy coding to all who apply, and don't ever stop giving it your all.Read Less",general-assembly
"I'm surprised by the reviews below. My experience with GA has been extremely positive. I took the back-end web development class (BEWD). My instructor was Gil and my TA was Justin, both were incredibly helpful inside and outside of class. I really bonded... Read More with a few students in the class as well. Overall, there's always an energetic vibe at GA. Nicole, our course producer, is always available and checks in frequently to ensure that we are getting the most out of the class. Perhaps the quality differs from class to class, but my BEWD experience has been incredibly positive.Read for more at yelp.comRead Less",general-assembly
