"Review","school"
The course is fun and it is an eye opener for me. I have not done programming since I have left school and it did take some time to catch up. The trainers are helpful and patient with me and the course is design in line with industry practices that is... Read More very applicable to real life situation. Highly recommend to beginners in python.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros:Attendance taking online good for the less disciplinedApproachable instructor who took question as the online class are stream live unlike a pre-recorded video for most online courseHelpful teaching assistants during weekly consultation hours if... Read More you need the extra boostCons:Online course of this topic at other provider are priced at a small fraction of the cost hereLearning curve gets a lot steeper towards the end of the courseRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"I think that it gives you a great general overview of Python. Towards the end, there were a lot more shortened codes which were quite confusing, but I guess its to bridge to the next course which is more in-depth on Python. Otherwise, the course was short... Read More and good.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The lesson was very engaging and the despite being a online lesson, it felts almost like a live session. Also there were recordings and extra assistants available to better understand the concept. And have definitely learned alot of the basic of python... Read More and would love to take more courses from them. Instructor Mr Ranon Sim was an excellent instructor and able to explain the concepts very well and he was quite engaging and lesson didnt felt boring. Despite being a very slow learning glad that I learned alot as a beginner. Thank you and encourage people to join as wellRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Classes are manageable for beginners and have sufficient depth to have a good foundation. The instructors are very approachable and friendly, the classes are paced according to the pace students are comfortable with and overall it was a fun and enjoyable... Read More learning experience.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Course instructors and teaching assistants provided good examples and went at a good pace. There was good coverage of practical examples and many helpful exercises and projects. Good basic introduction to Python to build strong fundamentals for future... Read More learning.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"1. Did u know that the deposits are non-refundable? I did not and that's because they were somewhere in T&amp;C. Originally wanted to drop the course, but they did not allow me to do so. 2. Curriculum was all about teaching you to code, but not to understand... Read More about the algorithm behind, which I felt is more important. Learning how to code can itself be learnt through an online course on Udemy, easily 10-20x cheaper. So what's the value added?Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course was well-planned and had given me valuable insights on the application of Python Programming for data visualisation. Through the various problem sets and teaching materials, I was able to build on my foundation and to apply the knowledge learnt... Read More for future use.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
introduction to Python Programming is an Informative course which is suitable for beginners who have no prior programming experience. Good and responsive teaching staffs. Weekly small group consultation is held to answer questions and pace of lesson is... Read More alright too.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Overall, I enjoyed the experience that is why I signed up for DS102 to continue my education with HackWagon. I look forward to a more or less another enjoyable learning experience with the next course. A big Thank you to the lecturer and especially my... Read More tutor Ms Tan MingYi for her 24/7 support.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"pros: Content is manageable Professor is informative Presentation of content is simple and easy to followTutoring assistant is very helpful is clarifying concepts Cons:For the last 2 lessons, difficulty in content increased quite significantlyPace of... Read More lesson for last 2 lesson is quite fastIt will be nice if there are more exploratory materials and some guidance for itRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"The online session over Zoom is conducive and the class contents, in terms of examples and practices, are practical and useful in helping us to understand the different functions and usage of the codes.Would prefer for future sessions to continue over... Read More Zoom platform.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros: those who just started learning coding can go for this. TAs are always there to help you out.The instructor is coaching at a laymen kind of understandingCons: Learning curve is quite steep. Course duration is too short. So the syllabus is cramped... Read More up.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Very interesting place to learn python.My instructor Seng Kok was good at explaining and my TA Mingyi is very patient and enthusiastic at assisting me with my assignments. Glad to have found this place and would be keen to continue to further my python... Read More knowledge!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Teaching instructors are very helpful and course curriculum is very comprehensive. Lessons are at a good pace, weekly assessments help to accelerate your learning. Instructors are very helpful in assisting with administrative matters as well such as submitting... Read More claims. Will recommend to friends.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Good program in basics; great set up of teaching via remotely and the practises are great.This course doesn't necessary teach ""what is python"" but ""how to use python in your daily future work"" so it's a great introductory course.Would be nice if there's... Read More more details about ""how to set up your computer"" for python, and an overall introductory module on Python and computer programming.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Classes were interactive and informative with the instructor answering our queries promptly even though it is an online class.Pace was good and the assignments helped a lot with understanding main concepts.Break times were a bit short and sometimes a... Read More bit late.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Course was easy to follow for an absolute beginner to Python. The weekly assignments also helped with learning. Pace was at a good speed. Instructors and teaching assist are very helpful at every way. Instructions are clear and easy to follow with regards... Read More to claims.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
My instructor is Mr Choo Seng Kok and my TA is Vin. Had such a great experience with both of them! Vin is very helpful and would always go the extra mile to help us. Mr Choo is such an amazing instructor as well! Extremely thoughtful and would go the... Read More extra mile to help make our learning experience much easier. Extremely thankful to have met such a great instructor and TA! Would definitely come back to Hackwagon again.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"The course is very well structured and thought out, easy for beginners even with zero programming or computational thinking knowledge. Instructors and TA's were really helpful and the problem sets were really thought provoking. Would recommend for anyone... Read More who wants a great start to the world of coding and data science.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Attending the class allows me to understand better on Data Science and able to learn more technics in Python and encourage me to continue learning Python and follow Hackwagon Cons; Learning while working is the challenges, it requires a lot of time... Read More to try out the new thingsRead Less",hackwagon-academy
did a home based learning with Hackwagon. Clear step by step explanation on basic Anaconda useage. With many helpful Teacher Assistant standby on every lessons to help the participants Useful in class practices to help us understand our learning and some... Read More homeworks to practice themRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Good consideration of covid-19 for which remote classes were held. Good that we are able to get TA support. Speed of instructor should be improved. More aid should be given. More prompting questions. Better use of slides during class should be added.,hackwagon-academy
very well planned out and fun! Cirriculum was well thought out and the skills learnt are useful. Recommended for beginner programmers.................................................................................................................................... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"If you are looking to dive into Python programming and challenge yourself, this intense 7-weeks course does just that. Dive into real life examples and challenging weekly assignments to ensure you are always on your toes and up your programming game a... Read More few notches.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I'm new to coding. Hackwagon DS101 introductory course to python coding ensure everyone can pick up the skill of coding. After 7 weeks of attending the basic course, I can clean up and analyse big data sets and plot graphs with the processed data sets.... Read More It will surely help in my company to reassess data in a completely different view and manner.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"If you want to explore data science and coding, but not sure exactly where to start, DS101 will be the right choice for you. With 7 weeks of beginner-friendly lessons, you'll be able to understand what exactly data science is without getting too in-depth... Read More and advanced (in case you realise that programming is not your cup of tea!). That's exactly what I did. The workload is extremely manageable, so you don't have to worry about not being able to keep up with the assignments. Furthermore, the TAs were very approachable and were always welcoming to have consultations. There is also additional support on claiming skillsfuture credit or CITREP, in case that applies to you. Lastly, the online interface for your Hackwagon account is extremely user-friendly. You will be able to find all your course documents and assignments easily and you can access them even after you finish the course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"This introductory Python class was pretty easy to get into. The amount of content for each lesson was quite manageable although it would have been helpful if they added an additional lesson in order to spread the pace out. The teaching assistants also... Read More made themselves available whenever they could. This included holding additional ""remedial sessions"" outside of the assigned class time. Overall, besides the content, there was a lot of support from the staff in order to help us learn better.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Despite, the social distancing measures within the class room, the instructor created a conducive learning environment, answering all our doubts relating to coding and even data science career-related questions. All the data analytics skills learnt from... Read More this course is very practical and applicable to real-life projects.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Although it was tough to learn programming through online lessons, I am glad to be able to grasp the basic fundamentals of python and would love to continue learning and delving deeper into this area of study. My instructor and tutors were also helpful... Read More in guiding our learning throughout the course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I am a totally newbie in any programming and IT courses and I find the class is easy to understand from class 1 to 3 and get difficult after that. But don't worry there will be teaching assistant that can help you if you have any questions and there will... Read More be homework to test your understanding. After taking this class I have more confidence n Python and I can explore more about Phyton from the webs for self learning. Really worth taking!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Detailed walkthrough by instructor chin-lock. Nevertheless, the providing of the codes can be arrange at the start of the 7 weeks course instead at the 5th to 7th lessons. Great commitments from the instructor &amp; TAs from the assistance from administrative... Read More &amp; coursework matters.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Online Data Science, Python course modules start from basic, building up the foundation. Well plan course structure. Personally, I like the course using real life data sample to work on. Excellent Instructor and Training Assistant that will answer any... Read More queries.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Course was structured even for people who have 0 programming background. Extra consultations and sessions were conducted to enhance learning experience and to clear any doubts before the next lesson. Program is a good introductory course for those who... Read More are interested in Data science.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Prior to this course, I have zero tech background and was worried that I wouldn't be able to catch up. However, I have been able to follow up with the lessons really well and it has sparked an interest in data science in me! :-) Despite being held online... Read More due to COVID-19, the lessons were carried out smoothly thanks to the great facilitation and assistance from the instructor and the TAs. In addition, I believe that this course will allow us to equip ourselves with skills that would be helpful towards our career moving forward. 10/10 would recommend!!!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"If you're hesitating, don't. Engaging lessons and patient instructor, with good number of teaching assistants to help you out when needed. Very relevant examples and labs on how to apply using real data. Smooth registration processes, good use of technology... Read More to keep students informed.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The classes are well structured with jupyter notebooks that are well thought out to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the topics. The skills picked up will allow me to apply to my industry to extract insights by overlaying data available. It also... Read More brought some understanding in our scripting solutions in design such as Dynamo.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"The pros would be that this course gave me a deeper understanding of how programming works and it has shown me if I have any interest in pursuing this particular course.The cons would be that this course is extremely short and everything seems to be very... Read More rushed because I feel that coding takes time to master and I feel that there isn't much time to properly master what I have learnt, at least in the position of a beginner.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
i learnt a lot about basic coding. the online class was conducted well and the instructors have a good depth of knowledge. The labs were all very useful in helping me understand the lessons and review what I had learned during the lesson. The lesson duration... Read More was just nice and enough for me to learn.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Great intro to Data Science building blocks using Python. Too bad due to Covid situation it had to be done online. Would have been much better if physical class was done. Great class practice and challenging assignments. More should be devoted to pandas... Read More and functions.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"I started off disliking Python. However throughout the 7 weeks and getting my hands dirty on the codes required by the assignments and project, I love to code now because I feel more confident in understanding and managing code problems. Thank you to... Read More the instructors for their hard work!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Instructor was patient, clear, and thoughtful of the studentsConsistently came up with new ways of helping the students out in terms of focusing and improving throughout the courseCons:Course was too shortCourse done online so hard to maintain engagement... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Attended DS102, it is rather compact but nonetheless instructors and TA are helpful on explaining the concepts behind as well as clearing doubts raised. Video recording is very helpful as I could re watch to refresh myself on the key concept that was... Read More taught during class(which i might not have understood fully at that point of time due to the tight schedule)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Hackwagon's courses are a great outlet to build the knowledge for Data Analytics albeit the nature of Data Analytics requires students to take on self research from sources outside of the course to build adequate fundamentals to perform for the course.... Read More Potential students should be prepared that 3 hours lesson a week will not be sufficient to complete the course.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Attending DS101, and thereafter DS102. DS102 focused more on the use of Pandas, visualizations and only half the lessons concentrated on the machine learning. More time should be allocated on machine learning. Would have preferred to learn how to inbuild... Read More programming knowledge learnt to software such as PowerBI or to teach how to build interactive visualizations.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Lessons are well structured overall and the instructors are very patient in explaining topics. They are also easy to approach both during class and after class, as we attempt the question sets and reports. Overall, it is a good experience and I have learnt... Read More alot over these 7 weeks.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Course was generally informative and I learnt a lot from it. Definitely recommended for people who are interested and want to know more about using python. I learnt that python is a really useful language for data analytics and will definitely pursue... Read More it furtherRead Less,hackwagon-academy
This program is very helpful in assisting me to learn the basic concepts of Python and Machine Learning. The course trainer is very articulate about the concepts and makes it simple for us to understand. It will be a very good course for learning about... Read More the fundamentals.The problem sets are slightly time consuming but it will definitely be worth it as it helps you to understand the idea.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Program was short but managed to learn many new things about programming. Instructors and teaching assistants were very helpful when we did not know how to code. Additionally, Problem sets were challenging and encouraged us to think out of the box. Would... Read More recommend!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I had zero knowledge of computer programming and was introduced to this course by a friend. It has been a fulfilling journey with the Hackwagon team. Weihan was the lecturer and I find him knowledgeable. He would use analogy to help layman like me understand... Read More the concept. Vin was my TA and he was very patient with me. The best part of my tutorials with Vin is I don't feel judged when I asked questions that would in my view, seemed stupid and it encourages me to asked anything that came to my mind. I enjoyed the entire learning process and have learnt more than I thought I would have when i first signed up. I am very thankful that I signed up with them.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Hackwagon did an extremely good job in explaining complicated programming code into layman terms for student / adult learners who does not have prior knowledge of programming. I attempt to do programming as a minor in one of our local university, but... Read More I gave up previously due to the complicated taught in school. However, Hackwagon is able to translate into a structured and manageable learning approach, and you are able to apply the concept in actual AirBnb / Lazada / SG Data Gov data. The instructors and teaching assistants are also very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful and this makes learning alot more easier :) If you are looking into learning programming, consider Hackwagon! I guarantee you will not regret your choice and decision.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Started with 0 knowledge on Python. The content is very progressive and there are weekly assignments given to apply the knowledge learnt in class in different scenarios. The guidance provided by the team is excellent, the TAs are very responsive when... Read More there is a query, and the right amount of guidance is given to guide the student on the right path without giving away the answer. Overall, the experience and knowledge gained are both very positive. Would definitely recommend DS101.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The pros are that the course goes very in depth into the basics of data science and covers everything up to almost an intermediate level. The teaching staff were very supportive and despite my busy schedule i could contact them any time of the day and... Read More ask questions/ consult them. The materials provided were also detailed and clear. One con would be that the course could be slightly longer so as to ensure it is not rushed.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed the learning process! The instructors are super helpful and detailed in explaining the many different functions of Python. There are lab exercises to complete after each lesson and these will be counted towards your final... Read More grade. Not to worry if you are stuck at a lab questions because I consulted my Teaching Assistant multiple times and his explanations most definitely helpful in clearing my doubts.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: I think the workbook, practices, kahoots and labs are really helpful for me to reinforce my learnings. The instructor is really detailed and the TAs are really helpful too. I had a great learning experience! Cons: Online class make it slightly harder... Read More to learn as I need to split screen and the codes may be too small for me to see sometimes.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I'd highly recommend Hackwagon to anyone looking to learn something new or to hone their skills. I went from 0 at the start of the course to 100 by the end of the course (DS102). I feel more confident than before about my programming skills and even more... Read More confident I can stay competitive in the market. Instructors and TAs are superb, patient, extremely knowledgeable, and always available to help us throughout the bootcamp. I graduated from college with almost no real experience in programming. Thankfully for Hackwagon, all that has changed!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course curriculum was great as it slowly build up from basic to intermediate concepts. The lab exercises were very concise and comprehensive. I also enjoyed working on the airbnb mini project as the project was interesting. It was great seven-week... Read More I have spent because I have learned the python knowledge that kickstart my career transformation. I am looking forward to take DS102 course to move towards my career transformation into analytic jobs. So, thank you Hackwagon Academy and the teaching instructors.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"this program will help in the future. with this knowledge, it will give me an edge over others when finding a job in the future as this will be helpful in the future. even though it is just a basic course, it will still be able to help me in the future.... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
good insight to python. managed to grasp some basic concepts and understanding! They provide extra classes/remedials for us and special mention to our TAs for helping! Good real time experiences and it does help us and hopefully we can use it in real... Read More life scenarios.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"I had great experience learning basic Python coding with Hackwagon in DS101. The Instructor and TAs were knowledgeable and taught well. The pace of the lessons were also manageable for someone without much coding background. Overall, will recommend Hackwagon... Read More coding courses to others.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Reliable and good course outline.Instructors are very clear and precise with their teaching methods.The weekly assignments helped to make sure that our understanding is in line to what's taught in class. The teaching pace was just right as well.Even though... Read More the classes had to be carried out online due to the Covid situation, it was done in an orderly fashion.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Good Lecture content &amp; practice that reinforce what was learn in class but lessons might be a bit difficult for people with zero programming background as it covers too many topics within the seven weeks. Will definitely recommend Hackwagon to friends.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"I enjoyed the the course as the instructor was articulate, confident, patient and answered our queries well. The teaching assistant was also patient and went the extra mile to guide us in the practices and assignments. The course content was well organised... Read More and the use of real datasets helped us see how coding can be applied in industry.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The curriculum seems well-planned and thorough, from the in-class teaching examples to in-class self practice and take-home labs. I thought I would struggle with the course but Danielle did a fantastic job of explaining everything step by step -- the... Read More pace was perfect for a complete newbie like me. She was also very attentive to comments in the chats. The TAs were very approachable and available to help with any IT issues or questions about the course as well. My TA, Vera, held useful consultations and I appreciated her readiness to answer my questions via Telegram. I think what's best about this course is how hands-on it is, that we are meant to practice our code as the instructor teaches instead of just watching her go through ppt slides or something. Thanks for all your hard work!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course covers programming basics within 7 weeks, and also incorporates real-life applications by using real-life datasets. Course work is manageable for full-time working adults but remains effective. The availability of TAs for consultation is also... Read More useful to help students with our respective problems in assignments. With the subsidies available, it is a good and cost-effective course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The lectures are done at a good pace for those without any background in programming. Lectures and content are easy to understand and the lecturers and TA's are very helpful in clarifying any content and doubts. Highly recommended for those who want to... Read More get into programming.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Due to current jobscope, was looking at a simple program to learn more about data analytics. Scoured through the Internet and with friends' recommendations, found this lesson plan to follow through to get a taste of data analytics. Highly recommended... Read More for beginners!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Hands-on experience to try analysing data on our own. Good introductory class. I Enjoyed the instructors' class and TA's helpful consults. Besides that, the TA Vera was very helpful to help even outside of consult time,. Really appreciate that. Good job... Read More to the team.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I have learnt a lot on what is programming even though this is a foundation course. It gives me insights to how we can extract data and get whatever we are interested in with the specific codes. I believe a lot of job scopes require such technical skills,... Read More it will be helpful for me in the future in securing a job.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I have previous experience with Python through my university classes. Hackwagon provided me a chance to practice what I know and apply to real life datasets. Felt that it was not too easy that I would have not gained any knowledge, but just right that... Read More I was able to still practice and refine my coding knowledge. Recommended even for those of you who may have taken some beginner Python courses before.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I was recommended to enrol for the Data Science 101 course via word-of-mouth from a good friend of mine. Without prior programming background in Python, the course was taught via an interesting and engaging approach. Although learning experience was not... Read More able to be conducted physically, I felt online lessons were still delivered effectively.The instructors and teaching assistants are friendly and approachable. I feel comfortable voicing my concerns and seeking further assistance. I recommend this course who will like to learn Python programming from a beginner level! You will definitely learn much and feel it useful!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Really informative and useful for Python Beginners, who totally have no background! A good skill to have in the 21st century for students, graduates and working adults! Hackwagon did a great job in the materials and the way they conduct the sessions.",hackwagon-academy
Pros - Informative- Exercises are fun to do- Instructors are skilled and good at explaining- Teaching Assistants are helpful- Projects uses real-world data- Lets you understand how programming worksCons- Solo work- Online (due to the COVID-19 situation)... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Requires effort to practise to understand better.Can be difficult to understand on the first round. Requires some revision.Good practical exercises.Comprehensive contents.Teaching was patient and engaging.Covers everyone’s queries.Timely marked assignments... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"I entered Data-science 101 with very limited knowledge of python but after entering their course. Week by Week, the course slowly built up my knowledge and experience with the programming language. My instructor was really good and gave us a lot real-life... Read More examples of how it can be implemented and how programming can handle big data with ease. All in all, i highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to enter this course by Hackwagon!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The instructor(Jack Neo) is very knowledgeable and very patient in addressing the questions raised by the students. It has a good coverage for the basics in data science. With the in-class practices, homework and the project provided it helped us to better... Read More visualise the train of thoughts and way to code.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Got a first hand experience on what Data Science is about. Had a lot of interesting and fun times spent with my friends learning about the topic. Believe that this could add a flair to my Business Degree. The instructor explains the concepts very clearly... Read More and it is highly recommended!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
I spent 7 weeks on the DS101 course. While I did not find the tasks to be all too challenging (due to having a history in computer science) I found the course to be extremely well taught and conducted. The Instructors and TA's were always informative... Read More and ready to help.Overall for beginners the DS101 course is amazing.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The program was very useful since it allowed us to try out different projects with real sets of data. The lessons were very engaging and allowed us to follow the instructor easily. The teaching assistants were very willing to help during our class as... Read More well as with our take home labs.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Managed to gain a clear understanding on the basics of python through multiple practice assignments, both during class and out of class as homework, and a short project that helped me get a better understanding of how python is used in actual projects... Read More through the use of pandaRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"The modules are enriching, however too fast pace in the class and too many students resulting in instructor inability to answer to every student's question. Course outline should also indicate pre-requisite requirements for students before attending this... Read More course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"DS101 from Hackwagon was overall an enjoyable experience that helped set the foundation for learning Data Science in Python. The course not only covered the basics of Python, it also explored how to think in a logical manner. Their website is also simple... Read More and intuitive to use, something which was very important in light of COVID-19 when all interactions were migrated online, including the distribution of materials and lectures conducted by the teacher. The material got progressively more challenging as the weeks went by and more concepts were introduced yet it was linked back to materials learnt prior. This made the course much easier to follow as we built upon our new found knowledge. I particularly like the fact that this course tried to incorporate real world data into their questions, exemplifying the practicality of the skills learnt and gearing students up for what's to come in the future and what they may expect down the road in their Data Science journey.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
It has been really fun and useful to learn the basics of Python in this course! I enjoyed how the course was structure to make it easy to understand for complete beginners and appreciated how the TAs were always there to help solve issues. Thank you to... Read More Thomas and the wonderful TAs for their help during this course.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros : Online classes starts on time and will run through previous week's work. Recorded classes for unlimited replay times. Helpful TAsCons: A little difficult to catch up if you have no coding experience as some lessons seems a little too packed. Have... Read More to review the videos recordingRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"Coming from an SMU-background, the lessons taught were in line with the SMU style lessons. 3 hours long, with short breaks and the TA and Instructors engages you to be vocal with regards to any issue. I am thankful that the TA is very knowledgeable and... Read More patient that they are willing to reply to my questions late into the night. Sometimes the lesson did feel too fast for a new coder like myself but all in all, it is manageable. I appreciate the materials distributed in class as it is some of the most comprehensive and detailed Python materials seen, much better than some of my school's notes. Very thankful and appreciative to be in the class and would like to continue to 102 during the next summer.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros:Short clearly structured lessonsLessons were conducted by an Instructor and assisted by at least 2 active teaching assistants that helped the students promptly to address any issues that the students have had encountered in class.Cons:The assignments... Read More are challenging to complete.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Lesson materials were good and the instructor was very engaging even though it was conducted online. Lessons were all recorded so that we could review them and the teaching assistant also regularly held consultation sessions and was open to us messaging... Read More us our queries. Overall good experience.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Attended DS101 this summer and had tons of fun learning about the basics of data science. Helpful instructors and TAs are available to answer any queries you may have throughout your learning process. Can't wait to begin applying what I learnt in my projects/future... Read More jobs!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"teaches very in dept yet clearly, easy to understand. They have a very wide range of topic that is being covered. The teacher is very professional and humorous. Most importantly, given that it is a online learning and teaching format, immediate support... Read More were given.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I like that it covered a lot of the basic phyton knowledge and it was put forward in a palatable manner. It is also a good number of sessions but I feel that the hours were a little long. Maybe it is just that I have a shorter attention span but 3 hours... Read More is pretty long and the break is pretty short.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros: - Lecturer and TAs are always there to help you and they are able to explain the concepts very clearly. Learning coding seems like learning a new language and it really helps to have someone guiding you throughout and offering you extra help for... Read More you to achieve the course objectives.Cons:- Some concepts may be too abstract sometimes and the progress may be a little fastRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"Pros:- Good introduction to Data Science - Learn many new techniques if you are unfamiliar- Many practice questions to try- Fun project at the end of the course- Very good support system from tutors, each tutor takes care of a few students and answers... Read More almost all the questions we asekdCons:- Basic concepts taught, no time for in depth analysisRead Less",hackwagon-academy
The course was well structured and taught by instructors who knew their stuff. They were very helpful whenever we had any questions and they were very easy to reach despite the class being held entirely online due to the ongoing covid-19 situation. Thank... Read More you for class!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"The overall course content is great. It covers basics like numpy and pandas, and also covers visualizations using matplotlib.Intermediate topics like NLP, web-scraping, and some machine learning models (Naive Bayes, Linear Regressions, K-Means, Decision... Read More Trees etc. ) were also covered, which provides students with a balanced skill to go about data-related projects.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: comfortable lesson pace, manageable homework, knowledgeable instructor and TAs. web scrapping and text mining parts are really interestingCons: Zoom, course not long enough to learn more detailedly?Suggestions: could have more content on machine... Read More learning!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Fast and responsive teaching teams that will tackle the questions fast. Questions set are really good and that they cover the lesson materials sufficiently and in enough depth. 1 not so good thing was that the course was too fast may be 1 more lesson... Read More might be useful for learning and knowledge retentions.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Hackwagon is one the courses which I would gladly pay money to attend in real life for. It is much better than online courses due to the rigid course structure that must be adhered to if you wish to get a good grade.Lessons are broken down into simple... Read More to digest snippets. And problem sets reinforce the learning afterwardsWorking together with different people on group projects helped trained me to work cohesively in a team. And to accomplish goals togetherRead Less,hackwagon-academy
There are a lot of hands-on exercises and we can get to analyse real-life data as well. Very interesting course content and I gained lots of new insights from it. Very helpful instructors and teaching assistants to guide the students. Definitely recommended... Read More to join!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"i believe that i not only learned more about coding as a whole. however, ds101 has taught me to be patient when it comes to coding as i have encountered may challenges throughout this 7 week journey. in addition, i would also want to thanks the helpful... Read More assistants who were able to help me when i needed help.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"No cons, I learnt how programming can be applicable for data analytics which I would definitely want to implement in my work. I think the initial techniques to troubleshoot data using if, for, while, do, and other functions was very useful and the CIETU... Read More framework was useful too.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Great Course. This is a brilliant course that enables us to do well in terms of learning digital skills in the future. I am happy and I have learnt a far bit in this course in terms of Python, and Data Analysis. This will be valuable experience for me... Read More in the future.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The instructor and teaching assistants were very experienced and were very patient in sharing their knowledge. Hackwagon Academy really planned the curriculum very well especially for beginners like myself. The exercises and pace of delivery is excellent.... Read MoreI am finally able to use Python to do something useful in the real world.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Gave me a very good grounding in Python basics. I thoroughly understood the concepts and learnt how to apply it in future. It was good because we actually learnt to apply the knowledge to real life datasets. The support from the TAs was also timely and... Read More helpful.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"TA Jerald is very helpful and reachable throughout the course. Course wise, I feel that more could have been taught throughout the course especially since it feels like we are learning very little stuff in 7 weeks. I understand that some students might... Read More be harder to catch up but its quite unfair for those who are faster.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros - lessons are structured and clear. Easy to follow mostly. Although the assignments gets harder each week (esp week 4 onwards), it was a great learning experience. The teaching assistants are very prompt and supportive throughout the course!Cons... Read More - not really. But because of the Covid-19 situation, online learning can be harder as compared to face-to-face lessons.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Instructor and teaching assistant was helpful and guided us along the way. Instructor was thoughtful and made sure everyone was at the same pace and slowed down if needed. The entire course was paced nicely. Although personally felt that the entire course... Read More was very short.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"DS101 course was taught well and covers the basics of Data Analytics using Python.Instructors were clear and concise in teaching and guided the students well.Due to the covid-19 situation, lessons were taught online and the platform used were working... Read More well.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The data analytics course was very meaningful and I learnt many new skills. I would appreciate if the course could give me directions on how I can further explore this area to dig deeper. I look forward to joining DS102. Sometimes the lessons are quite... Read More rushed, perhaps the time can be better managed.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Due to Circuit Breaker restriction, initially I was a bit worried about the outcome of having the lesson conducted on zoom.Surprisingly, it ran smoothly on the 2nd lesson onward! Our group has been assigned with a helpful and friendly assistant. My TA... Read More has the zoom session conducted every twice a week! It wasn't an intensive course such as 8 hours/day for a week which I'd think it's a bit exhausted. Generally, I was able to complete the weekly's assignment and final project in time. I learned how to prepare data, clean data, explore data, data analysis in Python and lastly, visualize it using different Python's libraries!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course was not an easy one, but despite the steep learning curve, I was able to catch up with the help of my teachers. The content was made easy to understand through the slides and quizzes. The course has made me interested in cyber security and... Read More want to learn more about this in the future. I have thoroughly enjoyed myself and will definitely recommend this course to my peers.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"pros: able to learn new tools related to cybersecurity and stuff related to cybersecurity and able to learn concept on cybersecurity and have a little practice on cybersecuritycons: need to have more practical session, for online session sometimes is... Read More too rushRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"The instructor, Tim, was very knowledgeable in his area and most importantly, he was able to break complex ideas down for people without prior IT knowledge to be able to digest. As someone with rudimentary experience in IT, I was able to follow the lessons... Read More and apply the concepts to the various labs and exercises that were provided to us. The CTF section at the end of the course really helped to reinforce what we have learnt over the past 7 weeks. The other TAs were also proactive and helpful in clarifying our doubts and especially so where they have a TA assigned to each mini-group for easier learning/consultation post-class. 10/10 would recommend.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The pace of the lectures are fast and the content is heavy. Be prepared to keep focus for 3 hrs on relatively intense coding. However, at the end of the course, you would have gained a wealth of knowledge and a deeper appreciation of coding. Highly recommend... Read More for people who are interested in programming and analysing/reviewing datasets.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
it was easy to follow and the TAs were very willing to help when you face issues. however there wasn't much practice for the last 2 lessons to apply what we have learnt. it would have been great if we got more practice questions for the last 2 lessons.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
A complete course for newbies to programming to learn basic skills all the way to data visualisation abilities with proper knowledge and structure of thinking thanks to the guided labs and lessons and the support of the professor and the teaching assistants.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"Pros: it was very easy to follow, especially for a beginner like me with no prior coding knowledge. I definitely am more confident and are more equipped with Python after this course. I like that it is well-spaced out, 4 labs and one project to test our... Read More knowledge.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"This Hackwagon programme was enriching and insightful. As someone who does not really like doing things like coding due to how complicated it can get, I learnt a lot particularly from the assignments that were given. The TAs were also always ready to... Read More lend a hand whenever we had doubts or questions and even took time out of class to provide consultations for those who needed extra assistance.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Hackwagon provided a good platform to learn Data Science. They moved at a pace that was not too fast for beginners such as myself. I learnt the language of Python in relation to Data Science and how to understand and visualise data given to me. It was... Read More not too taxing as well since we only had 1 3h lecture a week and only 1 lab to complete per week for the first 5 weeks.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Awesome and great guiding, comprehensive learning experience with consultation and homework. Engaging tutor and friendly teaching assistants to help out after class hours. Go through in-depth with detail. Love the course highly recommend beginners to... Read More do this course and benefit from it greatly.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The data science courses at Hackwagon allowed me to experience the world of data science. The instructors here are really dedicated and patient. For someone like me who have absolutely no programming background, I was able to follow the lessons all thanks... Read More to the dedications of the instructors. Thank you!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Great introduction to Python, well structured class, Easy to understand the Prof, TAs were patient and responsiveCons: The Prof's time management is not so good, tends to rush through some stuff and leave too much time for practice/ ends class early.... Read More The take home assignment is sometimes way different from what is taught in class.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"As a new learner in python, Hackwagon has provided me with the skills and explanation for python programming. The course was well paced and instructors/TA always ensure that we are on keeping up with the class. Thank you for the great learning experience... Read More for a first-timer like me!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Due to Covid19, the course had to be brought online. It was to my pleasant surprise that bringing the course online did not bring much disruption to the class, since Hackwagon was well-prepared! The instructor updated the in-class-practices(filled in)... Read More periodically throughout the class, there were always teaching assistants on standby to answer any queries, and we were given the chance to arrange for zoom meetings with the assigned teaching assistant to clarify any doubts after classes!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The tutor Mr Thomas O'Dell was able to teach very well and engaged in many interesting facts throughout the classes. His pace and content was excellent, in a way where students can follow easily. I really enjoyed his classes and looked forward to it every... Read More week. Super fun!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Course was very detailed yet succinct and the instructors were very patient and understanding. Definitely a course to attend as the high quality materials were provided to ensure ease of learning. I have enjoyed this course thoroughly and I think others... Read More should join too.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Hackwagon DS101 is very informative as it teaches you the basic principles while at the same time have practice question to allow you to apply those basic principles through different form of questions. The teaching assistants assigned are also very helpful... Read More in answering any questions asked and are more than willing to help anytime. Beginners with no experience also do not need to have any fear to attend these lessons since help is always available.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"This programme has given a good introduction to what is python programming, developing the students skills from scratch. The curriculum is well paced to ensure that all students are able to catch-up and follow through the lesson plan. The instructor is... Read More also well versed in communicating the programming language, using simple terms to explain the complicated codes.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I really enjoyed the Hackwagon DS101 classes! The instructor was very clear when explaining the concepts and the tutor was prompt to reply any questions. They constantly encourage us to think about the codes ourselves. The structure of the classes is... Read More also very well planned.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Great introduction to the basics of python programming and application of basic code to data visualisation! The instructors are articulate and knowledgable about the python environment and the various popular libraries. The instructors, as well as teaching... Read More assistants, are also able to explain concepts in layman terms while introducing the programming-specific terms to participants. Highly recommended course for students and NSFs in Singapore with subsidies.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"It is a really comprehensive and interesting experience. Really learnt a lot through this and looking forward to my next course! The instructor has been really patient and explains really well, making it very easy for me to understand!! Highly recommend... Read More this to anyone interested in learning Python!!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Knowledgeable instructor who breaks down and explains concept easily. Managed to pick up coding without any prior background and how it can be useful. First time having it online which was quite different from f2f, but the recorded videos helped me out... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"I think it has been an extremely pleasant experience learning programming from Hackwagon. There is almost no point in time where I feel lost or confused about coding concepts. The recorded lecture was a great help and bonus for my learning as whenever... Read More I could not catch it during class, I could always refer back to the videos. Special shoutout to Yu Siang, my TA, who went above and beyond conducting weekly tutorials lasting over 3 hours. He also made an effort to clarify concepts in class and to teach it in a more layman's term. He also sent us special online materials that would aid us in our programming journey beyond the course. He is extremely approachable and responsive whenever we have questions on the course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Due to Covid, we had online lessons instead of physical ones. But the online classes weren't ""harder to learn"", ""less engagement"", all that. We had our lessons via Zoom, the instructor answered the live questions we raised, and there were virtual consults... Read More with our TAs as well. The actual class helps you get the basic codes, but tbh the TA consults helped me to understand most. My TA broke everything down into simple concepts and analogies.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Despite being online lessons and consultations, the instructors and the team are really committed to helping us understand python in layman terms, Went in the course not knowing anything and came out being much much more proficient than I thought would... Read More be. TA Wei Ming has been a great help in clarifying my doubts as wellRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Hackwagon offers high quality courses with their qualified instructors and teaching assistants who are always patient and responsive to every student's questions. They've created a welcoming learning environment and would strongly encourage their students... Read More to clarify their doubts if any at any point of time, even after the scheduled class timings. Assignments were based off real-life examples that are relevant to the common person. All round a great learning environment!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Attended Hackwagon Academy's python programming 101 and it was a great experience. Despite the whole virtual learning situation, information was taught in a very easy-to-understand manner and exercises targeted at testing important concepts which elevated... Read More the learning experience. Overall, I managed to pick up many things from this beginner course and it was a great introduction to Python.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"More confidence in understanding Python programming language, understanding the uses of Python programming language and how to apply Python programming language for different scenarios. All in all, the experience is good and has broaden my knowledge towards... Read More Python programmingRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"I took the ds101 course and I highly recommend the course to anyone new to python programming. Instructors were patient and were able to simplify and explain abstract concepts. What I especially like is that we were given real-world data sets to work... Read More on, hence we were able to apply our skills in a real-world context and that allows us to have more experience working with python. I highly recommended this school for those taking their first step in programming.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Quite a lot of content to cover in 7 weeks. The last 2/3 weeks were more difficult and overwhelming. The week 7 lesson made some of the course items look simpler. The instructor was a bit fast at times which made it hard to follow at times. I felt she... Read More could have waited/extend the time to do the practice questions (which she did later in the weeks).Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"This was my first time interacting with Python and it was a really enriching experience. The instructors, teaching assistants and staff here are very enthusiastic about making this enjoyable yet accessible to everyone (across all ages/occupations), and... Read More the pace and syllabus was really well planned out across the 7 lessons. From administrative information to content material, the staff at Hackwagon are all very ready to help and very patient in addressing your questions/concerns. Would definitely recommend this class if you are keen on learning Python and are new to it :)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Hackwagon DS101 has allowed me to learn the fundamentals of programming without having any prior knowledge in python programming at all. I get to apply my knowledge in many of the questions provided by the tutors which are relevant to real life problems.... Read More Will surely recommend this course, DS101 to anyone who wants to pick up basic programming and has no idea how to start.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The whole program was easy to follow, even with zero prior knowledge. Instructor Danielle explained each questions and examples in great details and easy to ask questions whenever in doubt. We were splitted into smaller groups with a TA assigned to each... Read More group. These small group consultations were very useful as we are encouraged to discuss and clarify doubts. Weekly practices and projects allow us to apply what we have learnt each week into play. The skills taught have been relevant and I urge all who are interested in data science to sign up for it! Thank you to the team!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Costly if there wasn't any subsidy. Quality of the teaching is good but edx.org may offer better quality classes for free. Due to it being remote due to Covid, i felt that the learning experience was not as good as compared to being in class. Furthermore,... Read More its fixed timeslot makes it less flexible than other online courses out there. However, Hackwagon main perk will be its 24/7 support from its TA and instructors.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: well structured lesson plans; good building of basic blocks; problems were difficult at times but not impossible; online experience was not interrupted very much; Shoutout to Ming Yi, who was very very helpful, supportive and patient. Answered questions... Read More promptly despite the late hours I was asking her at due to work. Cons: perhaps because of online, it does feel like the lessons are just telling us things, but we don't really know what we're doing until we start typing the code ourselves, and at that point it can feel overwhelming.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"My instructor is Danielle Thio, she is patient and she teaches well. Her pace is just nice, not too fast and not too slow. She try to explain complicated concepts in a simpler way that is easier to understand. She also try to share some tips so that it... Read More is easier for me to understand the concepts or how I should approach the question or problem.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Before starting the course, i have zero knowledge about python. However, each lesson were explained in detailed and the TAs are always there to assist us in times of needs. There are some nights where i had trouble solving my homework but the TAs were... Read More quick in responding to my messages. This really helps me to understand basic python in 7 lessons. Huge shout out to Victor TA who is there to assist us.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I enjoyed my experience in DS101 a lot and my TA Victor was so responsive to all my questions. Thank you so much Hackwagon for this and i will definitely introduce this course to my friends who are interested in either data science and CyberSecurity.... Read More Thank you Danielle and Victor!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Excellence course with detailed analysis and explanation regarding usage of python as well as real life applications. Learn alot regarding the uage of this programming language that will certaintly benefit our work/ projects in the future. Instructors... Read More were friendly as well.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"We had to do ds101 online due to covid, yet the quality of the content was still equally good and engaging. Weekly labs were also a great tool to check for understand of concepts and has got me intrigued to do my own research on the topic. Would absolutely... Read More recommend everyone to sign up for hackwagon courses.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
NO CONS ONLY PROS! EXCELLENT course with wonderful instructor and TAs that are very helpful! They made coding sounds so fun and enjoyable ^^The only is I take it during covid and do not have chance try their amazing dinners! My friends say their dinner... Read More is very good!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Instructor and TAs are very friendly and approachable, always extending a helping hand and answering questions promptly. They were very well-versed and able to answer any questions, guiding us through the process and also making sure to highlight areas... Read More that we had to be more cautious of. Overall, a great experience and I truly enjoyed this learning process.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Lesson was fun and interactive (from what could be expected from an online course due to the COVID-19 pandemic). The tutors were approachable and friendly, always willing to answer their students' questions. It was a good experience overall. Would take... Read More future courses with them in the future.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Friendly teaching team who are willing to go the extra mile to make sure you understand the concepts. Though learning to code can be quite daunting, but the lessons and complex concepts are taught in a way that allows students to grasp the Python language... Read More with ease. I also enjoyed the weekly recap, Kahoot quizzes, and various assortment of LABS to practise.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Hackwagon Academy has not only knowledgable Lecturers but also have really helpful Teaching assistants that will not hesitate to spare some free time to guide students through any uncertainty or conceptual misunderstanding. Notes given out has also been... Read More really detailed with occasion examples demonstrating how the skills acquired can be applied in the workforce. It has also further served to pique my interest in the topic of computer ScienceRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"There were a lot of assistance rendered, the instructors are always available and provided consultation sessions to make sure questions were clarified. The pace of the lessons are just nice, although there were a few times it was faster than expected.... Read More Sufficient mini breaks to allow digestion of the concepts.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The lesson is really very enriching, since I am totally new towards programming, the lesson allow me to understand better about programming from scratch. The teaching assistance is really helpful when approached with questions and are always willing to... Read More help.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"TA, instructor, and content are all excellent! Really enjoyed my time at hackwagon and learnt a lot. Even though the course happened amidst the COVID-19 situation, the team manage to change the lessons to e-lessons efficiently and provided a good experience... Read More for us; making sure that we are not short-changed. The TAs also go the extra mile to help us with our work! Really would recommend hackwagon to anyone who is interested!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"This program is suitable for beginners with no python knowledge. They basically guide you step by step every week, with extra practices to take home. Instructors are friendly too. Offering help even though no one requested for it. Hence, I will recommend... Read More anyone interested in python to join this.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Im loving the consultation with my TA to give me an in depth explanation on my code problems. The lessons with my lecturer has also been very very insightful. He gives us new perspectives to look at , to understand how the way code works in a more exciting... Read More and understandable way.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Some of the pros are that it's very easy to visualise the different codes especially since the instructors drew out diagrams to actualise the different processes behind the codes. Another pro is that the instructors are very friendly and frequently ask... Read More us if we have any questions as well as hosting consultations.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros: 1) Well structured curriculum 2) Lab exercises (homework) were well designed to help students practise and test concepts Cons: 1) Pace of the lesson online was fast 2) Instructor not engaged with students 3) Lab exercises were challenging and TAs... Read More provided minimal assistance 4) Course fees unjustified based on quality of lesson and instructorsRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Overall a very good introduction course to python. Detailed and structured lessons with very good support from the staff. Able to clear any doubts after every lessons. Even though it wasnt classroom based but learning online was pretty seamless with minimal... Read More technical problems.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Lessons were interesting and easy to comprehend, even as a beginner. Instructors also did their best in shifting the lessons online in the midst of the whole covid situation, and the online lessons were easily accessible and conducive as well. ... Read MoreCons: Tough to get a slot in the class, slots get filled up really quicklyRead Less",hackwagon-academy
I would say the pros are that there are a lot of instructors to help you along when you are unsure and the lesson is being conducted in a manner where it is easy to understand and follow for beginners with the right amount of concepts taught in each lesson.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
This course is great for beginners (like myself). The instructors and teaching assistants are very patient and guide through each lesson very clearly so it was easy to follow along and learn! The take home assignment segment was a great platform to learn... Read More as well :)Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Pros:- Instructors and TAs are all very passionate and knowledgeable.- Curriculum is well-designed to give beginners a good insight.- Instructor will always check if you are following the lesson and encourage feedbacks.Cons:- Due to CB, the online learning... Read More experience might not be as conducive as actual lesson setting.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"It was an eye opening course, gain a higher understanding about python. I feel that the teacher for DS101 course is very knowledgeable and confident. He was able to break down difficult concepts into smaller and more understandable parts which helps beginners... Read More like me to grasp new concepts easily.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"With a dedicated team who aims to make students' experience enjoyable, they were able to adapt well to pushing the classes online during the period of circuit breaker. They even went the extra mile to ensure that help was constantly available during the... Read More course by having multiple consultation slots over the week. Lessons were always enjoyable with a knowledgeable tutor who conducts the class in a well-paced manner, and is able to simplify complex concepts. Never been so interested in learning data science until I joined Hackwagon. Would highly recommend!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Teaching was clear, materials were systematic and instructor / teaching assistants were highly responsive. Had no prior knowledge of coding but am now more confident to use code for basic data visualisation and analysis. Particularly liked that the course... Read More was application-based.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"My experience in DS101 was a really pleasant, enjoyable and meaningful one.1. It's suitable for people with absolutely no experience with coding at all. 2. Instructors and TAs are always approachable and helpful, most importantly they reply really fast?!?!... Read More3. I thought the assignments aka labs were set appropriately, with relevant questions useful for self-assessment. 4. Every lesson was well-paced and materials were sufficient and well-designed, the team also provided opportunities for out-of-class learning for curious minds. 5. Even in trying times as such, lessons were still delivered promptly and smoothly, and if anything I felt that they over-compensated haha.In short, I really enjoyed and learnt a great deal in the short 7-weeks programme. Thank you for all the hardwork! :DRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Their lessons were engaging and all of their TAs were friendly and approachable. In addition, the TAs were patience during consultation despite being a slow learner. The curriculum was applicable for data analysts and I did learnt more on data filtering... Read More as well as plotting different graphs for data illustrations. Overall, the course was helpful and engaging to those who wants to learn python as well as data analysis.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Great course. Materials were good, teacher and teaching assistants were of great help. Although the course would have been much better in real life as online makes the dynamics of the class different and the speed and interaction part wasn't available.... Read More Nevertheless, great job by the TAs and teacher for always replying my queries promptly when I had.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Despite the COVID-19 situation affecting the presence of face-to-face lessons, the teaching team had really gone the extra mile to ensure that the lesson given online was extremely informative and palatable, especially for beginners. There were multiple... Read More online consultation sessions for those with queries and the instructors went through various concepts in depth, clearing up any doubts. Highly recommended for anyone with a keen interest in learning data science!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course was structured, which made learning Python a lot easier as compared to if I were to learnt it online myself. The TAs have been very responsive and helpful in answering my queries be it content or administrative matters. I thought the use of... Read More real-life data was very useful in showing us how we could apply what we have learnt in real-life. Perhaps one area to improve is that I thought the lesson pace was sometimes too fast (e.g. Lesson 6) for beginners like us -- while doing the course online allow rewinding, it would probably be harder to do so if it were a face-to-face course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The instructor and teaching assistants were really prompt and helpful in responding to questions and created a safe and fun environment to learn. Course was well structured as well! I thoroughly enjoyed the lessons and the assignments helped to wrap up... Read More each lesson's learning objectives and reinforce concepts.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"This was my first bootcamp course i have ever attended, and honestly, it was worth my time! Surprsingly, unlike many other bootcamps, this course was very detailed and didn't rush through the content to wrap up the curriculum quickly. I also appreciate... Read More the time and dedication put in by the instructors to readily respond to my questions and guide me along in this journey.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course provides you with a good foundation of what you need to know and how you can use resources to continue a journey as a data scientist. The course instructors are almost available 24/7 and very responsive. You can always ask them questions and... Read More they take the effort to make sure you learn it well. The only difficult part comes from the student themselves.. if you have no programming background, they teach you and to be well at it you have to just keep practicing everyday. I would highly recommend this as a starter for all ages.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
DS101- Totally engaging and enjoyable course. Boon Yan and the TA are excellent trainers and have provided excellent support during the course.It covers sufficient depth and provide insights to the next course. Looking forward to DS 102 on machine learning... Read More and data mining.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"The course was very easy to follow for a beginner, instructors are friendly and approachable as well. Queries are also answered promptly. Would recommend for anyone with no background and looking to learn Python, I think it is useful and great for foundation.... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Great Introductory course to python, explained in a way that a complete beginner can understand. It transitions really slowly such that a complete beginner will be able to code somewhat proficiently by the end of this short yet effective 7-week course.... Read MoreFurthermore, the assignments and projects are based off real life data problems which make it all the more applicable and helpful for us to see how we will be able to apply our knowledge to real world scenarios.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Amazing insight to coding, helpful TAs, great exposure to AI careers. Excellent place for those who want to learn programming language. DS101 is easy to understand and the lessons provided by Hackwagon is informative. Instructors and TAs are friendly... Read More and are very willing to assist you whenever you encounter any issue with your code or if you have any queries. Definitely enjoyed my time there and will totally recommend it to my friends. They provide immediate help despite non working hours, this shows that they are very passionate about their field of interest!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"It was good to have the instructions being helpful in multiple ways including in class activities, checks during lesson and also consultations for those who need help. It was a shame that physical lessons could not be conducted due to the current situation... Read More but the instructions did well conducting it online.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Good opportunity with attentive instructors, will cater to everybody's needs, and clarify every single doubts even outside of class or consultation hours via telegram.Cons: Might not suit everybody, pace might be a bit fast for some, even though... Read More can ask to slow down.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
This programme is enjoyable and does not take a lot of time. The curriculum content is manageable as well. One thing that stands out is the patience of the TAs and instructors and their willingness to help all the time. This programme has also equipped... Read More me with the necessary basic coding skills for application in my future work.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"This course has introduced me to python, which i have been trying to learn. Through this informative and educational course, I have mastered the foundations of python and i feel very satisfied. I like how the instructors and TA's are very quick to respond... Read More to any questions we have, and are very patient with us.However, the only bad thing about this course is that we have online lessons. Physically lessons would be better if not for the covid-19 situationRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"The team is always ready to help, and are able to make things work even in trying situations. Even though lessons were forced to be made online, I didn't feel that I lagged behind or couldn't catch up. The alternatives provided were more than sufficient.... Read More The content was also very relatable and relevant to me, this made the learning experience much more enjoyable.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros:The course is a good introduction to Python programming and simple data visualisation.Instructor goes through and explains the content well so that it is easy to understand.Many avenues to seek help from instructors if there is any difficulty in... Read More understanding the syllabus.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Guided throughout the way which gives sense of confidence which in turn gives motivation to learn for new beginners like us who find programming daunting. However, with that being said, I feel that some practices (some questions) do not need to have such... Read More furnished hints as to train as a programmer we need to be forced to think of the flow of programming logic by ourselves. We can be good at syntax but if we cant think of logic of how to code and have that mindset in built into us , it would not be that useful.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I learnt a lot about the basics of of python programming. Python is the first programming language that i learnt and i find that Hackwagon teaches it in a very systematic way that it is easy to understand how each of the basic functions, iterations etc... Read More work.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Well structured, comprehensive and simple to understand basic python course. Eye-opening experience. Instructors are approachable and helpful. Plenty of in-class exercises understand and revise topic and homework to check our knowledge. Effective in encouraging... Read More interest.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Excellent place to start learning Python at. Instructors are very well versed in their content. I also really appreciate the homework and industry-applicable project at the end of the course that helps you track your progress in Python. The continuous... Read More practice given between lessons helps you hone your skillsRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"Hackwagon has provided a cohesive and simple to understand basic python course. Their lessons are well structured and effective in encouraging interest while displaying the usefulness and relation of Python in the modern day context. The instructors were... Read More helpful around the clock, answering minor or major queries. With more than 1 teaching assistants, the coaching was superb. Recommended to all who are looking at a beginner Python Introduction!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"pros: classes are clear and extremely informative, teacher is focused and extremely helpful. consultation slots available during the week for any other questions we have after class has endedcons:quite a lot to absorb in each class which is 3 hours long,... Read More but still very worth it as we can revise the contents after class.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The instructors are very helpful and there are a lot of practices to be done which helped to extend our learning further. The teachings are clear through youtube streams during the COVID-19 situation. The concepts are very thorough and the lessons are... Read More also well-paced.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros: Course was comprehensive and allowed me to pick up and understand Web development from scratch.Cons: Lessons for JavaScript and Ajax may have been a bit too quick. Was covered in 1 or 2 lessons while i feel it could have been stretched out over... Read More more lessons.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Very engaging learning experience w good facilitators which were kind and understanding and learnt a lot about web development. The instructors were very dedicated and helped the students out to the best of their capabilities. Would recommend to friends.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Highly recommended course for someone who want to learn about Web Dev!!! Food is good and instructor knows his stuff! Good industry knowledge and insightful applications! Course venue is also conducive and instructors are always ready to assist when we... Read More need help!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Learnt more about web development and had very helpful instructors, with thoughtful curriculum and notes.Plenty of in-class exercises to understand topic and homework to check our knowledge. Useful that lessons were recorded so that I can look back on... Read More the videos if i forgot certain notes Would recommend to others.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Really enjoyed the entire course! Instructors were very helpful and clear in their instructions. Free food during every lesson! Assignments were really useful in wrapping up whatever you have learnt. Really good that all lessons are webcasted! Pace of... Read More the lessons were good too, not too fast and not too slow.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Highly knowledgeable, truly dedicated instructor and TAs Instructor and TAs are experts in their own fields Super nice, friendly and patient instructors and TAsDelicious food provided at every lessonSupportive environment, with learners with a curious... Read More mindSuper satisfied with my 7 weeks there, will sign up for their other courses in future.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Good teaching, teachers with in-depth knowledge.Teachers and support team are all nice, friendly.Environment is good, facility is excellent, food is provided at every lesson.Worth every cents of the tuition fee.Roadmap for further development is provided... Read More clearly at the end of course, together with tips and tricks to gain personal success in the field.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I probably learned more about Full Stack here as compared to my uni module. Overall very great teaching and very knowledgeable TAs, they are willing to take their extra time to add on further materials or explanations on difficult topics. Classroom wise... Read More is pretty clean and conducive as well, with decent meal provided.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Interesting and easy to digest contentVery friendly student helpers and tutors Would love to more about React Node.JS EtcWould definitely recommend that to my friends and colleaguesThank you for teaching us Hackwagon Academy!!You guys have been great!!... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"the course teach the basic of web development, instructor gave layman termsBut hoping more examples can be shown in the lessons as such that there are few examples but it could be compile into one , instead of separating, but it depends on the course... Read More flowRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"I am a university student studying a course completely unrelated to Computer Science. I decided to take up the lessons at Hackwagon as computer coding has become increasingly important these days, and I thought it would be good for me to come and get... Read More some basic knowledge on it. I attended the DS101 class last year, which was an extremely good experience for me. The classes were definitely manageable for beginners. However, I must say that DS102 was extremely difficult to get through for a novice like me. The lessons were extremely fast paced, the content convered within each 3hour session was immense (my brain was fried after every lesson), and the homework was super tough to get through. I could spend 2 days attempting to do the homework and still not really get it. All-in-all, it's not impossible to get through this course, but I must say that the commitment you have to be willing to put in is quite high. (I have seen quite a few people in the course drop out). I personally bumbled about as I was really busy with my other commitments during my experience, and I wouldve wanted for it to be better than that!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Both individual and project assignments iterates what is learned during lesson. The lessons provide a basis and guidance for an individual to explore greater possibilities of solutions through research work to work on project assignments. However, the... Read More last couple of classes were a tad too fast.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Insightful to the knowledge of data analysts / scientists, does make me know more about what data science potential and its limitations. Despite working an environment with unlimited access to large financial data, with the current knowledge would not... Read More be ample enough for me to apply in my work.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course covered a variety of topics - which is essential for students to learn and understand Pandas It includes web scrapping, machine learning, data visualisation skills that is useful.",hackwagon-academy
Learn alot for the past 7 weeks in Hackwagon. Despite the relatively fast teaching pace due to the time constraint .I enjoyed my time here and learned a lot more about python and the different libraries and how to use each of them effectively.,hackwagon-academy
"Great to add a new skill, feels a little like I’ve learned only the tip of the iceberg but have come away feeling more comfortable finding out ways to code things from online resources.",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Good learning and lesson structure. Applications of concepts are emphasised, together with theory lessons taught at the beginning of each lesson. Professional, knowledgable and approachable teaching staff present to help students in class and outside... Read More of class hours.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Cons: - Superb learning environment and great teaching assistants! - Teaching material used was very applicable and relevant to real-life- Methods/concepts covered within class can be readily applied to assignmentsPros- The quality/teaching methods of... Read More the instructors were very varied though - some were significantly more engaging than othersRead Less,hackwagon-academy
The program brought us through the basics of Python visualisation using matplotlib and some machine learning methods like Naive Bayes classifier and decision tree. The classes were fast-paced and the assignments were challenging but not undoable. Not... Read More for the faint hearted.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
good introduction to data analysis in python and exposure to machine learning,hackwagon-academy
"Course was very informative and covered a wide range of topics, while using real life examples as teaching materials. Instructor and TAs were really helpful too!",hackwagon-academy
I love how its being taught here! Great experience! An eye opener!,hackwagon-academy
"Great course. Very nice instructor, TA and dinner. I look forward to the dinner every session. Sometimes I think that the dinners are already worth the course fee. Very good introduction to python and helps to equip the participant for data cleaning and... Read More exploratory analysis.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Good instructors and supportive TAs, good problem sets for practice and good food :)",hackwagon-academy
The program was well-paced and I can get a grasp of the contents easily as all the stuff were taught step-by-step. I like the fact that the completed practice and kahoot answers are all uploaded after classes. I do hope that the lab answers can be uploaded... Read More as well after each lab review.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Lessons were taught well and the instructor and teacher assistants were very helpful. However, as it is only a 7-week course, the pace of the lessons could be a little fast. Hence, students might have to revise the previous lessons before attending for... Read More the next lesson. Overall, it was a very enriching class and very suitable for people with no experience in computing.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Sessions are not interactive. Pros: Using latest technology &amp; tools. elearn portal for all materials and assignments are good. Thomas session was more interesting since it gave feel of working together. TA were responding faster in telegram. Post certificates... Read More in linkedin. Cons: Day 1 to Day 6 - it was like prerecorded and didnt kindle interest. Not interactive sessions with instructors and students. Most of assignments were repetative. In assignments if u make a mistake on Q1 then all go wrong.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"TA was clear and concise in explanation. As someone without any experience in the area, i gain insights on data science quickly. The course helped us practice our fundamentals while slowly teaching us more in depth knowledge. The labs at the end of every... Read More lesson helped reinforce my learning even more.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I attended took DS101 and it really helped me gained a better understanding of Python and data science! The instructors and TAs were very helpful, making the whole process extremely enriching.",hackwagon-academy
"I have Learnt something new, python is interesting, powerful and useful especially the visualization. It is helpful preparing slides for presentation of statistic. I am glad that i attended this course. I will surely recommend to friends and colleagues.... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros: 1. The lesson breakdown is easy to absorb and catch 2. TA are helpful when ever required 3. The materials and homework helps to reinforce the learning 4. Great food before lesson 5. Helpful online lesson to ask questions and reviewing basics of... Read More what we have learnt from python 6. Tutorials and project is practical and applicable. Cons: 1. NoneRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Interesting course to learn some basic about python. Coordinators are very patient,hackwagon-academy
Pros: 1. The lesson breakdown is easy to absorb and catch 2. TA are helpful when ever required 3. The materials and homework helps to reinforce the learning 4. Great food before lesson 5. Helpful online lesson to ask questions and reviewing basics of... Read More what we have learnt from python 6. Tutorials and project is practical and applicable. Cons: 1. NoneRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"Pros: get to learn the logic to solve data analytic problems (??), mentally stimulating. instructors/TA were very helpfulCons: homework is difficult",hackwagon-academy
"I was assigned a course instructor Danielle, she paced the class well and stopped when need. However for my last session I was assigned to another class for my make up. The instructor did not seem concerned that almost half the class was struggling to... Read More catchup. Despite this overall I enjoyed the course and recommend it to people who have some free time in their hands and want to learn something, weekly consistent effort is key.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
TAs were really patient with helping the students out. There is no worries of not knowing anything about python as it is beginner friendly. Homework is issued to make sure we understand the concept. Lectures are recorded to review lessons anytime we want.... Read More Dinner provided is really good.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Good content teacher is clear and accurate. The teacher takes time make sure each student understand the practice questions and goes around the class during breaks to clarify doubts. All in all I feel I have learnt a good skill which would help me in... Read More the futureRead Less,hackwagon-academy
This course has exposed me to the basics of Python and the functionalities. The incorporation of real life examples made things a lot more interesting as I got to understand how Python can be used for almost anything and everything. Instructions provided... Read More were logical and clear.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
DS101 gave me in-depth knowledge of Python. Kudos to the lecturer and teaching assistant during the lessons.,hackwagon-academy
Pros: - learnt data analytics - helped me exercise my brain - think more critically - breakdown problems - able to see real life applications - nice food - very caring tutors - able to sign up with friends - subsidised cons: - steep learning curve - homeworks... Read More are a struggle -Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros:Good structureConstructive homeworkGreat refreshmentsCons:Classroom pace may be a little fast for people with 0 programming knowledge,hackwagon-academy
"Good course. Good life skill. However, dedicated time is needed, especially for working personnel like me, to digest new coding concepts.",hackwagon-academy
The course had helped me better understand coding as someone with zero knowledge in coding.,hackwagon-academy
"Good course. Good life skill. However, dedicated time is needed, especially for working personnel like me, to digest new coding concepts.",hackwagon-academy
Pros - covers many aspects from intro of python programming to pratical data analyatic questions cons - classes are fast -paced,hackwagon-academy
Pros - covers many aspects from intro of python programming to pratical data analyatic questionscons - classes are fast -paced,hackwagon-academy
Pros: Learning Python as a new language Being able to break down real-world data into digestible chunks Cons: Classes are too late at night Quality of content covered dependent on instructor (not standardised),hackwagon-academy
"very interesting lessons taught by knowledgeable staff , although sometimes pace might be too fast for those who are not used to typing codes fast",hackwagon-academy
The course gives a good grasp on python data science basics.,hackwagon-academy
It provides a good exposure to the functions that are commonly used in the market which are very useful as they are specific to what we have to do. The TAs are helpful even outside of classroom and responded promptly to our questions which made learning... Read More easier.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros: Good overview of Python for beginners. Duration of 7 weeks is comfortable timeline for basis coverage. Cons: Could be more structured in terms of training materials. More explanation instead of requesting students to type in the codes from the start... Read More especially when the module gets more challenging towards the later sessions.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Course was comprehensive and clear, the teaching materials were well prepared and easy for learning",hackwagon-academy
"The course was well-structured. It taught both the technical coding and showed us the possible applications of the skills taught. This made the learning process much more engaging and enjoyable. There is much support offered, there being online classes,... Read More as well as being able to message the instructors for help at any time.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Good case studies to really put our skills to the test. Time consuming as I really sat down for hours cracking my head at the questions. But it paid off and I felt satisfied when I could eventually do all of it to perfection.,hackwagon-academy
Pros - Homework helped to get more practiseCons - Class was very fast,hackwagon-academy
Pros - It’s very fun if i understand Cons - very tough to do after a while,hackwagon-academy
Clear and concise for introduction to Python. Friendly TAs and good food provided every week.,hackwagon-academy
Good and clear notes with many hands-on practices,hackwagon-academy
"Provides a good starting point on learning python, good breath on the topics, with new topics each lesson",hackwagon-academy
Pro: Nice curriculum and very practical assignment. Wonderful experience. The progressive steps are set very well and students can easily understand the key points Cons: Should give more example across more industry and show the students more real case.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Pro: Nice curriculum and very practical assignment. Wonderful experience. The progressive steps are set very well and students can easily understand the key points Cons: Should give more example across more industry and show the students more real case.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
The course teaches us the basics of data science so that we understand how python can be applied for it. The instructors are nice and approachable when we have problems and they will guide us to solve the problems.,hackwagon-academy
This is my second course with Hackwagon and it has been an incredibly enjoyable and fruitful journey!,hackwagon-academy
"Hackwagon has made most of the hardest part of starting to learn programming easy and clear to understand. From their usage of well made notebooks and labs, it is easy to learn the code and see it in action when running it immediately next to their clear... Read More explanations and examples. Instructors were also very helpful and would help if you had troubles during the practice sessions. The classroom has 2 projectors and one main screen, which makes it easy to see what the instructor was doing whatever seat you sat on. Food is also provided for every class, and they allow you to bring it in.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Entering the programme with no expectations, I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of effort that was put in to make the classes more fun and engaging. The pace of learning was just right and the course provides additional practice for those falling... Read More behind in the understanding of concepts. The 'homework' given allows for practice and solidifies the understanding of the concepts learnt in class.The course length however is 3 hours and some might find it hard to stay attentive towards the end of the class. Hackwagon does provide sufficient food and drinks and breaks in-between to make your stay comfortable as much as possible.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course gave an easy-to-understand introduction to data science using python. The fundamental libraries (statistics, numpy, matplotlib and pandas) were taught in incremental steps that were suitable for students with no prior programming experience.... Read More The instructors were also able to relate to the various struggle a beginner programmer would face and this made the learning much easier. Overall, the course helped me to understand the paths that I can take to improve my data science skills and I am more conversant in data science topics.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Great course for any beginners to coding, even those with no knowledge. Class structure and lesson flow were very good. I did not feel rushed at all.Juypter Notebook was a great teaching material and the use of it was essential to my learning, helping... Read More me learn about coding by giving me an opportunity to learnLots of real-world examples, helping understand how python/pandas are used in data science: the final Airbnb project was very fun and rewarding!Great teaching by Jishnu, explains things clearly.Many helpful teaching assistants, always willing to help you with your code/debug.Perhaps a quick review of the homework assignments at the start of each lesson. I did not need a review but I believe it would be especially useful for those who struggled with it.Explain how to do, why code in such way.Lots of food also!Perhaps a bit too much/fulling haha.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Good experience overall. The syllabus is relevant and I get good support. However, the pace of teaching in class is too fast for me.",hackwagon-academy
"Learnt a lot through the Hackwagon course, instructors were extremely friendly, helpful and patient with teaching students whenever they face any doubts. Very useful and manageable for people or students without any computing background. Food and facilities... Read More were great as well.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course was structured in a meticulous manner that enabled us to learn the fundamental concepts of coding using Python, and the instructors and TAs are always present to help the students in the way. The materials offered are clear and more than sufficient... Read More to allow us to understand the concepts and in-class practices allow us to solidify these concepts. The take-home labs are interesting and manageable, as they are premised on real-life data and offer insight into how data science can help to simplify processes in real life.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The course is enriching and allow me to have a greater understanding of python.,hackwagon-academy
"The curriculum is broken down into many steps, with examples to work on for each. Easy to grasp and plenty of TAs are available to help.",hackwagon-academy
"The classes are well catered to their students' needs, they have a good number of teaching assistants ready to guide you with any queries. The lessons are also easy to follow.",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Besides understanding the syntax of python, i am able to use the knowledge that i learned to understand other softwares such as MATlab, C++ and etc. Cons: I wish that there would be more lessons available for other softwares such as R and etc.",hackwagon-academy
"I am totally new to Data Science but when I attended the boot camp, the instructor makes concepts and lessons manageable to follow along and I enjoyed and was excited to be learning new things every week. I would definitely continue with the next level... Read More of Data Science.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Able to equip student with sufficient knowledge and choices to further develop after the introduction course. The course enriches student with the basic knowledge or programming, the many uses of python in today's society and it briefly touches on the... Read More possibility of further studies towards programming, data science and even deep learningRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"As a science student with zero programming background, I enjoyed it very much! The practices were challenging but we had a lot of help from the teachers. In class revision through kahoot was also super helpful!",hackwagon-academy
"The course was well suited to beginners like me, who started with zero prior knowledge about coding and python language. Because of the pace and curriculum structure, I was able to hone individual coding skills week by week at a good pace. A small con... Read More would be the time investment needed into completing and submitting the weekly LABS assignments.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I liked that the course was detailed and focused on using actual data from companies to gain insights. I would have preferred a slightly faster pace and maybe more content coverage for the predictive models portion.,hackwagon-academy
An excellent course starting from the fundamentals building up into learning how to apply the basics to simple real-world examples.,hackwagon-academy
"Great place to start learning coding. I was a total beginner, never had any prior exp in coding. The course was well paced and assignments given are well thought out to challenge the students.",hackwagon-academy
"DS101 on Hackwagon was a very structured course. The materials that was provided was detailed, organized, structured and varied. Their instructors are very engaged even after classes through their telegram channels. Their catch up classes and various... Read More videos to help students understand better was wonderful. It's not a walk in a park course (don't expect to doze off during classes), for someone who doesn't know programming, it was challenging and engaging. Will definitely recommend it to beginners who knows nothing about python. Thanks Hackwagon!!!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I think it was a good choice to come to Hackwagon to learn Python as opposed to learning it through online courses. The teachers are experienced and I especially appreciate how the teaching assistants are always available for any consultations. The course... Read More curriculum is comprehensive enough and I feel that the basics of Python have been taught thoroughly. All in all, it is good.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course was conducted in very manageable progressive pace, where its not dauntless for programming illiterate while being insightful at the same time. I've learn alot from this course itself an am pretty sure it sets a well-toned foundation for me... Read More to progress to discover more on data science/ analytics.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
This course is useful for beginner to gain a basic understanding of python as the content is well-structured.The pace of the classes is reasonable and the instructors are helpful in clarifying questions.,hackwagon-academy
Good course for students new to python. It’s paced out well and does not overwhelm the students with information every week.,hackwagon-academy
easy to understand curriculum and clear cut instructions. great for first comers and really let me understand the basics of python well.,hackwagon-academy
"overall, a decent course that covered many areas. Instructor is good too. It was great that there was free food provided too :)the only improvement that i would suggest is to diversify the context that the assignments and lessons are based in, because... Read More not everyone is familiar with finance related matters.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Lessons were structured and organised. The instructor was very informative and provided additional links and materials for us to expand our horizons, instead of being limited to what is taught in the lessons. Assignments created were also carefully planned... Read More to ensure all knowledge taught in class is exercised during the assignment, the assignment also provided an avenue to explore different methods to complete the assignment. Finally, the project to complete was open and limitless, creativity was encouraged and provided a great opportunity for us to further expand or add on to what we've learned. The instructors and TAs were supportive and open to any questions.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The class covered a wide spectrum that encompass a great space of the data science field. It gives us a introductory overview of this field. From attaining the data through csv or webscraping, to cleaning the data with the pandas library, to data visualisation... Read More and analysis. I would recommend this for people who are interested in having an introductory experience and knowledge in this rising field.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
It gave me an even more in-depth understanding of Python after DS101. The assignments are challenging but manageable at the same time. The project component also allowed for us to discover by ourselves how we can apply the things we learnt in class to... Read More real life situations.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Instructor Bryan and the TA were very helpful throughout the entire course, always willing to help in assignments and project.",hackwagon-academy
"The instructor was very experienced both in teaching and in the industry. He shared a lot of tips with us. He also taught us extra stuff outside the syllabus.However, I felt that his explanation of machine learning were not that clear.Overall, I felt... Read More that the class met my expectations and helped me a lot.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pro- practical courseCons : too fast, class should also explain th etheory of applying certain quote",hackwagon-academy
Very responsive team and helpful TA. Clear explanation.,hackwagon-academy
Course is well paced and covers all the basics required for someone to pick up Python.,hackwagon-academy
The lessons were useful and I learnt a lot about data analysis using Python,hackwagon-academy
Instructors were clear in their teaching and TAs were helpful.Course content was good and aids in understanding of concepts.,hackwagon-academy
Program can be quite fast for some classes and hard to follow.,hackwagon-academy
"The entire course had good structure with ample opportunities for practice. Every lesson was informative, yet easy to digest. The classroom was also in a conducive environment. I feel that the content and materials given are invaluable and I would definitely... Read More recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn coding.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
DS102 was a great course for a more in depth analyzing. Learnt skills which are usable in real world applications.,hackwagon-academy
"The course was very well structured. Both the instructors and teaching assistants were extremely approachable, helpful and knowledgable. Good food were also provided every lesson, and the environment was very conducive and allowed one to focus well. Overall... Read More very good course &amp; would definitely recommend!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course is a very good eye-opener into the world of programming or coding. It caters to a whole range of participants, from newbies to programming to the experienced who wants to learn how to apply what they already know to real world situations.Lesson... Read More material is also very well done and progressive. Pace of the lesson is very manageable and the TAs ensure that everyone is keeping up with the entire flow of the lesson. Classroom environment is also highly suited to the context of the lessons.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pretty solid lesson material, pacing of classes are manageable and homework is adjusted to difficulty level taught in the previous lesson. Provided food and drinks are more often than not, good.",hackwagon-academy
"It was challenging enough to keep me on my toes, yet easy enough to follow.",hackwagon-academy
Course content is good with good support from TAs.Helpful for people with no programming background.,hackwagon-academy
"I am not a big review person, so to sum it up, this course was certainly very fast yet very rewarding. If you are interested in coding, would recommend highly.",hackwagon-academy
"I have no coding background, hence this course is an eye-opener. The pace is fast but HW does upload the class video ls and answers to our homework. Also the instructor and TAs are helpful. These help me to review and consolidate my understanding. Because... Read More the instructor moves fast, I didn’t have time to copy the answers and the movement of the screen does cause some headache.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros:-Both instructors and TAs are friendly and helpful, always willing to answer queries and following up on any questions that are raised-Having both weekly physical and online lessons is one of the big plus points of this course. What might have been... Read More missed or not understood in class would be covered again online which helps in the solidifying of concepts learnt.- Labs are well guided to help the learner along the way.Cons:-Around lesson 5 onward the pace really picked up for the physical lessons which led to attending the online lessons a necessity. -The amount of time spent covering these topics(pandas, matplotlib) was relatively short as compared to the first few lessons.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Great lessons, patient and knowledgeable teachers, delicious food and sufficient breaks! Shoutout to Danielle! She's an awesome teacher who knows her stuffs :) Even though I understand there are different teaching styles, the teachers in the makeup class... Read More I attended don't seem as professional as my actual lesson :/ But overall, great academy!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: The pace is good for newbies that have no prior background in coding as the instructors go down to the basics for the syntax and functions Cons: Slightly short in length of course, would be great if there are 1 or 2 more lessons on pandas package... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"I attended the DS101 class, to pick up a new programming language - Python. The data science classes are very structured and comprehensive. It is obvious that there has been much thought put into designing the learning materials and lesson structure for... Read More each class. Boyang had been an excellent teacher, taking care and effort to ensure that we understand the fundamentals of Python before moving on to teach us how to apply the basic concepts in realistic situations. The TAs were also very approachable and helped tremendously. Kudos to Boyang and the other TAs in this class!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Thanks to Bo Yang for the clarity and systematic lessons.Thanks to all the TAs for the great support; Python coding was challenging but it was a thrill ride.Understand it's challenging to find the right level to teach at considering the number of students... Read More per class; the assignments were tougher than the lessons. Might be good to add more details/lessons on data structures etc prior to teaching us how to code.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"The course is informative and provides hands on practice to improve our basic understanding of coding. The instructors are able to explain well and taught us the basics of coding. However, the content can be increased to improve the knowledge of new coders.... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Informative, good pace. Boyang gives clear instructions as well. Suggestions: Have additional (perhaps optional) questions that are in the lab assignment that are more challenging. Current questions do not really reflect everything taught in the... Read More course, especially content in lesson 6.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Curriculum flow was structured well, building knowledge upon knowledge. Instructors and TAs were also very open to questions and helpful. A great course if you want to start dabbling in data science or have a taste of it.",hackwagon-academy
"TAs are very helpful. The food provided is great and the lecturer, Boyang makes lesson interesting.Would recommend to friends who are interested to learn data science. The king of hill exercise challenges our ability to code within certain time frame... Read More and it tests us on our progress. Kudous to Boyang!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"- comfortable arrangement (clean, spacious, air conditioned, multiple screens, with food, coffee and water) - good location (accessible public transport, near food places) - good price, considering subsidies - good instructor (good pace, soothing voice,... Read More good content knowledge and most importantly good delivery) - sufficient extra help (tutors walking around during lesson, can contact them online) - fun (games, interactive)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"pros: - understanding and learning about the basics of pythoncons:- some concepts taught too fast- no consistency between trainers. hence, when make-up class is attended, the workbook is different and trainers teach at different pace (more consistency... Read More between trainers would be good. consistency in content, pace as well as stuff taught)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
There are a lot of concepts introduced over the short span of 7 lessons. I have gained a lot of knowledge and I think that this will be beneficial in my job search in the near future. Will definitely read up more during my free time and hope that there... Read More will be opportunities to further advance my current knowledge.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"good to learn things in a structured, monitored environment.. where syllabus is planned and divided not so good program in terms of content explanations. in such a big class, with a lecture style format, slower students feel left behind. smaller group... Read More settings can make learning more interactive and less 'scary' for fear of lagging behindRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: - Course doesn't go too much into the nitty gritty details, thereby confusing beginners in Python; It sets up a excellent precedent for future coders or coding hobbyists alike. - Weekly assignments are extremely beneficial in ensuring students constantly... Read More refresh their programming skills, juxtaposed to every other language or skill. Assignments are manageable.Cons:- Pace is a little slow, and examples are reiterated more times than necessary (In my opinion), but it is expected for a beginner's course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
pros: The TAs are well preparedcons: -The pace of the lesson is slightly faster on some lessons,hackwagon-academy
it was a good way to learn the basics of data science and the lesson curriculum is a good pace and incorporates homework to involve the students. it was interesting and the instructors were all very helpful. The skills learnt were very applicable to real... Read More life situations and makes us appreciate the coding skills we learntRead Less,hackwagon-academy
"This course allows me to understand the fundamentals of python and at the end of the course I've learned how to use python for data analysisI feel that the pace of the course could be slightly slower, because there's a diversity of peoplewho come from... Read More different backgrounds. It would definitely be an advantage if you have some programming knowledge.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Overall the course was great and engaging. Very helpful for beginners who have 0 experience in coding. Well-structured lessons so the progression of each lesson would make sense with extra practices to help with better understanding.,hackwagon-academy
pros: - learned a lot about python through this course which i feel i can apply in the real world context. cons: - sometimes the pace of the class gets a little too fast due to time constraint,hackwagon-academy
"Lesson pace is ok at the start but abit too fast towards to the end , course materials are adequate with extra lessons online in case you missed out anything, overall good for those who want an introduction into python programming",hackwagon-academy
"Great course for beginners, even with no prior coding knowledge. Helped us understand how coding can be applicable in real life. The teaching assistants are friendly and willing to help, and plenty good food is provided every lesson. Overall a good experience!... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: helpful TAs and instructors, able to learn python basics quickly and effectively. Homework was useful in helping re enforce ideas. Project at the end was a good culmination of ideas learnt previously Cons: $2000 as the price of course before subsidies... Read More is way too high.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros is that I learnt a new skill that could be applicable in my future studies.No cons.,hackwagon-academy
"Great introductory class for students who are interested but have less motivation to self-learn, as Hackwagon provides easy to understand examples and assignments that are realistic. Tutors are helpful and knowledgeable. Students who can't keep up in... Read More class can also attend weekly online review lessons.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Good course for beginners to pick up. First few lessons are challenging and fun but remaining few lessons are too fast-paced and feels very rushed. Students are not guided clearly by the instructor who copy pastes answers without fully explaining them.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Good introductory course to python. Interesting examples and assignments.,hackwagon-academy
They moved through basics rather quickly and focused on application. To me this was good because you can always review the basics during your own time but typically need more guidance on how to apply concepts,hackwagon-academy
Very informative and easy to understand introduction to Python programming with progressive levels of homework and in class work given. The tutors are very responsive and clear in their teaching so understanding lessons and keeping up are usually never... Read More an issue.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"As data analytics becomes a more prevalent trend in our working world, I believe that python has laid a good foundation in this aspect, and I would expound on this basis of knowledge for continuous improvement. However, the course at certain points may... Read More have been slightly too fast-paced, resulting in myself not being able to catch up.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"it is a great environment to start learning programming. i think best if come with friend or friends. however, it might be slightly fast if one does not even have the slightest clue what programming is. best to read up a little before hand.",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Structured learning experience, plenty of useful course material, opportunities to practice in classCons: Initial lessons pace too slow while final few lessons pace a little too fast. Could have spent less time on easier portions to focus on more... Read More advanced content such as the matplotlib and pandas library sectionsRead Less",hackwagon-academy
The pace was alright. Instructor is clear when teaching the course. Teaching assistants are helpful.,hackwagon-academy
"The pros is that this is a stepping stone for me for other coding courses in the future. However, the cons is that sometimes I may not be able to catch up with the class and I have to go back home to practice on my own",hackwagon-academy
Relatively well developed class. Could've been better if make up classes were to be more flexible,hackwagon-academy
Very interesting way of teaching python to people who have no knowledge of it. Able to learn fast with their techniques!,hackwagon-academy
Good opportunity to learn python. Students are well guided throughout.,hackwagon-academy
It was fun but challenging at first as all terms are very new to me at first exposure.,hackwagon-academy
It was fun and enriching but coding is not my thing.,hackwagon-academy
"pros: gained insights into something new made a new friend  the teaching assistants were very approachable, one of them even assisted me after classcons: i had 0 background in programming, thus i felt a little lost during class",hackwagon-academy
"It was a good eye opener however, i felt that the pace and content of the class for 7 weeks was a bit too fast and i felt like a lot of the lessons were rushed through. The homework provided was good practise though and it really helped me to understand... Read More what to use and when to use it. I would recommend this course to others !Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The instructors were very good at explaining and they put in effort to cater to the learning needs of students who couldn't catch up, even though this was a fast tracked programme. That was really professional of them and the games they included at the... Read More end also help make their lessons more engaging and light-hearted.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Good and comprehensive and relevant course materials , experiences instructors and helpful TA . Clear instructions and fun game while learning. Great food!",hackwagon-academy
"Learn how to use pandas, data visualisation, basics of web-scrapping and some statistics",hackwagon-academy
Good clear instructions and exercise as well as a capstone project at the end.,hackwagon-academy
I attended ds102. it was easy to understand and fun to attend,hackwagon-academy
"Broad exposure to data science with weekly practical assignments and a final project.+ Covers wide range of data science topics from exploratory data analysis to machine learning+ Uses the latest tools like pandas, seaborn and scikit-learn- Some topics,... Read More like machine learning, are too complex to be covered in a one or two lecturesRead Less",hackwagon-academy
The use of e-Learn materials to improve the quality of learning is good. It will be better to provide recorded lessons and include more comprehensive comments on notebooks to better improve post-lesson revision and understanding.,hackwagon-academy
Good foundation class for beginners to Python Programming. Instructors are responsive even after office hours.,hackwagon-academy
Each lesson was very clear and well-paced for students that are new to catch up. Instructor was clear and detailed on his explanation. Would recommend for people that are looking into taking a first step into data analysis. The only downside was that... Read More the content is a little limited and you would need to take further courses to gain deeper understanding in data analytics.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The lessons were very comprehensive and informative. The instructors are really interactive and passionate about what they are teaching. My overall experience is really positive.,hackwagon-academy
Instructor is clear in his lectures and explanations. The tutors are helpful too. The curriculum is quite well paced too.,hackwagon-academy
"Not bad, but could have gone more detail into the inner workings/mathematics of concepts. Could have been more fast paced.",hackwagon-academy
"Instructor's explanation for theories is clear and sufficient hands-on for application of what we have learnt in the lesson. Teacher Assistants are helpful and prompt in their replies. Food, drinks and snacks are provided as well. Learning environment... Read More is conducive.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
learnt a lot about how to better make use of pandas in python as well as simple machine learning algorithms. instructors and TAs are knowledgeable and helpful.,hackwagon-academy
"very good class, great for people who wants to learn more about data science. good pace of class and hits all the key points needed for you to do a data analatics project on your own :)",hackwagon-academy
"This is a great class for absolute beginners to python programming. Although the class went a bit fast (there was a lot of cover), the teaching assistants were very supportive in answering my questions. The homework also helped to solidify the concepts... Read More taught. On the overall, great place to start learning data science from scratch!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros:1) Comfortable learning environment2) Food provided3) Teaching assitants available to helpCons:1) Slow paced - a lot of content not taught due to lack of time,hackwagon-academy
"Provides a platform for coding beginners to learn fundamental skills such as working with dataframes, creating visualizations and apply machine learning techniques.",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Excellent instructors, assignments and projects give help you to apply the concepts you learnt.",hackwagon-academy
learnt about pandas and dataframes. easy to understand,hackwagon-academy
I have learnt alot from Hackwagon and it have help me to develop skills and mindset on Data Science. I have learnt to make use of this skill sets i learnt and apply in school and daily lifes.,hackwagon-academy
This program is very good for thhose with some computing background in Python and are looking to further develop their skills in terms of data analytics.,hackwagon-academy
Good introduction to Python and basics of Pandas software,hackwagon-academy
Really dedicated teaching staff with excellent welfare! Food is provided every session.,hackwagon-academy
"The curriculum was very clear and concise. The learning pace was just right, not too fast. The teaching assistants were also very dedicated and would walk around the class to assist us in our learning which really helped a lot.",hackwagon-academy
"It had been years since my school days since i learnt programming. I always had the impression it is going to be very tough. However, the python programming basic course i took at Hackwagon was made easy to understand and the after class support by means... Read More of various online is wonderful.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"As an undergraduate with no prior coding experiences, this course was useful in providing an introduction to data analytics as a whole. The past 7 weeks have been very enriching yet challenging at the same time— thank you!",hackwagon-academy
Curriculum was well structured. Materials and assignments were helpful for learning. Lesson was well paced. Instructors provided opportunities for student feedback at the end of every class. Instructor to student ratio was good.,hackwagon-academy
The materials were coherent and easy to understand. The lecturer taught well and the assistants were ready to help. Dinner provided was good too. However a shorter class duration of 2.5hrs would have been just nice.,hackwagon-academy
"Good course for people with completely no knowledge on programming, gives you the fundamentals in pythonPacing of the lessons is also well-balanced and easy for beginners to understand",hackwagon-academy
Really good introduction into python. Clear and concise lessons from instructor. Teaching assistants are very helpful and will go the extra mile to ensure that each student understands what is being taught in class.,hackwagon-academy
"I thoroughly enjoyed myself in the course!the teaching was very visual. coding can seem very confusing and daunting but the course did a very good job teaching foundations, and then building on it and giving us opportunities to apply what we've learnt... Read More with class practices and homework.homework was especially fun for me. they weren't as easy as the in-class practices, a great challenge! and they applied to the real-world context.tutors and instructor were all very approachable and helpful, and provided lots of insights on our mistakes at every step.also, love the food!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course is basic but effective in teaching Python language and coding concepts to beginner coders, by including real-world data analysis into the course teachings. The instructor was clear and often drops extra tidbits of information during class time.... Read More Food provided was good as well so that's a plus!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I am not a very technical person, so I joined Hackwagon to learn some coding skills that will help me with this aspect. I do think that the Hackwagon materials, as well as our patient instructor, have made learning Python much easier than if I were to... Read More try and pick it up myself. With that being said, overall, the course was enjoyable and I did manage to pick up the basics of coding. I think that I will have to revise the material myself in order to retain the knowledge but Hackwagon gives you a good basis to start from and overall, I had fun and learnt new skills!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course was okay. Content of course was basic. However questions for homework were not explained well, abit confusing.",hackwagon-academy
"First experience with Python. Without prior knowledge, I was expecting that it will be hard for me to pick up the language. Surprisingly (with the aid of lecturer and TAs along with course assignment), I have been able to grasp the language and ideas... Read More well. The learning environment fits for a beginner as they don't coach you base on syllabus-specific. If you attempt to use alternative functions to achieve the results, they will encourage and guide you instead of steering you back to syllabus and standard answer. Overall, it is a good learning journey for me to start from zero and achieve something (not at the advance level but definitely setting the the foundation right).Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The lessons were taught at a comfortable pace and teaching assistants were prompt in helping me clear my doubts both during and after class.,hackwagon-academy
The course was interesting and taught me the basics of python programming. I also learnt how to make use of the codes to visualise the data.,hackwagon-academy
"The module was a great intro into the world of coding. Learning python from scratch, the instructors and TAs were patient and ensured that students were up to speed. Would definitely recommend students to join this course.",hackwagon-academy
pros: introduction to a new skill made new friends awesome dinner! friendly and approachable TAs and lecturercons: i could not catch up towards the end of the course,hackwagon-academy
"Data science 101 at Hackwagon teaches you the basics of python coding. The notes are clear and teacher explains clearly. When in doubt, the teacher assistants are also readily available for help. Great class overall!",hackwagon-academy
"Exceeded my expectations and i have learnt several data visualisation techniques through this course. Most importantly, the design thinking behind every code became more intuitive after this course.",hackwagon-academy
"Pros - Interesting lessons, weekly homework so you get enough practice - Subsidy Cons - Pace can be a bit fast at times",hackwagon-academy
Lessons were very fruitful and enjoying. TAs are friendly and helpful,hackwagon-academy
The course is well-structured and the weekly lab assignments were helpful in consolidating learning. The TAs and instructor were also very approachable.,hackwagon-academy
Picked up some basic python coding which might be useful in the future!,hackwagon-academy
Easy to followPace of lesson is just rightFood is good TAs are helpfulWould be good if there are more practice questions,hackwagon-academy
The teachers and student helpers here are all very helpful and patient. They will always step out to lend a helping hand when I’m unsure of my work.,hackwagon-academy
Great Python bootcamp with lots of hands on exercises and great teachers/TAs. Price a bit steep but still guaranteed to benefit anyone who goes through the lessons and material diligently,hackwagon-academy
Interactive and easy to follow lesson. Class exercise are stimulating and help me to learn the basic of python.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Was a good introductory course to Python, and managed to understand the way the thinking behind Python works. Cons: Deadline for projects may be a little tight, but reasonable considering that the TAs have to go through the homework every lesson.... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Hi All,Overall it is a great and nurturing learning experience where both TA's and instructor help to build my fundamentals on python and answering to my queries on both weekly assignment and project.Special Thanks to Kei Wen and Yu Siang for their patience... Read More and always ready to clarify my queries.Keep up the great job Hackwagon!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
A nice way for a total amateur in programming to begin his programming journey. Instructors are extremely friendly and patient with students - giving a relaxing environment to learn. Curriculum prepared by the Academy is also easy to understand but challenging... Read More at the same time!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"it was really a great 7 weeks! with no experience in programming, i feel that i have gained knowledge about what python can do now",hackwagon-academy
Curriculum was easy to follow and the pace was comfortable for a first time learner. The instructor and teaching assistants were also very approachable and helpful.,hackwagon-academy
I have learnt a lot of new skills and useful techniques that can surely help me with my upcoming programming module in school.,hackwagon-academy
Suitable for starters. Teachers and TAs were super helpful and passionate. Truly enjoyed the course.,hackwagon-academy
Learnt the basics of Python and how I am able to use it in the future.,hackwagon-academy
"suitable for individuals who are considering to pursue programming, the curriculum is designed to be easy to follow and made the overall learning journey enjoyable.",hackwagon-academy
"Very well_structured and well- executed program, learnt a lot. TAs and the instructor, everyone is very helpful.",hackwagon-academy
Pros:- Lessons are very well-structured- Good materials are provided (Extra Practices are provided too!)- Teaching assistants are very spontaneous in helping out students when there are any troubles- Instructor teaches well and attempts to engage the... Read More class- The food is great! :)Cons:- Pace might be too slow at the beginning and Instructor rushes through the class towards the end (especially the 2nd to 4th classes)Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"The instructors and teaching assistants at Hackwagon DS101 ensured that everyone was able to follow the content, even if beginners like myself had no prior programming experience. The difficulties of the examples provided were progressive in nature yet... Read More were apt in allowing us to understand and apply the fundamentals of data science and programming.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"DS101 is an instructor-led course on the introduction to Python for Data Analysis. It provides a quick introduction on the basics of Python programming language (ver 3.7). The instructor is interesting and uses various methods to promote interest and... Read More understanding in the language. The course is well put together as fast pace helps the students to focus on the subject matter and various quizzes and in-class practical to check on the gaps of understanding. The teaching assistants and helpful in resolving issues in understanding to issues in logistics. Overall, it is well run by passionate people. It is a definite recommendation.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The curriculum is really intuitive for starters. It starts with a really easy to learn task and then gradually advanced by the end of the course.,hackwagon-academy
Quite a lot of content and practices are allocated for us to be proficient in Python. The instructor and TAs are also very helpful if you have any doubts.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros will be having a basic knowledge on what python is about, while the cons will be we need to continue other more advanced courses to learn more in depth on python.",hackwagon-academy
"Instructor and TAs were extremely helpful, was a highly manageable course, pace of classes was perfect for a novice to programming like me and I enjoyed the classes.",hackwagon-academy
Great introductory course for coding beginners. The instructor was clear in his explanation of the lesson materials and there were helpful TAs (teacher assistants) to help us when we encounter any problems. The food provided was excellent as well.,hackwagon-academy
hackwagon ds101 is ideal for beginners to python to learn important basics. the pace of the class was just nice and the instructor was clear in his teaching.,hackwagon-academy
"everything has been just about right: the extensiveness of the content, pedagogical pace and availability of help. would definitely recommend for beginner coders.",hackwagon-academy
The format and structure of the entire course was really good. The teacher and TAs were very responsive and guided us through the entire course. I really felt supported and am glad I signed up with Hackwagon to start learning Python. The location of Hackwagon... Read More Academy is really accessible from the MRT and was really convenient. Many thanks to everyone who helped!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Lesson notes are clear and concise, take home labs are good review of concepts learnt in lessons.",hackwagon-academy
"it was a thoroughly enjoyable course, easy to digest content:)",hackwagon-academy
"Course was done over 3 weeks , two lessons a week. The materials given during class and gone through were sufficient in our learning and the practices and homework given was manageable as they were similar to what we have learnt in the lesson in the class.... Read More Instructor was a very clear and knowledgeable while the TAs were readily available during class time to help us with our queries. Moreover the TAs are easily contactable outside of class whenever we need help or guidance on our homework.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros:Succinct course - basic python functions and syntax.friendly instructorsCons:Pace of the class is not consistent.,hackwagon-academy
Indepth introduction to data analytics with case study scenarios,hackwagon-academy
The instructor was clear and concise. The in-class practices were easy to follow.,hackwagon-academy
Lessons are very comprehensive and easy to understand despite the short time-span of 7 lessons in 4 weeks.,hackwagon-academy
Pros: Beginner FriendlyCons: A little fast; then again I am on the fast track,hackwagon-academy
"Structured way to learn basic python skills, is a good prep course to develop fundamental understanding and decide if further studies in this field is for you!",hackwagon-academy
Great and Clear basic course for Python for those even without programming experiences,hackwagon-academy
This course is well-paced for a beginner with zero programming knowledge and experience! I thoroughly enjoyed the real-life exercises given.,hackwagon-academy
It is a very educational course and I have learnt alot from it.,hackwagon-academy
Good pace for complete beginners. Lessons are interesting and you get to learn quite a bit,hackwagon-academy
Pros:Makes it easier to students with completely no programming background to learn PythonVery helpful instructors and TAs who would go the extra mile to ensure students understand difficult concepts in layman termsConducive learning environmentGood food... Read More provided Cons:None :)Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Learnt a lot about python though I have a pretty decent foundation of it beforehand. Was introduced to new things when I approached the TAs, to solve nitty gritty problems or just to explore further.",hackwagon-academy
"instructor was good, explained class content clearly with minimal confusion",hackwagon-academy
great experience with hackwagon. great for beginners. strongly recommended,hackwagon-academy
I have enjoyed every lesson and the pacing was just nice.,hackwagon-academy
Easy to follow curriculum for beginners to python over 7 sessions.,hackwagon-academy
"Hackwagon was a great introduction to Python! The instructors were friendly, patient and approachable and the workload was manageable as well.",hackwagon-academy
"Through these 7 weeks, I learnt the fundamentals of Data Science that is well executed with proactive TAs and instructors! would recommend my friends to take up the course :)",hackwagon-academy
TAs are very helpful in assisting. Will come back for more,hackwagon-academy
"Was totally clueless about what is coding and what is a programming language, but now I am able to at least identify and sort through basic code after 7 lessons :')",hackwagon-academy
"Was an absolute beginner at computing, and didn't know where nor how to start. But through Hackwagon Academy's DS101, I was able to grasp the basics of coding, and understand the logic flow. Moreover, the learning curve was a lot gentler than I expected... Read More it to be, and I feel ready for school now.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I've learned a lot about the basics of python programming.,hackwagon-academy
"After attending Hackwagon, I have gained a good understanding about the basics of Python coding and the ways in which it is relevant in our. daily lives through in-class notebooks and projects which depict real-life events.",hackwagon-academy
"i have learnt and pick up new skills, was an amateur at the start, but at least now im much more equipped with programming and more knowlefgeable, and help myself for the courses that i will be taking in university",hackwagon-academy
"Learnt a lot from the DS 101 course, being able to use Python at a basic level.",hackwagon-academy
The course was able to simplify confusing concepts for people who are unfamiliar to Python program.,hackwagon-academy
The instructors are clear and concise and they made my experience in python learning very enjoyable.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Clear and Engaging lessons, TAs and Instructor available to ensure no one is behind the class. Pacing is suited for beginners.",hackwagon-academy
pros: learn a lot more about coding and python. Learnt a new languagecons: lessons could be too fast sometimes and the homework could be quite difficult too.,hackwagon-academy
The instructors are extremely helpful in ensuring that every student is able to cope with the curriculum,hackwagon-academy
The course despite being fast sometimes and hard to understand. The instructors were very patient to check up on the students every now and then.,hackwagon-academy
"Easy to follow, but at the same time equally challenging",hackwagon-academy
"Joining us a beginner to coding, the lessons at Hackwagon was great in helping me understand the basics. Especially so in the instructor's effort towards breaking the logics down into layman terms which was extremely important for my learning. If you're... Read More looking for someplace to start your programming journey, I will definitely recommend here! And the food provided is great too :)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
This was a good basic course for those with zero knowledge and it was fun. Great instructors and TAs. I am always looking forward to come to class every week and lunch provided was good too!,hackwagon-academy
Very clear lesson outline while tapping on real-world data to see the applications. The project at the end really helps to summarise the lesson learning outcomes and understand what it takes to craft a data analytics project. Great support from our Instructor... Read More Raymond as well as the TAs.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Course gives a good overall introduction to data science. Last 2 lessons delivery on machine learning is choppy and not un-organised. A bit confusing. Maybe more interpretation on coding. Hopefully simple background information will be given before class.... Read More No class repeat video which is available in DS101.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Great course materials but maybe need more practice and feedback from instructors and TAs,hackwagon-academy
"Instructor Raymond has been quite comprehensive. However, homework wise, the structure sentences could be more clearer.The TAs has also been quite helpful but overall teaching style could be better.Overall, DS102 is great after learning DS101.",hackwagon-academy
I thoroughly enjoyed the course that Raymond instructed. Raymond is very passionate with his lessons often showing us very interesting case examples and common pitfalls. I feel that his love and interest in Data Science has motivated me to become better.The... Read More instructors at Hackwagon provide extremely good support by providing us with out of session advice and help. Also another good point is that the food is always great :)Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros: guided lessons where immediate help can be received as it's about 6:50 student ratioCons: might get tiring as it's a 3h lesson,hackwagon-academy
The course was way better than I expected. What I expect was just data visualisation but I gain way more such as Machine Learning. What was the biggest takeaway was having to do an analytics project. It was like learning within learning taking place.,hackwagon-academy
"The course materials are helpful for all ages, skill levels and knowledge background. The instructor is thoughtful in conveying the lesson material in the simplest most layman manner easiest to understand. Teaching assistants are always on standby and... Read More knowledgeable to assist in any difficulties that we students faced.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The DS102 hackwagon class has been helpful as the content covered are generally useful to cleaning real-life data. The instructors and TA have been patient and clear in their explanation of concepts.,hackwagon-academy
"Topics were good and easy to learn; the codes were relatively easy to pickup and use. However some more analytical topics like R square values, k mean, etc, some self researching had to be done as these are more complex mathematical theories for analysis.... Read MoreRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"The course was pretty informative, but it was tough to follow through the entire lesson as it can get difficult.",hackwagon-academy
"Pros:1. Actually applicable to many aspects no matter whether you are in the data science field.2. Covers a range of skills requiredCons:1. Lesson pace sometimes a bit volatile, but on the whole could be a little slowerie. Some parts could be faster,... Read More while other parts could be slowerRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"This was a good introductory course to data science and is suitable for people with limited coding experience. There was a comprehensive introduction to data visualization methods, web scraping, natural language processing, and machine learning techniques.... Read More However, the pace of the class was quite fast, especially when some of the more advanced web scraping / NLP methods were covered.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The lesson was well planned with workplace practicality in mind for its curriculum.,hackwagon-academy
"Loved the class! Raymond was an amazing teacher and lecturer who explained concepts clearly. I would highly recommend this class to the rest of my friends. The TAs were also really helpful, friendly and knowledgeable. 100% worth it",hackwagon-academy
The teachers are really friendly and good at what they were doing. They are really well equipped and ready to answer any questions that you have.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros- Excellent staff who tries to assist with whatever questions that may arise at all times- Very good in teaching the basics and more importantly, application of the Python language in the real-world- Weekly assignments as well as major project helps... Read More alot in solidifying the knowledge gained during the week's lessonCons- Lesson on text-mining could've been broken down further for better understanding in layman terms and how to apply (case study would be great)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The course touch on different kinds of codings requires in current society,hackwagon-academy
"Greater insights about Data Science, many coding technique taught. Overall good experience for beginners.",hackwagon-academy
"All pros no cons, it was truly a spectacular experience which has never been seen before. teaching was succinct and to the point",hackwagon-academy
"Teaches in-depth with regards to the different libraries and also cover a wide range of topics. From Pandas, numpy to machine learning.",hackwagon-academy
Like the interesting read before the start of lessons.,hackwagon-academy
"Cost is fully covered and I have learned a lot from these teachers. Patient and knowledgable, i have no regrets!",hackwagon-academy
"I took this course while concurrently completing my professional attachment and competing in a case competition. Therefore, I was quite stretched as I did not expect to learn so much content during the course. In retrospect, I should have taken it when... Read More I am less occupied. Nonetheless, I think that DS101 has given me a better understanding of what python is and its possibilities.However, I feel that the process of making arrangements for make-up lessons is too rigid. I personally have an allergy condition that flares up occasionally but I can treat myself with prescribed medication from my doctor that I keep on standby. However, having to go to the doctor's clinic just to obtain an MC to submit for a makeup lesson seems quite pointless.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Food was good. Instructors were very detail, patient and precise in their explanation. Method of Instruction is very good. Using real-world problems as examples as well.",hackwagon-academy
it was a really interesting course and it was very useful as well,hackwagon-academy
pros is that i learn alot of new information but cons is that food not very good,hackwagon-academy
"The teaching is fast with large amount of information being poured into 3 hours. Due to that there you’ll be constantly engaged to follow the instructor. However, getting stuck with your coding while the teacher is still talking and coding would lead... Read More to you lagging behind easily. You’ll be forced to move on and ask for help later. This can be an issue if you’re stuck at a critical point of coding that is needed for future code.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Structured lesson plan with clear learning outcomes and relevant exercises to reinforce learning on a weekly basis. Instructor conducts well-paced lessons and is approachable.,hackwagon-academy
"The content was taught at a suitable pace, not too fast but not too slow either.",hackwagon-academy
A good place for you to learn programming and the instructors is very helpful.,hackwagon-academy
outstanding instructors and well designed and structured course for beginners.,hackwagon-academy
Pros:1) Free food and drinks per class prevents us from getting hungry2) A once in a lifetime opportunity to reach for the DS101 starsCons:NIL,hackwagon-academy
"Good pace, instructor was very clear and made sure that students understood the lessons before moving on.Weekly assignment to apply what we have learnt as well.Food provided during the course made sure we weren't hungry too.",hackwagon-academy
The lessons were great and I could easily understand what the instructor is teaching during class.,hackwagon-academy
"Experienced instructors providing clear and comprehensible explanations. The course also provides good application practices that enhances your understanding on programming with Python. Teaching Assistants are very helpful and are aplenty to help out... Read More when needed. Overall an enjoyable, fruitful course with a steady pace.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Learn more about Data Analytics and how it can be applied to projects or as a career. The Teaching Assistants are generally quite helpful though the instructor may go through the lesson rather fast especially for beginners.,hackwagon-academy
The instructor was very engaging and his analogies as well explanations were very clear allowing for more complex ideas to be brought across easily,hackwagon-academy
clear explanation of the basics &amp; real-life application. Good for someone w/o any python background,hackwagon-academy
Pros: Good food provided every lessons.TAs and instructor are helpful.,hackwagon-academy
it was interesting learning about python and programming when i came in with 0 knowledge,hackwagon-academy
Good course that helps total beginners understand python from base 0,hackwagon-academy
Pros:1. Getting exposed to programming for the first time2. Sparking my interest and programming3. Lessons were clear and well timed 4. Instructor was patientCons: 1. Wanted to get a weekday night time slot that would be preferred on my side,hackwagon-academy
"Pros - Good food, easy-to-follow assignments &amp; tutorialsCons - Venue not as convenient",hackwagon-academy
"Really conducive learning environment at Hackwagon, especially for beginners who have no prior experience in coding.",hackwagon-academy
Its abit too fast paced but the TAs are patient when ask for help,hackwagon-academy
It is a good course to pick up coding as they provide clear teaching instructions and takes care of your welfare as well.,hackwagon-academy
"I really like the class as the TAs and lecturer is helpful, engaging and friendly!",hackwagon-academy
I managed to learn the basics of Python rather smoothly over the few weeks here.,hackwagon-academy
"Great content covered, great instructors, great pace!",hackwagon-academy
pros:good exposure to the language python and computing.,hackwagon-academy
had a good time learning about the basics of data science,hackwagon-academy
It introduced me to the world of programming which I had zero experience in. The instructor and all teaching assistants were very helpful and patient.,hackwagon-academy
pros would be that they are very informative and engaging,hackwagon-academy
Fundamental of Python and how it is used in analyzing data was well covered by experienced TAs.,hackwagon-academy
"Understand more about basic python can do for analysis in programming, and also help to clear up the dataset.",hackwagon-academy
"Great summer course for university students. Great opportunity to make friends and learn data science with python. I would say that taking up Hackwagon is better than learning through the free online courses (for myself). The instructors are really guiding.... Read More The Data Science 101 class would only be considered basic python skills. But nonetheless, it really helps with your thinking and will help establish a strong foundation if you were to learn the more advanced python language in the future. The workload was just alright. Each week there will be take home tutorials with 10 questions. These tutorials are manageable and really helps to reinforce learning. Instructors will be available on telegram to assist if you have questions.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"I think that the course structure is very good as it really helps in understanding the basic fo coding. The teaching assistant is also very responsive outside of class, so if there is any issue just PM them and they will reply ASAP",hackwagon-academy
The resources and practices were more than enough and quite doable.The lecturers and TAs are very helpful whenever in need.,hackwagon-academy
Course instructors are very approachable and helpful. Food and drinks are provided so you don't have to worry about not having time to get food before you come for lesson!Instructors are always available to answer your question even when your not in the... Read More class. There are easily contactable through phone messages.Course generally is well paced and well delivered by the instructors. Instructors always ensure that everyone is okay before moving on. There are also interesting kahoot games during several lessons which gives rewards for students that scores the highest.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"The length of the program is just nice, and the instructors are articulate in explaining the take-home labs. I am able to follow through with all the lessons. The lunch is decent. All in all, I think this course is a good way to learn the basics of python... Read More coding from scratch.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I have learn how to use basic python codes and implement basic arithmetic calculations through large data sets. It is very useful for data visualization.It is very time consuming to make a function work as debugging becomes difficult with basic knowledge.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
the lessons were interesting and good for newbies to understand,hackwagon-academy
Would recommend anyone with little to zero coding background to attend this class.The classes were reasonably paced from the standpoint of a beginner and the lunch meals provided were satisfactory.The length of the syllabus covered was palatable.,hackwagon-academy
The course is comprehensive and well suited for beginners who are trying learning Python from scratch. Instructors are pleasant and will not hesitate to clarify any doubts students have.,hackwagon-academy
"I think that the course structure is very good as it really helps in understanding the basic fo coding. The teaching assistant is also very responsive outside of class, so if there is any issue just PM them and they will reply ASAP",hackwagon-academy
It prepares me for my coding mods in uni but it takes up quite a lot of time.,hackwagon-academy
Learnt the basics of Python Programming in a concise 7 weeks. Looking forward to signing up for other courses with the Academy.,hackwagon-academy
I have learnt a great deal and understood python syntax.,hackwagon-academy
"The beginning of this course was very manageable and the pace of the class was relatively good. However, we are exposed to even more functions etc, tend to forget what is taught in the previous class which made it tougher to keep up to the pace of the... Read More lesson.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Instructors and course content was clear and easy to follow.,hackwagon-academy
Well-structured curriculum; helpful and passionate instructors and teacher assistants; free refreshments are a nice plus,hackwagon-academy
"the classes were conducted smoothly every weekhowever, the pace of the class can be slower so that it will be easier for the students can absorb the content and know what is going on",hackwagon-academy
"Some of the instructors are really great, but in general they have a clear understanding of what should be taught, usually giving essential tips from time to time. They are also willing to assist whenever necessary.",hackwagon-academy
The pros of attending this program is that it allows me a beginner to learn the fundamentals of python and allow me to learn how to code basic stuff that will possibly help me be it in school or at home. It also help to spark an interest in me to learn... Read More more coding in my own free time.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Good for beginners to get a grasp of the basics of Python,hackwagon-academy
The course was good for beginners with zero background in programming.,hackwagon-academy
Pros- detailed explanations on introduction to python programmingcons- Class is too long,hackwagon-academy
Lesson sometimes a bit too fast paced. Otherwise its great. Food is nice.,hackwagon-academy
"The TAs were great in guiding the class, and the curriculum was fantastic in exposing students who never had any experience in data science. Lesson structure was carefully planned and additional lessons were readily given in providing additional support... Read More for the weekly assignments!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros:- Structured ""do as you learn"" type of class, with clear explanations on the concept given before students practice- Approachable instructors who attend to your questions, both in class and outside of class- Conducive environmentCons:- Breakfast... Read More food is mainly pastries; can have more staples (e.g. sandwiches)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Took up DS101 due to the fact that I would be doing a Python module in uni next semester, instructor was very knowledgeable and able to equip us with the basic foundation for programming. Overall, very comprehensive curriculum, would recommend to students... Read More who are looking to learn more about Python!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Yusiang's consultations were good. My teacher Weihan was good too. But not so good is that they can be very strict and not understanding about your schedules. So if you are a busy person without a stable schedule I do not recommend Hackwagon. Other than... Read More that they are good. The TAs are always very helpful and the food is nice and good quality, you can tell the food is expensive. They have three screens so you can always see what's going on. Place is not too far from MRT too.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
the lessons were engaging and in-depth and the instructor was able to manage the class very well. The take home homework was especially useful in consolidating the material learnt in class. Overall a really great experience.,hackwagon-academy
"DS101 has provided a comprehensive introduction to Data Science and Python. As someone who knew completely nothing at all, I was able to follow through the classes well. The instructors and teaching assistants were friendly and extremely helpful too.... Read More Free (and good quality) yummy meals were provided during every lesson :DRead Less",hackwagon-academy
Attending this programme really provided me with a solid understanding of programming concepts and honed my computational thinking. The homework designed for us were challenging but extremely useful in reinforcing the concepts learned and improving our... Read More coding skills. No regrets attending this programme at all!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The program is useful for beginners to get their first exposure to Python. It also teaches how Python can help get useful insights from data.,hackwagon-academy
It was very insightful and enriching. The instructor was patietn,hackwagon-academy
It is a good introduction to python and the TAs are helpful in ensuring you are able to cope with the class and homework.,hackwagon-academy
"honestly, its quite fast pace, however, I do manage to catch up. I have learned a great deal comparing to online courses available out there. I do wish there's more time for assignment completion.",hackwagon-academy
The instructors and expert in their knowledge and the teaching is lively and interesting.,hackwagon-academy
Lessons were easy to follow with a gradual learning curve suitable for beginners.,hackwagon-academy
"The lessons gave me good foundation in data visualization, web scraping, pandas and machine learning.The teaching assistants are contactable via telegram to answer our queries.However, standards vary according to the instructor and TA team. My experience... Read More in DS102 is not as good as DS101.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros : subsided course, good introduction Cons: more content could be covered if it went at a faster pace",hackwagon-academy
"Pros:1) Has sufficient resources to disseminate information and for effective learning2) Pace is manageable, and can always keep up to understand3) Engaging and understanding instructors, always there to help",hackwagon-academy
"I signed up for this course as one who is without programming background, hence programming language does not come intuitively to me. The structure and syllabus have been well-planned and laid out in helping individuals like myself grasp basics of programming... Read More and understanding. the weekly review (Kahoot) games were fun and challenging to attempt. TAs were extremely helpful, patient and accommodating. this course has indeed build up a little more confidence and appetite for me to continue in attempting to develop my programming skills further along, albeit that it will take much more effort on my part to master it.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"pro - learn about the basis of python, there are TA to help us in the class, weiyuan is friendly and makes funny jokes. his teaching are easy to understand as well. cons - fast paced, not very easy to understand the concept with little practices",hackwagon-academy
"appropriate pace, good course content and delivery",hackwagon-academy
"good course content , pace may be a little too fast for newbies",hackwagon-academy
"Lessons are structured well and is layman enough for people without background although they'll be left behind pretty fast. Content was quite alot for a beginner course.Food ok lah, bento for most weeks, fast food for some including pizza and burgers.... Read More But if drinks is included it'll be perfect. kahoot seems abit lame, but that's mostly me as i don't read and think fast when it comes to programming.Overall - 8/10Read Less",hackwagon-academy
It is great to attend a course on Introduction to Python as it has been an informative and useful. The assignments are good. I particularly enjoy the online series though I appreciate the classroom classes too. The TAs and trainer are helpful. At times... Read More the class can be fast though it is usually well paced. The food provided (thanks for that!) is usually too spicy though they are rather tasty when they are not spicy (lol).Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"This is a great foundation course for Python programming. Love how the labs allow us to learn a technical topic in a fun way. When the going gets tough, we could also turn to the TAs for support. Many thanks to the TAs that went over and above their duty... Read More to help debug errors in codes.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Without prior background in Python, the Hackwagon team has provided a conducive and comfortable environment for learning this programming language from scratch. The team of instructors and teaching assistants are knowledgeable and helpful at all times.... Read More However, the pace of learning can be slower at times.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Curriculum is well-planned and the instructors are all helpful with queries. The lessons do not feel rushed.,hackwagon-academy
Comprehensive course for beginnersCould have provided more datasets to work with,hackwagon-academy
"Finally decided to pick up programming after years of procrastination and was really glad to have started it at Hackwagon. The instructors are very passionate and taught the courses in a way that was easily understandable. What I really liked about it... Read More all was that the teaching was very structured as every lesson would be accompanied by an assignment to put your learning to test. Am overall super happy with the course but if I need to state a con, it would be that I wished there were more practices to grasp the tougher concepts. Most of the times, the assignments were much tougher than the actual practice questions so it gets quite overwhelming. That said, will definitely recommend anyone whose keen to pick up programming to join!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros: - TAs are very competent and patient! THANK YOU :) - Basics were well covered so that even without background knowledge we know what to do Cons: - Maybe could have one more lesson on panda- Don't abruptly change instructor during the course because... Read More we need time to adapt to the instructor's teaching style (which may be very different!)Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The programme was well oriented. The TAs were well-prepared and ready to answer all questions. It was a great experience and 7 weeks to be remembered even tho the labs where hard.,hackwagon-academy
The bootcamp was holistic with well-planned lessons and in-class tutorials as well as take home labs.The bootcamp may be slightly fast paced.,hackwagon-academy
The lesson was easy to understand. The TAs and instructors are very helpful.,hackwagon-academy
Attending this course really helped me understand basic coding (in python) better. I took this course to help prepare myself before starting my university (computer science course). I feel that it is a fantastic course to take for those interested in... Read More basic programming.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The lessons were conducted in a fun and interesting way. I have learnt a lot from the past 7 lessons and am hoping to go on further into the next classes!,hackwagon-academy
pros-- get to practise basic python programming and have step by step guide on how to code. food was good and kahoot was funcons-- course time is a bit long,hackwagon-academy
"Excellent instuctors. Specia thanks to wei yuan, dion and linus who helped me with my questiins and requests. Couldnt finish the course without the support.",hackwagon-academy
"The pace was suitable for a beginner like me, and the TAs were very helpful. The lessons were also very structured and well-thought through, with helpful hints to ensure that you will not be lost.",hackwagon-academy
Great introductory class on how to use Python to do data analysis! Class was well-paced and teaching assistants were very friendly and approachable.,hackwagon-academy
"Great experience, lots of learning and joy. Joyful learning",hackwagon-academy
"Enjoyable, i've learned good skills from the course.",hackwagon-academy
"By attending this program, i was able to get to learn more about data analytics using python Coding. The curriculum was engaging and enriching.",hackwagon-academy
"This programme is very targeted, and teaches useful libraries and functions that are not likely to be taught in a fundamental programming module in university.",hackwagon-academy
"The TAs are very helpful and friendly, always willing to provide assistance and guidance to any queries we have.",hackwagon-academy
"I attended this 7-weekend data science course at Hackwagon Academy over the holidays. Honestly I struggled quite a little due to the content and also because I do not have any programming background. However, the instructors were very helpful and they... Read More regularly checked on us to make sure of our progress. Also feedback is given to help us with our codes. Overall I enjoyed myself and learned a lot!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: engaging instructors, varied curriculumCons: curriculum feels rushed as there can be a lot of things covered and we havent learn a lot as well (refered to a lot of stackoverflow codes instead of the class workbooks), welfare (food) can be better... Read More (it wasnt as good as compared to the beginner DS101 course), also last lesson was kind of empty (without the subsidies, I doubt anyone will pay close to $300 for a lesson that just has groups presenting about their projects, perhaps could teach us something new instead)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Course was well structured, instructors are knowledgeable and always ready to answer your doubts and questions. You are also free to choose your project topic, so there's a lot of freedom to try out new things.",hackwagon-academy
"Good welfare, decent dinner and the content learnt was really interesting. I like that they have projects for us to brush up our learning.",hackwagon-academy
"The speed of the lesson and the content level is excellent. Machine learning lesson pacing was too slow, could be faster. Everything else is perfect. Good work to the instructors.",hackwagon-academy
"A great intermediate course for anyone looking to get into the world of data science. Good curriculum, detailed learning materials and the instructors and teaching assistants are friendly and explain the concepts very well.",hackwagon-academy
"The instructors were very helpful in whatever doubts I had. The classes were never once boring, so I have never slept in this class not even once, even when my class is at 8pm. The fact that I usually sleep in class, in any other class, except this, shows... Read More that the class is very engaging and funny, a good environment to learn. Thank you to my instructor, Cleo, for making the class enjoyable.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Clearly outlined curriculum, which can be found on the website.If you are unmotivated to learn online even though you can learn more, this is a good starting point.Plus, you get a nice certificate",hackwagon-academy
"Introduction to many useful libraries, good food. Could use more tips on data cleaning.",hackwagon-academy
Pace of lesson was great. Good and useful materials. Project was interesting.,hackwagon-academy
"I felt that the lessons at Hackwagon were well-structured and insightful. However, there were parts during the machine learning lesson (lesson 6) that were taught too quickly and briefly and was really confusing.",hackwagon-academy
This program helps to understand the tools and packages that will be useful in data analysis. The instructor is really knowledgeable and explain the contents clearly and easily understandable. All these information also helps to trigger my thinking about... Read More how to apply these data analytics skills in my day to day jobscope.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The pros is that we really can apply what we have learnt into class into my future jobs.,hackwagon-academy
"Its a very good program, well-thought through. Sufficient depth and breadth, with useful hands-on assignments for the learning to sink in and be reinforced. Moreover, the training team is always ready for help.",hackwagon-academy
"I learnt about data science, pandas, matplotlib, numpy as well as certain aspects of machine learning.",hackwagon-academy
Pros: Learning about things beyond school curriculum. Cons: Lessons were rather slow.,hackwagon-academy
Course was well paced and the instructors and TAs are very knowledgable in their area of specialty. Explanations were clear and engaging.,hackwagon-academy
The course gives you lots of information and an interesting view of what Data Science is. The teaching staff was very helpful and warm with any queries. Highly recommended for anyone interested to know more about the Data Science industry and the Python... Read More language.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Instructors were well paced, programme well designed.",hackwagon-academy
"Been through 2 courses with them, a basic and an intermediate Python Course mainly because I am quite a mathy person who strongly believes in the power of programming and well, sponsored. Every lesson is sure to have great food. The TAs were mostly youngster... Read More whom, may not have the best teaching/communication skills, but are very passionate. Wayyyy better than lessons in a university, where you're thrown into the ocean to tread water and ""this is uni"". Pretty straight to the point compared to universities.The assignments are pretty real life, not like some that tells you to print fibonacci numbers. You're really dealing with a hugeass databases.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Reinforced the knowledge of data visualisation and sklearn machine learning models of linear regression, classification and kmeans to me, and better allow me to understand these modules better. Cons: strict and rigid marking scheme was used in the... Read More marking of assignments.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Having done programming nearly 25 years ago, I was keen on trying to learn a new language, especially one in the data science domain. This course was a great way to test the waters as it were wrt Python. The instructors were earnest and the course content... Read More was delivered in a way that was easy to understand. The quizzes added to the learning experience. I had a great time attending this course and I am keen on extending my learning journey in Python. Great stuff all through!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"- Preferred the DS101 class, DS102 was a lot more one-way teaching than in-class practice, making it much harder to absorb the class",hackwagon-academy
Pros: Lessons at the start was insightful about how to dp data analyticsCons: king of the hill and q&amp;a where prizes are given out feels toxic as they reward only the best in class and weak students lose out. The project at the end feels rushed,hackwagon-academy
"Good instructors and very clear instruction. Really learnt a lot from the course, especially where it pertains to using jupyter notebook to conduct data analysis.",hackwagon-academy
It is an enriching program to kick start the journey towards data science and programming,hackwagon-academy
"Interesting and I have gained a lot of knowledge with regards to Python and its' relevant packages. Overall, I have a great learning experience in Hackwagon and I would recommend it to my friends who are interested in Python as well.",hackwagon-academy
"Interesting and I have gained a lot of knowledge with regards to Python and its' relevant packages. Overall, I have a great learning experience in Hackwagon and I would recommend it to my friends who are interested in Python as well.",hackwagon-academy
Lessons were well planned out and the topics taught were relevant and interesting. The difficulty of problem sets are manageable and provide us with a form of challenge as well,hackwagon-academy
The program was introduced me to basic visualisation and analysis skills through coding. Although it could be structured to explain certain terms more layman for better understanding.,hackwagon-academy
"Allows me to learn more about data analysis using coding. Especially machine learning, etc",hackwagon-academy
It has good materials and gave us a direction on how to learn python,hackwagon-academy
Good course! Learnt a lot during the 7 weeks of lesson on Data Science. I will definitely recommend it to my friends (:,hackwagon-academy
"Very good, learnt quite a lot. Will definitely recommend to my friends",hackwagon-academy
"Very good, learnt quite a lot. Will definitely recommend to my friends",hackwagon-academy
"The Hackwagon DS102 course has been very insightful - I gained a deeper understanding on Python to work on data for various purposes. In particular, I really enjoyed the Machine Learning component. Although it was challenging at times, I think it is an... Read More important introduction for further learning in the future.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The program is really friendly in a sense that the instructors constantly checks up on me to see if i am following. I feel that i really learnt alot and the instructors are quick to response to our telegram messages and question. I am really grateful... Read More i attend this course.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"instructors are more well prepared compared to last year's run of DS101, really like the instructors and TAs!!",hackwagon-academy
Pros - enjoyable course- useful content for the workplace- instructors are knowledgeable,hackwagon-academy
"Teaching is clear, class is fun, Good welfare, instructor and TAs are friendly and helpful.",hackwagon-academy
"Good fundamental class for python, the classes done by main trainer Darren are excellent. Good pace, good explanation. Good if he continues to teach for the whole program",hackwagon-academy
"The lessons are well structured and moderately paced. Students with some experience in programming might find it slow and the instructors cater to them by providing extra practices which are quite a bit more challenging. There are 3 TAs within the class... Read More and it helps cater to the big size of the class(~50 students). No complaints, great course and very recommended for anyone who is interested in picking up a useful skill such as programming and sifting through data.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Learnt how to perform basic things on Python.Instructors were patient and good at teaching.Keep it up.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros:Easy to follow for the first six lesson; Compulsory HW is good for practiceCons:Last lesson was horrible, hard to catch uplab 4 was beri difficult to do",hackwagon-academy
Pros: pace of lesson is alrightCons: A lot of independent learning to get answers in homework labs,hackwagon-academy
An introduction to PythonThe Instructors were patient and were able to conduct the course well,hackwagon-academy
Pretty fun course for learning introductory data visualization using Python programming language. Would recommend for everyone without any prior programming background to attend.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Good TAs that will teach you whatever problems you have.Cons: None, homework load is just right",hackwagon-academy
pros: - knowledgable instructor- good food- excellent materials- able to cater to the needs of those who are lagging behind or need a refreshing by providing the online consultcons:- none unfortunately (:,hackwagon-academy
Learn the basic fundamentals of python.Able to understand the concepts and how to create and run useful functions,hackwagon-academy
"No bad. However, will need to consider working adults when formulating the homework and guidance",hackwagon-academy
"Began to learn how to use Python for data analytics and for basic programming. 7/10 with rice, will recommend.",hackwagon-academy
"This program was mentally stimulating, and the instructors were engaging.",hackwagon-academy
Good for beginners to get a grasp of how to use python specifically for data analytics,hackwagon-academy
"Very informational and interesting. Gets interesting but overall, good experience and exposure",hackwagon-academy
Great curriculum. Great materials. Great instructors.,hackwagon-academy
"The instructor was really good and clear in his delivery in class. The pace of every lesson for the 7 weeks were suited to student's needs and there would always be other tutors to help out with problems that we might face. Besides support on the content... Read More and learning, our welfare was well taken care of as well, where there would be wonderful snacks prepared for us for every lesson. More time slots could be opened so that more students would be able to join such an enriching and informative class! qRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"Course is useful and impactful in my understanding of Python. Very good takeaways and have learnt many things, grasp concepts well and able to apply the basics to work outside the course. Instructors are very helpful, and I especially enjoyed the online... Read More classes as it really helped me deepen my understanding and fundamentals. For improvements, I would suggest to incorporate in the first class the full value chain and front to back of where Python sits, and how it is used as a real life example, and how the results or output of Python can be used in a real work/ personal project setting i.e. transposed onto a presentation or outside of the Python ecosystem. I think this portion was partly covered in lessons 5 or 6, but it would be helpful to maybe educate learners in the first class.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"(+) Extremely easy to follow - pace of curriculum was well-adapted. Adequate build-up.(+) Nature of course was sufficiently challenging and rewarding when accomplished. (+) Time given and length of assignments were manageable.(-) Nearing the end of the... Read More course, lessons became more descriptive and less thought-provoking. (-) There were components in the assignments that did not seem to be covered during lessons. Would be interested to know if there were more efficient ways to solve questions as well.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Well paced for beginners, homework not too heavy. Instructors and TAs are willing to answer your questions.",hackwagon-academy
"I attended 7 week course on Introduction To Python Programming and enjoyed it! The instructor was clear and engaging in teaching us Python. I also like the food as every week is of a different variety. They do cater to vegetarian! Moreover, the TAs are... Read More very helpful. Especially Yu Jie who took his personal time to go through the course with me and my girlfrend at SMU. Another plus point is that you can claim 70% of the course fees under government subsidies. In short, it is recommended for anyone who wants to pick up programming.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
I am very impressed by hackwagon. I have learnt so much throughout the whole course and I have more confidence handling data now.,hackwagon-academy
"programming is an entire new world for me but joining this program taught me that no matter how daunting or complex something is, as long as you take small little steps, you can learn it eventually. i couldnt have done this without the help of the friendly... Read More instructors, with great pace during lessons so that everyone can catch up nicely to many foreign concepts, and also great environment for learning to take place. it was a really great experience overall and i dont regret taking this program, instead i feel more inspired to learn more about programming now (and others)!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The instructor is very bad. He is too fast and i cant keep up. However the course material is very useful for self revision and i am able to catch up. The TAs are very helpful and i think some of them are better teachers that the instructors. Overall... Read More will recommend this course as it forces me to learn to with the homework assignments - because i can technically learn this on my own but wouldnt have the motivation to do so.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros:- the instructor explains the concept clearly in the class- plenty of in-class exercises to practice the concepts taught- having kahoot quizzes in class makes it engagingCons:- lesson pace is a little fast at times,hackwagon-academy
The program is well-paced. Instructor and TAs are very encouraging and helpful! Information taught are very useful for real world applications.,hackwagon-academy
Insight into basic programminghomework can be quite tough,hackwagon-academy
Lectures are clear. Maybe can reduce the number of questions for assignment.,hackwagon-academy
"The class was easy to follow and there was sufficient support from the lecturer and TAs. One possible area for improvement is to consider including more content into the curriculum. We didn't have chance to explore and learn the various libraries in Python... Read More (only managed to learn 2-3 of them), but these libraries can be very useful for real-life applications.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"There is a good use case for the course, but the instructor wasn't good.",hackwagon-academy
Class is good to follow and great support from the teaching assistant,hackwagon-academy
Pros:-good materials-class in fun and interactivecons:-nil,hackwagon-academy
The course was well-paced with good support provided - Instructors and TAs are easy to contact for help and the material was easy to understand.,hackwagon-academy
The Instructors give clear explanations at a good pace that helps you to easily understand and build a strong foundation in basic python programming.,hackwagon-academy
"Pacing of the class is quite fast, but instructors and teaching assistants are very willing to provide help and the solutions to the in-class exercises to students.",hackwagon-academy
A simple to follow and nicely structured curriculum that enables all to learn python easily. TAs and professors explain the concept really well and are always available for us to ask questions regarding concepts and homework.Will definitely recommend... Read More this course to anyone wanting to get started in programming!!!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros:-Good materials used.-Food provided for lessons that are during lunch timings-Class has good practices for us to practise what we have learnt.Cons:nil,hackwagon-academy
this program is very beginner-friendly which really helped me to understand the basics of using python for data analytics.,hackwagon-academy
"The classes were taught in a progressive manner, this was beneficial for students who did not possess the pre-requisite knowledge on Python or Data Analysis. The TAs and Instructors were friendly and helpful and provided feedback freely. Keep it up! ... Read MoreA con was the recorded lectures sometimes were not related to the week's lesson, this could be attributed to different classes' recordings being used.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"DS101 by Hackwagon is a comprehensive introductory course to Python programming. The instructors are clear and patient, with assignments that are appropriate.",hackwagon-academy
The DS101 course was a great introductory course to python programming. The pace of the course was just right and i felt that it covers an adequate amount of content to do basic python programming. I like how there are assignments given at the end of... Read More the lesson and that additional practice materials were given as well. TAs were really helpful too.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"A great course that teaches you how to get started with Python and some of the more useful functions! Instructors were helpful and the free lunch provided every week was delicious. If you're a student under 25 years, this course is fully subsidized by... Read More IMDA.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Learnt the basics of Python. Conducive learning environment, instructor is knowledgeable on the subjectCons: TAs can improve on delivery of content i.e. going thru difficulties when going thru answers from previous week's assignment",hackwagon-academy
Went through the basics with good exercises. Pace was a bit slow at times but otherwise good. Leaves you confident enough of the basics,hackwagon-academy
pro: it teaches me python programming which is new to mecon: i feel that more can be thought as i feel that what they go through during lessons may not be sufficient to do the homework.,hackwagon-academy
Pros:Friendly instructors and teaching assistants.Wide variety of content covered for a 7 week classCons:Difficult assignmentsWide variety of content covered within a short period of time means that depth of some content may be compromised,hackwagon-academy
Good if you have absolute zero knowledge on codingBut not recommended if you think can get a significant boost in knowledge,hackwagon-academy
"DS101 is perfect for those who had 0 knowledge on coding, such as myself. Definitely would recommend.",hackwagon-academy
The instructor and TAs were very helpful throughout the 7 weeks! I really enjoyed my time in class,hackwagon-academy
This course is great for those who have no prior knowledge on programming as it gives a comprehensive overview on the basics of Python and how it can be applied to Data Science.,hackwagon-academy
"This program is a simple introduction into python and data science, easy to understand and to follow.",hackwagon-academy
"Optimal learning environment, complimentary refreshments, experienced instructors",hackwagon-academy
The lessons are well-structured and I feel that the skills learnt are applicable,hackwagon-academy
"Through this course, I was able to learn the basics of programming with python, and build up basic competencies in working with data.",hackwagon-academy
Great and conducive learning environment with teaching assistants to speed up learning.,hackwagon-academy
Learnt the basics of python programming in a short 7 weeks,hackwagon-academy
"The lessons provided by Hackwagon are indefinitely insightful for those who are interested to grasp what is Data Science about and basic programming knowledge. I was able to appreciate the applications and the methodology when using Python language during... Read More this course. The content was presented in a 'simple to understand' scheme, and the instructors are well verse in teaching the different concepts. There were also online sessions for those who were unsure of concepts and to clarify key pointers taught in class, as well as occasional games to keep the brain always thinking. The refreshments provided are also quite satisfying but that should be a side bonus (haha). All-in-all, the DS101 is a course that will benefit those who are wanting to pursue this field and for those who wants to get an idea on data analysis. Two thumbs up and will definitely consider for DS102!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
~Able to fully understand the basic concept of python~Instructor and TAs are willing to answer any question or doubt,hackwagon-academy
"As an introduction to Python, DS101 has been able to carry across the basic principles of python functionality, allowing graduates to manipulate and display many forms of data across platforms from html to excel files. The lessons are spaced sufficiently... Read More for learning, and take-home projects are sufficiently challenging for students to remain fresh on newly taught principles, and as well as train their problem-solving mindset.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The DS101 program provided by Hackwagon has been a great introduction to the world of python programming. Through this course, I have certainly grown a keen understanding and appreciation to the role that programming plays or could play in everyday applications.... Read MoreWith the guidance of the instructors, the delivery of the lessons was effective and easy to follow. The homework assignments were not too difficult and will reinforce your understanding of the respective topics.Given the aforementioned, if you are interested in learning the basics of python programming, look no further and register for this course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Learnt quite a few functions of python and there were a few real life examples and assignments for us to work on which helped us to better see how it can be applied. Quite enriching and a meaningful class!,hackwagon-academy
"I had initially thought that learning python would be extremely daunting. However, the instructors in Hackwagon have done such as good job in conducting the classes that the past 7 weeks have been absolutely enjoyable for me. No doubt, there were times... Read More where certain concepts got a little challenging for me, but I could always count on the dedicated instructors to help clarify concepts that I do not understand. Over in Hackwagon, instructors are always encouraging us to ask questions whenever we do not understand. True to their talk, they always reply to queries with great efficiency and clarity. I am looking forward to pursuing the next course with them!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"The instruction was interesting &amp; motivating, and I'm confident of being able to learn more independently.",hackwagon-academy
- Syllabus is very well structured with appropriate amount of topics to start with programming in Python- Pacing is good with appropriate amount of topic covered each week- Excellent practical examples- Very good homework to apply topics covered in class... Read More- Instructor is explains clearly with the help of examplesRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Tutor is very very passionate about teaching and ensuring that we understand the concept well. He take a lot of time to provide us extra materials which I really appreciate. He explains the concept in simple terms and in small steps so that we are able... Read More to fully understand the functions that were used. This is very helpful when we are doing the labs and understanding the lessons.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The program was enriching and I learnt how to analyse data in a fast and efficient manner. There were many real life examples given. These helped to reinforce the concepts taught. It would be great if more content on Excel manipulation and how to change... Read More and produce new excel files using python can be taught.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Good course generally, instructors are clear in articulating the beginning concepts of data science.",hackwagon-academy
Well-paced lessons for beginners to programming such as myself. Instructors are able to teach concepts in simple and easy terms such that I am able to grasp the information effectively.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Was were very approachable and helpfulCons: Pace of lesson was bit fast for the last few 3 lessons, TA taught too fast Food provided could have been better",hackwagon-academy
Great instructors with clear guidanceChallenging assignments to further push one's fundamentals and to ultimately strengthen them as well,hackwagon-academy
"The DS101 course provided an excellent and accessible avenue for non-coders to be inducted into coding. The course pace was challenging but fully suitable for complete beginners like myself. Extra online consultations were also provided, and the Teaching... Read More Assistants were approachable via Telegram outside class if we needed any help. Over the past 7 weeks, I have gained a better understanding of the fundamentals of coding.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The program was very well-structured and enables people with zero programming experience to pick up programming easily.,hackwagon-academy
It was a fulfilling and enriching experience and it allowed me to pick up new skills which can be very useful in my future endeavours.,hackwagon-academy
"Pros:- Engaging lessons - Fun quizzes which help to further reinforce key concepts taught in previous lessons- Meals are provided, which keeps us energized throughout - Instructor and TAs are really friendly and approachable, and will help us with any... Read More queries- Instructor and TAs also give alot of tips, such as websites if we are interested in learning more about pythonCons:- Some lessons were abit fast paced because of time constraints and the amount of concepts which had to be coveredRead Less",hackwagon-academy
Pace of the course is just right and the instructors are prompt and helpful in replying enquiries. Overall an enjoyable experience!,hackwagon-academy
It was super fun and challenged my way of thinking and modelling data/problems.,hackwagon-academy
Some of the advantages as to attending the DS101 class at Hackwagon Academy would include gaining access to useful python resources and step-by-step guidance on python coding for beginners. The Instructors and Teaching Assistants have been extremely helpful... Read More throughout the 7 weeks of the course as they would respond to us promptly when we are in doubt.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Pros1. Engaging lessons2. Instructors were very helpful 3. Beginners with no coding background will find Hackwagon beneficial,hackwagon-academy
Great intro class good pace well structured but the food was too boring as compared to the lunch and dinner meals,hackwagon-academy
This camp has provided me with a glimpse into the world of coding and the extensiveness of what the python can achieve.,hackwagon-academy
The course was very clear and effective in helping me to understand the basics of coding in python,hackwagon-academy
"The module was a great eye-opener and experience into the world of coding and computer science. Learning python from scratch, the instructors were very patient and kept the class at a steady pace. The course was well conducted and the assignments given... Read More got progressively harder as the course progresses, which was a good indicator of our learning progress. Would definitely recommend students to join this course as it is subsidized by the government and it allows you to learn a skill which may be a requirement in the future workforce.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
This program gave me a brief insight on how being a data science student would be. I attended the course in hopes of understanding what my Uni course would be like. I am currently enrolled in NUS Data Science and Analytics. This course has helped me have... Read More a better understanding of how programming is and helped me to make a more informed choice on whether I want to carry on with the course.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
The pacing of the course is good and I've learnt just enough to kickstart my journey in programming. Really enjoyed it!,hackwagon-academy
"DS101 a good starts for user without coding background, TAs are very patients and give alot of guidelines.",hackwagon-academy
Helpful teachers who go the extra mile for their students. Excellent for people who have no coding exp.,hackwagon-academy
The course allowed me to gain a fundamental understanding of Python programming which is definitely a beneficial skill to have in today's evolving workplace. The instructors were very clear and the teaching assistants were always available to ensure that... Read More we understood the content. Would recommend this course to anyone who has an interest in learning coding but has no prior background.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
It was a challenging and brain-stimulating course. Materials provided were really applicable to real-life scenarios and I can foresee myself being able to apply what I learnt in my work in the future. Instructors are very helpful and knowledgeable.,hackwagon-academy
The lessons were insightful with each lesson being taught with a particular curriculum structure.The teaching instructor and teaching assistants are very prompt and passionate in helping students.They also go out of their way to provide us with online... Read More consultations to consolidate our learning.Read Less,hackwagon-academy
Learned useful coding techniques during the course. Instructors are patient too.,hackwagon-academy
Good course. pacing was good and was informational,hackwagon-academy
Pro: Lessons are clear &amp; well explained.Cons: Not enough practices/example to prepare us for the lab exercises,hackwagon-academy
Fun and informative session.Guidance and support was rendered whenever we have doubts about the lesson,hackwagon-academy
It was an excellent learning experience with comprehensive worksheets that are easy to use outside of the classroom. The staff is very helpful and friendly.,hackwagon-academy
Assignment deadline should be by the next class rather than midweek. It's difficult to attempt all questions by the middle of a work/internship week.,hackwagon-academy
"Fun, engaging and helpful. Training was easy to follow and effective.",hackwagon-academy
"Great class, great instructors, well-planned curriculum",hackwagon-academy
I feel that Hackwagon has a really good teaching team who are willing to help the students outside of class. They always try to improve by listening to feedbacks from the students and pro-actively react to them. I will definitely recommend this course... Read More to my friends!Read Less,hackwagon-academy
"Well paced course, engaging instructor, and helpful teaching assistants.",hackwagon-academy
"Pros of joining:- you actually learn python, and the assignments help you to learn the concepts well- nice and helpful instructors and TAs!!- their welfare spoil market oneCons:- location of the course is a bit into the west but tbh all the pros &gt; this... Read More conRead Less",hackwagon-academy
"There are many coding bootcamps out there and I can definitely say Hackwagon bothers to read the after-lesson surveys. I know this because the instructor, Jon Chew talked about providing a roadmap for beginners which was something I asked about. I only... Read More did the post-class survey a few days after the lesson concluded, so I was a little surprised he read it. No matter how good the product is and Hackwagon delivers a solid product, I do appreciate a company that listens 'post-purchase'. I will be joining the DS102 class towards the end of the year and I hope to see Jon Chew and the TA team again (Vin, Dick and Vera).Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Attending DS101 in Hackwagon Academy was a nice place to be introduced into the fundamentals of Python. Instructors were nice and readily helpful. Programs planned were interactive as they got us to participate by using Kahoot. That helped us to make... Read More sure we understand the concepts taught and even if we got it wrong, the instructor will go through each question to reinforce the understanding of the topic.Food provided also helps make us feel more chill. If possible, I'd definitely continue with Hackwagon Academy to further improve my skills in coding.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Pros: Get to learn the basics of Python and instructors, TAs are very patient and helpful. It was a pleasant experience. Food is nice but can have more variety. There are many questions to consolidate the lessons and help us understand concepts better.... Read MoreCons: The course can be longer than 7 days and instructions given in homework can be clearer. Sometimes I have difficulties in understanding what the questions are asking for.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"For a newbie, the course provides a good way to get into codingBut expectations should be tempered regarding applications - this course is basic level",hackwagon-academy
"Patient and knowledgeable coach and TAs in the class. Even with little responses from the class, coach Jon Chew is able to understand the class needs.Good ambience and set up of class. They encourage students to come to them if we need help for after... Read More class assignment. Their responses are quite prompt.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Had fun learning about Data Analytics. Though I have little knowledge about anything related to data science, the classes were well taught and easy to understand. The instructors are super enthusiastic and always willing to help too!",hackwagon-academy
"This course provides sufficient practice in basic python, with an introduction to matplotlib and pandas toward the end of the course for data analysis and visualisation. The course was well-paced and the instructors were able to explain the concepts in... Read More rather layman terms, which I could understand as a newbie to programming. The assessments were of acceptable difficulty, which were not too challenging but still helped to reinforce concepts.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Really enjoyed the program - for someone who has never touched Python, it was a very manageable course that helped break down the concepts very clearly and concisely. The lessons were engaging, with practices and homework after the class to ensure we... Read More kept up, and if we couldn't manage, the Teaching Assistants were always there to guide us through. The learning environment was also super conducive to learn in (food is provided!). This programme really piqued my interest in programming and would strongly recommend in to individuals interested to start programming :)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Really enjoyed the program - for someone who has never touched Python, it was a very manageable course that helped break down the concepts very clearly and concisely. The lessons were engaging, with practices and homework after the class to ensure we... Read More kept up, and if we couldn't manage, the Teaching Assistants were always there to guide us through. The learning environment was also super conducive to learn in (food is provided!). This programme really piqued my interest in programming and would strongly recommend in to individuals interested to start programming :)Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Pros1) Easy to understand2) Lessons were well timed3) Fast track is good for people who do not want to commit for long duration but do not mind short term duration commitment4) Food is provided.5) Tutors are really helpful on and off the lesson.,hackwagon-academy
"PROS -(1) The lessons were well paced and even though I managed to complete most of the tutorials before the class, i still managed to learn lots from the formal lesson because they covered a lot more than I read.(2) It gave a good introduction to Python... Read More and it spurred me to continue in this learning journey.(3) I'm looking forward to DS102.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
The Hackwagon DS101 course was extremely comprehensive. Concepts were taught at a good pace and ensured a deep understanding of what we were doing. Regular labs also allowed us to practice the skills that we learnt. Bonus is that food was provided!,hackwagon-academy
"I had little experience coding or dealing with computers. Hackwagon Academy's curriculum was perfect in the way that it allowed students with 0 background in coding to pick up Python and basic Data Analytics. It allowed me to have confidence that learning... Read More to code and excelling in it is not one that is only applicable to some people, but through self- motivation and determination you can be a super coder too! :) Thank you Hackwagon Academy for giving me 24/7 support whenever I needed through Telegram and giving me advice on how to further go grow into a future Data Analyst.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
"Attended the fast-track course. Although the lessons were fast with a lot of information to digest, the instructors and teaching assistants were helpful in clarifying any doubts. Lessons were also clear and organised. Certainly a good crash-course for... Read More the basics of python!Read Less",hackwagon-academy
Hackagon provides a conducive environment to pick up python programming language with well-versed adjunct instructors and passionate teaching assistants. Definitely a strong recommendation for students who are looking to pick up an important life skill.... Read MoreRead Less,hackwagon-academy
Really enjoyed the speed and practices given by bandwagon. Can fully apply it after!,hackwagon-academy
"I first attended this course feeling apprehensive because I had zero knowledge in Python. However, Filbert made learning of the course extremely easy. Over a course of 7 weeks (which I wish could have been slightly longer), I managed to learn all the... Read More basics of Python through the lessons and weekly projects, and these were enough to even get me started on mini projects myself. If anyone with no coding background is looking to start, I would highly recommend this course.Read Less",hackwagon-academy
