"Review","school"
"IRONHACK will be the best choice if you want to go deeper and have solid foundations in web Development. The tools provided helps you achieve with success the bootcamp.The teachers and T.As are always here for you and everybody is really supportive. I... Read More spend my bootcamp in an hybrid form ( you can choose between working from home or going to school ) and it was a very good experience.Just one tip for the futur web dev , get familiar with dev by doing some online course to be ready and to take all the advantage of the bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"I could not be more impressed with my experience at Ironhack. Where do I start? When I discovered the UX field I knew that I would be a perfect fit, however, I also knew I needed proper guidance when making the career change. Ironhack provided me with... Read More more than enough guidance and resources to accomplish my goal of landing a job and making a complete career change. This program is called a 'bootcamp' for a reason. It is tough and intense. You are learning A LOT each day through lectures and (mostly) project work. However, the instructors are there for you at all times to answer any questions and offer you the proper guidance. The instructors I had were VERY knowledgable about the UX process and best practices, and they were always so patient with those who needed extra time to fully understand the concepts. I never felt intimidated or scared to approach them with any questions or concerns that I had. They created a very inspiring and encouraging classroom environment. Following the examples of our instructors, all of my fellow classmates were always willing to help each other out and pick each other up. By the end of the bootcamp, we had all gotten pretty close and it was honestly hard to say goodbye. Another part of the program I really benefitted from was their Career Services. Brito (the Ironhack Outcomes Manager) is an absolute job and networking guru! Something I really liked about this part was their honesty. They made it clear that if you want to land a job out of this program, then you need to be the one doing the networking and applying. So many bootcamps out there promise that they will hand you a job right out of the program, which is total BS. But Ironhack's approach is to teach you the best methods of networking, applying, interviewing, and setting up your LinkedIn. Rather than catching a fish for you, they teach you how to fish. I was able to land a really good Product Design job within a month of graduating. However, landing a job takes some people longer than others. I can honestly say that this program changed my life for the better. I was working in farms and restaurants prior to this, barely getting by on my hourly pay, and now I have landed a permanent role with a great salary and benefits. I am forever grateful for Ironhack and owe them so much. Last but not least I do want to say: this program isn't a walk in the park. It is a lot of work and very stressful at times, but this just means that you will be learning a lot of information. Any program worth doing will challenge you to become better. If you are serious about switching to a UX career, I would %100 recommend Ironhack!!!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack bootcamp is a unique experience where you are challenged during 10 weeks.it is not easy to learn how to be a webdev in a such a short amount of time but it works!Thanks to the great staff of Ironhack, you will never feel alone as their are all... Read More here to help you. They are patient and don't hesitate to take the time to reexplain things to you. At the end of the bootcamp, you will have some project that you can present as your portfolio.The facilities are suberbs, with modern design and good access to internet and furthermore, there is lots of goods restaurants around ;)Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the UX/UI bootcamp at Ironhack and it was a great experience.Even with the particular sanitary situation, Ironhack managed to give us, remotely, really qualitative education. The pedadogic team (teachers, TA) as long as the ""admin"" team, were... Read More really comprehensive and caring so that we live the best experience. I can't say how much it was rewarding, both on human and professional aspects. I would definitely recommend this bootcamp !Read Less",ironhack
"I'm really happy I made the decision to join Ironhack's web development bootcamp. I was a little nervous before joining the bootcamp because I was changing from a completely different career field and had little previous experience in coding, but it turned... Read More out to be a great decision! The bootcamp is intense, but totally worth it because you become immersed in the code and progress quickly. I can't believe how much I learned in just a few weeks. The time flew by! The course is made up of three modules, which each last 3 weeks, and at the end of each module there is a project, so you put your new knowledge into practice straight away. You decide what your project is going to be, so you get to work on something that really interests you. The bootcamp is well run and organised, all the staff were very supportive and approachable. The teaching staff are knowledgeable and explained things clearly, and were happy to answer any questions we had. Because of the pandemic, the bootcamp took place in a hybrid format which allowed the flexibility to choose to work from home or come to class. I met a lot of great people. There was always a friendly atmosphere in the classroom, and we would help each other out when we were stuck or share helpful tips and tricks. All in all, the Ironhack bootcamp was a very positive experience for me, and I highly recommend it.Read Less",ironhack
"Pros : a really well organized program to learn with efficiency all the basics in web dev. You will learn fast, hard and well. Teachers an TI are great and always there to answer your demands. The programs are made to be as efficiant as possible for students... Read More to learn faster as possible.Cons: the possibility to do an internship or an alternation at the end of the 10 weeks would have been great. Sometimes, the rythme is so intense that you feel lost... everything goes really fast, but that is what a bootcamp is, and at the end, you might not have all insurance to get your first job.Read Less",ironhack
"I have thoroughly enjoyed my time at Ironhack in 2020. From the rich lessons provided by our Teacher extraordinaires to the Program manager’s benevolence, everything was made to help us progress in a safe and exciting environment during the Covid-19 pandemic.... Read More The design challenges and the capstone project with a start-up gave us plenty of opportunities to try out the different methods we learned. I wished we had an introduction to UX writing, but the Bootcamp gave me the confidence to transition to UX, as well as the knowledge and skills required to do so. It’s now up to me to continue learning by myself as one does after graduating from any school or college. It was inspiring to work with other students in such an immersive training program. We helped each other, supported one another, and also had tons of fun on Zoom and Slack. I highly recommend Ironhack to anyone looking for a program to start learning UX design. It's demanding during the Bootcamp, and you will have to study some more on your own afterward. But it's no doubt a great stepping-stone to begin working as a Product Designer.Read Less",ironhack
"I did the full time bootcamp. It was just before the second lockdown so I followed classes on the campus and on Zoom. I have mixed feelings about it so I made 2 lists. Let's start with the cons (so I can finish on a positive note): - There is only 1 teacher.... Read More He's called lead teacher but he is the only one so ""lead"" here is irrelevant. I think it's a shame because there are so many ways to do design that learning just one approach is a bit short. - They make you buy a macbook for nothing. There are two 3 hour lessons on Sketch. Which is pretty much the only reason you'd need a Mac. keep your money, work on a PC and borrow a MacBook for these lessons. You'll be fine. - Figma &amp; Sketch Labs are very very light. I really feel I still can't make the most of them. - The webdev week is laughable. The ""lead teacher"" was trying his best to teach us webdev basics. I was expecting a proper webdev teacher with structured and organized classes. I thought my 8000€ would buy that. I was naive. - The social aspect is cheap. They emphasize on the possibility to network and all the fabulous events that are organized... It doesn't exist. There are IronBeers on the rooftop once a week with one beer/person that they put in the fridge in advance so you can't really come unexpectedly. For the last one we had a few chips, 1 slice of ham per person and madeleines from Franprix with cheap wine. Just sad and cheap. Now let's talk about the pros: - the remote classes didn't feel so remote. They had some training with the first lockdown. It was pretty easy to follow even though we weren't on the campus. - The educational method is very efficient. You start working on projects from day one. You practice directly what you learn during class which makes it immediately very concrete and understandable. - At the end of the bootcamp, I felt ready to work. I had projects to show on my resume and I had some work worth a portfolio. And that is what counts!!!! - The career week and the coaching are both very good. I just finished so I can't tell more but from I've seen so far, it's the first time I feel supported in my job search. To wrap it up, like I said in the title: it's a good bootcamp but you can probably find the same quality for less money. So if you have a grant or subsidy of any kind go for it!Read Less",ironhack
"I found out about Ironhack UX/UI Design bootcamp during an open event organised by the school. I decided to join the program despite the fact that I didn't have any background in design. But I was encouraged by the beginner's mind and learning by doing... Read More spirit of the bootcamp. Right from the start we began to work on very concrete and interesting projects and learn to create valuable deliverables. Although the pace of the bootcamp was very demanding I could follow-up thanks to an amazing supervision from the educational staff, and also receive great support from my classmates (even though the bootcamp was done remotely due to the pandemic). The bootcamp is tough but you will never be alone in the journey and you can always rely on someone to solve the biggest issues you will face. In the end of the 9 weeks of the program I was able to realise things I would never though I will be capable of ! The big glow of the program is that you will have the chance to work with a real company for your final project, which will teach you how to be a designer not only in theory but also inside a corporate environment. The downsides of the program is that it is relatively expensive and requires you to have your own equipment (but you can find help from the staff for financial issues). Overall, the program was an amazing experience from me and allow me to learn a solid basis a UX skills that will probably help me tremendously in my professional career.Read Less",ironhack
"Amazing teachers, classes and support during the Bootcamp! 🔥😀🔥I strongly recommend IRONHACK if you want to learn Web Development. The teachers and T.As are always here for you and everybody is really supportive. If you are looking for a fast pace learning... Read More environment, IRONHACK is made for you!! But be ready invest yourself 100% into the course during the Bootcamp! 🔥😀🔥Read Less",ironhack
"I am very happy to have chosen the UX-UI Design course from the Ironhack school.After only two months of intensive training, I feel legitimate to apply for a job in the field of UX design. Moreover, the team is always available to answer or advise us.... Read More And I loved the afterwork on Friday evening.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has adapted perfectly to the covid crisis with its hybrid version: online courses, with the possibility of following it from campus or from home. The staff are lovely, the teachers knowledgeable, and the kindness is omnipresent.The premises of... Read More the Deskop coworking space are very pleasant and very suitable for bootcamps. The district has many restaurants of all kinds that offer take-out. In short: an ideal setting for our learning!Regarding the lessons, the pace is very fast: it starts strong and it never stops. Fortunately, the teacher is available and always takes the time to answer questions (so do not hesitate to ask!). It is vital to be hyper motivated because the lack of time during the bootcamp implies a personal work downstream to go further.Many projects are to be presented (perhaps too much, which is frustrating when you want to go further, but) this allows you to constantly put into practice the courses of the week, and especially to have concrete to present to recruiters as soon as we are looking for a job.On the techno side, the courses are clearly focused on Python, but allow a good grip of Git, SQL and Tableau. The course materials are online and do not always match the content of the course itself. Sometimes that's good because it provides clarification, but you can't always find what has been said in class ... ""Google is our friend""!Many projects are to be presented (perhaps too much, which is frustrating when you want to go further, but) this allows you to constantly put into practice the courses of the week, and especially to have concrete to present to recruiters as soon as we are looking for a job.This bootcamp was a great experience for me, I met great people and I learned a lot. But the covid crisis makes job search tough, even in the data industry, and this training does not cover all the techno requested by employers, who are looking for seniors or young graduates with at least internship experience or co-op education... it's important to be aware that Ironhack doesn't make it easier to find a job anymore.Read Less",ironhack
"ProsA chiseled program split into 3 perfectly timed modules and a career week to finishFriendly, patient and bilingual teachersExtra curricular activities such as meet-ups and webinarsConsA little too expensive for the course and the facilities",ironhack
I did this bootcamp because i wanted to face new challenge and be a web dev.Why i choose and why you should choose this bootcamp;Pros: - Great teachers - Learning by doing- People you meetCons:- Difficult for people with 0 knowledge in development- Full-time... Read More mean full-time :)Read Less,ironhack
"I started my bootcamp in web development at Ironhack. I had almost no basis in coding, I didn't expect tolearn that much things in just two months. It was pretty intese as expected and we learned a lot of things everyday but always had the chance to practice... Read More what we just learned. The teachers and administration were really helpful when we were stuck and it was really great way to improve. The two teacher assistant were previous students of the bootcamp so they were really understanding what we faced. Furthermore, what we learned seemed really connected to the business reality.Overall it was really an unforgettable experience with a lot of new things learned.Read Less",ironhack
I was in the Web Dev August Cohort. It was a very good and awesome experience. Very good pedagogy. Intense and challenging training. You will not have the same way of thinking after the bootcamp 💪🏼 Teachers are great and so does for the whole team! Had... Read More the chance to meet awesome people as well! I recommend 🙂Read Less,ironhack
"I've been a part of Paris August 2020 cohort. The bootcamp is very technical, concentrating mostly on Python and ML skills. Nice selection of students, good impression overall, but too few SQL and DataViz time. I had a feeling that they're trying to make... Read More of us Data Scientists (algorithms, Machine Learning, a lot of mathematics), which is impossible in two months. Very happy to learn Python though as it's a nice skill to have, asked a lot in interviews.Fun and hard working atmosphere. Career services are a nice bonus for the end. PS. Strangely, all the feedback that you're asked to do every week is not anonymous - means that if you write something non-positive, you can be contacted to explain yourself. Never seen that before.Read Less",ironhack
"I am glad to have invested my time and money in this bootcamp. It is very intensive, especially in the first couple of weeks because you are learning so many new things at once. But it end it's worth it because you finish the bootcamp with a theoretical... Read More and practical knowledge of Python, Machine Learning, SQL and Web Scraping.Learning remotely due to COVID was a struggle sometimes because there were some connection difficulties and we couldn't hear the teacher very well. But overall, I can say that what learned remotely would probably be the same if I had learned inside a classroom.Read Less",ironhack
"The bootcamp doesn't seem to be that long, but thanks to the classes and the projects we are learning so much in a short amount of time. Furthermore we are working on project after class and during weekends, because we are motivated and giving ourselves... Read More fully.Read Less",ironhack
"Before I started the bootcamp, I was really scared I wouldn't make it. But that was before... =) At Ironhack you will find :- A teaching team that listens and is always there to help and support you- Great courses - A very good atmosphere - Top tips",ironhack
"I wanted to change of career path and I chose Ironhack to learn web-development. It's tough when you start from 0 but all the team is great and encouraging. If you have any doubt, talk with them, they are here to help. Lessons are complete, you will learn... Read More a lot of different tools, really useful. The 3 projects summarize and mix what you learned, you will practice a lot and that's the best way to learn. And the career week will help you to be ready to find a job. Teachers and TA did a great job. Really good program and cheerful team. The bootcamp is over 2 months so you have , obviously, to practice and improve by yourself also.I did all the bootcamp in remote, it was ok and they dealt with it pretty well. For me, it was actually better because I couldn't move to Paris.I recommend this bootcamp! Thank you all.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the Berlin bootcamp and the biggest pro is that the teachers and assistants are highly qualified and have real experience in the industry. I however have countless bad experiences. Firstly I found that they were not transparent E.g every student... Read More pays a difference amount for tuition and since I paid full price I felt a a bit cheated when I found out other people in my class paid substantially less. They also promised career service after the bootcamp but never really supported people in my cohort, as a result I really struggled to find a job afterwards. At present only 3 people in my class have found a developer job in my class. They also promised that alumni would have access to the teaching material but instead we only have access to outdated web dev teaching material. The worse part of this entire experience is that they never addressed our concerns. I would not recommend studying at this bootcamp!Read Less",ironhack
"(Por favor copie e cole no google tradutor se você é um futuro estudante e esta pesquisando sobre qual escola ir) Covid 19, lost my Grandpa, lost two businesses, went completely bank corrupt, and decided to sign up for the boot camp because was always... Read More one of my dreams and I used to be a very big Fã of iron hack. The boot camp for its self was perfect, a lot of things happened in my personal life in the middle and they were very supportive. But in the end, they are lacking in their customer service for their older students, they claim to have a slack Channel but they don't answer you there, they promise a T-shirt for everyone, which is very SIMPLE, and until today we got nothing, as I also need to review some of the classes that I had because they said that each class was being recorded (on zoom) and in fact was, but they won't answer you back when you need, I already sent two emails and yes they read it already ( i have a tool that shows that), but nothing, it's so frustrating because I still need to finish my portfolio to start looking for jobs, but before I wanna see a few things that I forgot, BUT they don't answer, come on guys, for a really expansive Bootcamp and a school like you guys, you guys will really fail with me because of a simple email?I even referred you guys to a friend in Portugal, and yes he joined you guys because of me. It's really frustrating. Hope this can help you guys before you signing up. It's so sad to see how you guys really get me, got my money, and left alone in the middle of a pandemic, and yes, why I say that? Because you guys promise me that everything was going to be okay, and it's not! I just need the link for the recording class, that's it! I Paid for that, that's why I think it’s the minimum thing that I could get back from you guys.Read Less",ironhack
"A truly amazing experience, to be honest. I was part of the Part-Time UX Design course for 6 months, and I cannot really describe how much I enjoyed the process. For me, it was life-changing. I came into class with minimal background in design and walked... Read More out the door with a wide range of skillsets (from UX Research, Design Thinking, UI Design software technical skills to even project management and communication, etc.). The Ironhack Miami classroom environment is beautiful, and its location is a jewel (in the heart of Brickell).But the real value of Ironhack Miami resides in its people and staff. The social interactions, professional network, and friends that you are going to make there are gold. I cannot thank enough to my design instructors Snezana, Juno, and Jade. Big THANKS also to Brito, the Digital Talent &amp; Business Development Manager, for his constant support and advice after graduation in the Job Hunt process.All I can say is that a year ago, I was frustrated in a job with no growth, no passion, no recognition for my efforts, and today I am moving into a full-time UI Design role in a big company in the middle of a pandemic with a tough job market. Still cannot believe it, my life is about to change, and Ironhack was definitely the trigger.THANK YOU IRONHACK MIAMI SO MUCH!!!Personal advises:- If you can, create a little design foundation by learning before joining the course (Youtube, etc.). This will make you stand out- PLEASE never stop learning, during, and even after the course. Be curious and try to learn as much as you can by yourself. Just the course is not going to make you land the job or a pro. You need to have the drive and passion for it (this is were most of the people fail after the course, in my opinion)- Participate in meetups and reach out to the community for help if necessary, do not be afraidRead Less",ironhack
"I use to work in advertisement and decided to move into data through a bootcamp.I was in Paris' June Data Analysis bootcamp, which were 100% remote due to sanitary reasons.The lessons were very clear, really intense of course, but the teacher were here... Read More for us exactly as if we were on the campus.We've learned a lot throught those 9 weeks, and people are always amazed to realize all we were able to learn efficiently in such a short time.I'm really glad I had the chance to attend this bootcamp, because today I'm a proud Data Analyst.Read Less",ironhack
"« On m’avait prévenu de ce que voulait dire « bootcamp » mais je ne m’attendais pas à un tel rythme », c’est ce que j’ai beaucoup dit en présentant la formation ironhack UX/UI. En deux mot, cette formation est une superbe expérience. Étant déjà familiaire... Read More avec le métier j’avais de grandes attentes pour cette formation et je n’en suis pas déçue. J’ai été impressionné par la qualité de l’enseignement et de l’évolution des étudiants en si peu de temps. Nous avons beaucoup appris, les projets ont étés tres formateurs. L’entraide et l’ambiance générale ont été assez exceptionnels. Nous avons réalisé la formation à distance et ce fut tellement concluant que je compte travailler en entreprise full remote très bientôt.Read Less",ironhack
"I am very satisfied of my training this summer at Ironhack Paris. Even with the pandemic issues, the classes were taught easily via videoconference. I did lack the human vibe sometimes but fortunately, we could access the campus and meet with other classmates.... Read More Bootcamp: it is a very challenging training as it will take most of your evenings and week-ends (and your whole brain and mind) to learn, design and collaborate but it truly worths it: I have no hesitation anymore to prepare and rock presentations, work with a team and talk product strategy with my clients. Indeed, this training makes you confident enough to work for any early stage start-up and as a junior ux/ui designer even if you have no background in design. For the career program however, be sure to confirm what you really will get as there are re-adjusting their offer according to the current covid- situation.Read Less",ironhack
"I am delighted to have been able to realize a web development bootcamp at IronHack. Despite the context (covid-19), the classes went well and we received quality instruction. The pedagogical team is listening and accompanies the students as well as possible... Read More throughout the training. The content of the training is very relevant, and favors the integration into the job market after the bootcamp. As is the career service that helps us find a job after the training. A great experience, I will do it again without hesitation!Read Less",ironhack
"I decided to follow Ironhack's program in the context of changing jobs from sales to Product Management. The objective was to develop the necessary tech skills to better collaborate with a dev team in my future job. The bootcamp I followed was from June... Read More to August 2020 meaning everything was done remotely. In general I am very satisfied with this course. They have managed to adapt smoothly to only-remote classes and even in this context I found it very easy to learn and work with the other students. The morning was dedicated to class and afternoon to labs. One needs to bear in mind that this is an intensive bootcamp hence the need to dedicate some time outside the class hours to go through the class material or review the classes of the day. It took a little bit of time for me to realize that and I went through some quite anxious phases when at some points I was realizing I was completely lost!What I particularly liked was the fact that for my final project I was given the freedom to do it my way: I decided to follow a product management methodology to develop the app I was working on, meaning I spent a lot of time doing discovery before actually starting the development phase, and both the teacher and TA supported me on this initiative.Read Less",ironhack
"I had no experience in the field of UX UI Designer, today I'm able to have and analyze a User experience from A to Z.Thanks to the teacher who explain very well and were always with us when we needed. They were able to manage even during lockdownthank... Read More you for this wonderful experience!!Read Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack FullTime Web Developement bootcamp and I was totally satisfied with this learning experience. I had no coding experience before taking the course so it was really challenging, but the courses are made not only to give a good baseground... Read More for technical skills but also give you all the tools to prepare you after the bootcamp to go further and continue developing your skills.I had excellent teachers that were highly skilled, always ready to help and really open to new suggestions. The Ironhack staff is also very supportive and always ensures that everyone feels comfortable during the learning process. If I can give some advice, just be sure you take enough time on the prework and you’re ready to be 100% involved in an intense but amazing experience. I highly recommend this bootcamp!Read Less",ironhack
"I has been years since I worked in the tech environment and really wanted to take a part in it.Ironhack helped me understand all those lines, logic and processes behind our web applications.Sure, it was intense, but It has been a long time since I had... Read More been this passionate about a subject, and wow, this feeling when you resolve a bug or when you make everything work... it's just amazing. It was a great time spend with the Ironhack team and my fellow Ironhakers (and even more because our cohort had many women in it!).I loved the group projects and the overall group dynamic, how the teacher and TA where there for us and really helped us and how for each module we had a time to make some feedback to improve our learning process (reviewing the practices that really worked for us, those that worked less, and make suggestions to improve our global experience).Oh, and the ironbeers, even on remote, where a total delight.I'm glad I picked Ironhack, first because I wanted to learn JS , second because they feel concerned about women in tech, and third because they really want to make the bootcamp a great experience and souvenir for you.Read Less",ironhack
"I really enjoyed my experience at Ironhack Paris. We did the class in a hybrid format due to covid-19 where the campus was open to students but all classes were virtual. I was impressed by the professionalism and the adaptability of the teaching staff... Read More , who managed to deliver a great experience despite de conditions.The curriculum is fast-paced, you will have to put in a lot of effort but it is worth it. You can see how much you've learned week after week and it is very valuable. I feel ready ton take on a UX job after the bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"Friendly environment with knowledgeable tutor, I cannot do it any better with online learning platforms.The 9 weeks is in fact 8 weeks comprised of 4 days intensive classes + labs and 1 day (in reality and the weekend) of project work. The final week... Read More was dedicated for the final project.The journey started long (dependent how you deal with deadlines/preparations) before the bootcamp with the introduction to git, python, sql and statistics. I highly recommend taking the time to absorb those information to form strong foundation for the upcoming challenge.Along the way, the supportive Ironhack team would check in to ensure you that the emotional rollercoaster is completely normal, I recommend speaking up with the rest of your class to share the experience, soon you will learn that you are not alone.The material covered are just deep enough to provide enough guidance for future work, let's be honest 8 weeks is a short time to cover everything. The most important is to deliver the mindset of questioning what is in front of you, and the toolkit and understanding to be able to do your own research faster.The projects and the subsequent presentation of your work is a valuable experience, however I was expecting to have one of the project to be teamed up with a company to provide some career network/progression for after the bootcamp.Overall, very happy with the learning experience, the career support could be a bit better for post bootcamp experience. After all, one of the top three reason for any one attending a bootcamp is to attain a career in the field.Read Less",ironhack
"I took the Data analyst course. The other students were nice overall, i had nice people experience. I think the teachers are also ok.The material is super outdated and very low level. They use materials from 2016-2017, some of them are not actual and... Read More many of the source materials are not available. Teachers upload missing data to google drive as they realize its missing, but we still use outdated stuff.Learning portals(Udemy, Coursera etc) vs IronhackLearning material: Learning portals: 10/10, very up to date, and huge selection.Ironhack: 3/10, outdated and the same for years without change. They don't even take effort to find out tasks, you have to do them.Price:Learning portals: 10/10 , from free, super cheapIronhack: 2/10, 7000$, can be much, much more at other bootcamp schoolsTeacher knowledge:Learning portals: 10/10, the greatest minds are sharing their knowledge.Ironhack 3/10: They definately are not stupid. And they do their best I'm assuming. But its not compareable.Hours included:Learning portals: as much as you wantIronhack: 400ish(half of them are 'standups' and 'games' which are not fun super useless and really do take a lot of time away).Actual hours put in:Learning portals: 2/10, usually people slack off because its free/cheap and there is no time limit.Ironhack: 7/10, as above, you pay and you want to get something for your money so you slack less.Paper for people with no PHD:Learning portals: 3/10, if you can actually do what is in your 'certifications', the sky is the limit. But just the certificate itself doesn't worth shit.Ironhack: 2/10, same as above, but since you can only learn less, you can't show up more.Career support:Learning portals: usually close to 0Ironhack: I did not attend this, i was disappointed enough in the 10 weeks. I don't expect anything big, the only 'alumni' they could get to talk to us as previous student was a super lowlvl job(the guy was cool though so no offense there).This could be said about all courses and bootcamps on the world, but from online courses you can get refunds super easily if you dont like something, so its easier to select out the trash. With bootcamps you pay thousands of dollars with no hope of a refund if its shit.TLDR: Overall experience:I'm not sure what I expected from this, I was new to the field and wanted to jump in somehow, just learning a few hours every now and then was not really effective. So in a way it was good, because I spent the time on learning, not on playing games etc. Also i did not have to work during the 10 week with full salary because of covid. So i only regret it halfsy.Don't do any bootcamps if you can sit down by yourself to study/read stuff. The only reason to pick a bootcamp is because you can't get yourself to sit down and learn. If you can, online learning is the way.Oh i almost forgot: Teachers, TAs and job supporters were many times late and cancelling appointments(during full lockdown, they were working from home but cancelled the hours!!)Read Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack Paris Web Development bootcamp, it was a great learning experience.The learning path is made to acquire concrete technical skills during 9 very intensive weeks.It was extremely rewarding to be able to already code all aspects of a... Read More web application at the end (we developped 3 projets during the bootcamp).It is perfect if you want to quickly kick-off your transition in that domain or ramp-up on those technologies. On the other hand, not being able to go really go deep on all topics to follow the courses flow was a bit frustrating. Bootcamp format gives you nice groundings to start your ramp-up, but keep in mind that a lot of work remain after to develop your expertise.There was a great spirit between classmates and with Ironhack team. Teachers were excellent and opened to suggestions.Read Less",ironhack
"This has been a very intense experience, and one I am extremely happy to have lived. The bootcamp provides an excellent learning environment, with amazing teachers, comprehensive learning materials, scrum daily meetings... You can take it without prior... Read More coding experience, but it does not hold your hand: you will get from it as much as you are willing to put in it. Expect long days of work, with some calmer ones and fun activities in between. The feeling of accomplishment you get when you see your own web apps online is just amazing. After the technical bootcamp there is a week they call careerhack where you will get some really good counseling on how to make the best out of your job search. Here too I found very good support materials and the coach was just excellent.I definitely recommend it, but clear your schedule for the next 10 weeks. This will become your life during that time.Read Less",ironhack
"Yes, the bootcamp is challenging. You make long hours and really need to invest everything you can. But, the rewards are great. You'll learn so much in a short amount of time. Not only about coding but also about pair programming, the professional world... Read More of development and projectmanagement. And I was very fortunate to have a great teacher with a lot of experience teaching remotely, making the remote-environment very enjoyable. I had high expectations coming in, but I can honestly say that Ironhack has surpassed them. One thing to keep in mind is that you will definitely not be done learning after Ironhack. Ironhack gives you all the tools and knowledge you need to get a very good start and possibly land a job as (Junior) Web Dev, but you will have to keep put in the effort and learn more yourself afterwards. But as this is also necessary for the job of web dev in general, that shouldn't surprise you or hold you back.Read Less",ironhack
"I have been a part time student at Ironhack Berlin, UX/UI design course from January 2020- until June 2020. I want to make a career change from cognitive psychology to UX Design. I chose the bootcamp for the course, but mostly for their promises in connecting... Read More us with companies, having fast track interviews. I hoped that this will make my transition smoother.During my class, Corona Pandemic hit which forced us to move all the classes online. Cons:- we had our teacher changed, as it was not meeting with the expectations of the course during the course, which made us lose classes and the part of UX Research for example for damaged as it was not the speciality of the teacher itself- we are done since one month and a half and we haven't had any fast track interviews, any connection with any companies, anything in terms of job search. We have paid 6000 euros only for an online course.- our career coach quite just before we started our Career week leaving us with no guidance or follow up.Conclusion: We haven't had any help with our job search and the communication with the management is very blurry and not at all transparent.Advantages:- Muri, the teacher that came afterwards was amazing and we learned a lot from it- The projects are very well structured.I am writing this review as I believe it is fair to know for what you are paying. When I entered the course I was not aware of this flaw and I feel that the Bootcamp itself is not worth the money they are asking.Read Less",ironhack
"I was a little bit reluctant to take the bootcamp on remote when the COVID19 pandemic started, I thought it wouldn't be the same experience on-site, but after the first week, I knew I had no idea what I was talking about. The classes are fast-paced, there... Read More is no time to take a deep breath and recap a lesson you don't remember, well at some point you will by actually coding. Don't worry, there are tons of labs to practice, and for some reason everything will make sense and you won't know why. LT's are coding rockstars that are always willing to help you achieve your goals. Staff is committed with your academic and professional path.Read Less",ironhack
The cons : Pricy or expensiveThe pros:Learn to use technology to work from the distanceSince then you do not feel by yourselfFeel part of a strong community Left on you the believe on yourself and none stop learning Intense but no waste more time that... Read More you need for achieve the knowledgeRead Less,ironhack
"Ok, lets start with the *Pros:-The fastest way to really learn the basics for web development.-Very effective way to switch career and land a job as a developer.-You will meet super interesting people.*Cons: -People with really 0 experience could find... Read More this Bootcamp a little challenging. (I highly recommend to previously take some courses in Free Code Camp, Codecademy, Udemy, etc. to really take advantage of the program and teachers)-You have to be commited with the Bootcamp AND NOTHING ELSE MORE for about 2 months.Read Less",ironhack
"The most intense 9 weeks of my life that led to me gaining a most valuable skill set, built on a great foundation while being supported by the best team in the world! Ironhack is fast-paced but information rich. I went in thinking i will definitely not... Read More learn anything because it’s so fast paced but 9 weeks down the line, I feel Empowered because I know so much and I know I am equiped to go work anywhere my skills as a fullstack developer is required.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience doing the Full Time Web Development bootcamp at Ironhack exceeded my expectations. I was a bit worried because of the COVID-19 situation, all the classes being transferred to remote, but it turned out to be amazingly more productive. It... Read More is very intense and fast paced, so have that in mind if you're looking to apply! Nonetheless, Ironhack's team really makes the whole experience worth it as they support you all the way and do their best to assist you every step of the way. The Syllabus is very complete and reflects a lot what the market is searching for at this time, which makes it easier to look for a job right after the bootcamp. Overall, I have definitely come a long way since I first started and I'd easily recommend Ironhack to other aspiring web developers!Read Less",ironhack
"At the beginning, I wasn't sure about joining the bootcamp (I even though about quiting after the first week), but it turned out the be one of the best decisions I've ever made. The Curriculum of the Data Analytics course is great and complete, it gives... Read More you more than the basics to follow a Data Science career. The professor and the teacher assistants are great and very helpful, I believe they are the main reason of the success of the D.A. course. I would love to come back as a web development student in the future!!Read Less",ironhack
"I got into coding because I thought automating the boring stuff with Python would help my social media manager duties, which it sure did, but this wasn't the only thing that happened while learning the basics of code. I found there was a whole world a... Read More didn't know about, a world where you can build anything with unlimited materials. Right then and there, I knew programming was going to be huge for me, so I started looking for coding schools, and as soon as I found Ironhack it just clicked. In just 9 weeks, I would learn in-demand job skills and have a shot at becoming a software developer? To be honest, at first, it sounded a little too good to be true, but I'm here to tell you it very much is. Ironhack was the one thing that truly helped find my passion for coding through raw knowledge, teamwork, and camaraderie. If I had to do a million times over, I would do it without blinking. Shoutout to the most awesome instructors and TAs in the world: Niko Tzikas, Juan Grajales, and Stefan Culafic (AKA Spuderman).Read Less",ironhack
"La principal característica a favor es el horario, ya que te permite trabajar y asistir al curso, otra característica es el temario ya que se encuentra actualizado para que al salir te encuentres identificado con el Mercado, por último, los ejercicios... Read More y proyectos están enfocados en aplicar lo aprendido en la clase y a lo largo del móduloRead Less",ironhack
"I'm glad with my experience in Ironhack, Starting off as someone that only understood basic html and css to building full scale websites using react js and mongoDB in less then 3 months should already tell you that this institution means business. The... Read More TA's here are truly one of a kind and very devoted to helping you understand what you're doing.Read Less",ironhack
"This bootcamp makes you confident to jump into the job market as a UX-UI Designer after only 9 weeks of class and a final professional projet! Unfortunately, due to the covid issues, all the content was taught via video conference: it went totally fine... Read More but I personally thought communication was not easy when working collectively or for fun social gathering like friday beers... However, I enjoyed having the choice to study from home/my countryside getaway whenever I wanted to and how caring and dedicated the teachers and staff were. Do not expect to participate to a job dating fair as described in the former program, everything has changed since Covid, and there are adjusting (For our class, the HR will hunt jobs and introduce each of us to 1-2 companies). Just make sure to cover all details before enrolling to avoid disappointment. I was at the Paris Campus in June 2020 and if I could, I'd do it again!Read Less",ironhack
I got into the Bootcamp during the Corona Pandemic. They reacted in a really good way and we did our bootcamp remotely. The learning material is good however it looks too much to the lesson during the pre-work. Cool projects. It is really intense but... Read More it's part of the deal. The job support at the end was pretty poor I would say because the person in charge left with a short notice ( I'm pretty sure it was not her fault ) so I couldn't have a lot of talk with her.Read Less,ironhack
"It's not a walk in the park, let me make that clear. If I had to sum it up, and I know it sounds cliche, but you get out of it what you put into it. And I know some of you are like, well I paid the tuition money. No, that's not what I mean. The money... Read More is beside the point. Whether you want to invest that money in yourself or waste it is up to you, and you'll decide that in nine short weeks. To sum it all up, Ironhack is totally worth the money, effort, and stress. If you want a coding bootcamp that will match your best efforts step for step, you can stop searching now-- Ironhack is your golden ticket to the good life. Just don't expect to have your hand held all the way. That's not to say the instructor cadre isn't awesome. They are beyond amazing, and so is the career advisor. But they are there to catch you if you fall - - you have to do the walking. Ask questions, stay hungry, stay motivated, and you'll never regret this decision. Read Less",ironhack
"Overall, I'm happy about my experience in Ironhack. To preface, I had zero technical background and graduated so if I can do it, you can too! That being said, some things to consider ---1. It is a lot of hard work normally, but especially if you don't... Read More have a strong technical background get ready to put in extra work/time/dedication before and after class and through your weekends. 2. After all that grinding, you are able to produce 3 awesome projects (which you will be very proud of). However, your overall grasp on web development is still pretty shallow so be prepared to continue learning and deepening your knowledge even after graduation. This bootcamp is a great starting point! And lastly, 3. Even though this class is remote and invites students from anywhere, it is still focused towards South Florida particularly during Career Week where they help you search for jobs and prep you for interviews. Although they do teach you how to search for jobs (with this skill it's applicable to wherever you are), but many of their references to jobs, companies, connections, speakers, fast track interviews matchmaking system, etc. are all Florida-based, so people who don't live there may feel excluded. The career department for all USA students is a one man show - Granted he is very knowledgeable and has much wisdom to offer, but I hope Ironhack hires more people to support in this area as the graduates' career needs are surely growing and beyond the limits of just one person.Overall, the experience was good, the instructors were GREAT, I cried, I laughed, I learned a lot, and it's worth the money.Read Less",ironhack
"Overall, I'm very happy I decided to join Ironhack. I had been doing ""self-education"" on and off for a few years prior to joining, and Ironhack really helped to bring everything together for me. Instead of having bits and pieces of unrelated knowledge,... Read More Ironhack helped me to gain a coherent understanding of web development. The instructors were great, and I learned a lot. It's a significant financial investment, but I think it's well worth it. It's an intense curriculum and you have to remain disciplined throughout, but it's definitely do-able.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was an amazing experience and I am thankful for everyone who helped me on my journey! David is very knowledgable in UX design and he is a genuinely awesome dude. Juan, Niko, and Stefan are also great teachers from what I heard from the web dev... Read More students and they were always fun to work with! Brito is another amazing person in Ironhack who gives you some tough love but it is all with good intentions! Just make sure to stay focused and keep your eye on the prize. The 9 weeks will FLY by.Read Less",ironhack
"First of all, as in middle of the COVID19, it was a lot of uncertainty to apply for a full time school, but the result is worth what you putted in. I was extremely impressed when I came into this program with just very limited knowledge of the program... Read More language. Instructors and TAs were very forth coming in their knowledge and extremely friendly also energetic helpful. Career support was also engaged to help with those who had graduated with their professional knowledge and skills. To be honest, this program definitely exceeded my expectations, I was glad I made this life change decision.Read Less",ironhack
"As a current senior student studying computer science at a top university, I can truly say that attending Ironhack was the best decision I made this summer. I have learned way more in 9 weeks than I have learned pursing a four year degree. Yes, I have... Read More learned a lot of new technical skills but the best thing that got from Ironhack is the community of grads, that has no value. During careers week you will learn that sometimes it is not about what you know but about who you know and that is definitely important when job hunting. My experience with Ironhack was great and it has helped me in growing my passion for technology .Read Less",ironhack
I took the 10-week Ironhack class this summer and I learned so much in such a short period of time. Individual and group work make you progress quickly as well as feedbacks from the teachers and TA. The rythme is pretty intense (so take it only if you're... Read More prepared to work a lot during 2 months) but the outcome is worth it. Of course you'll need to work on your own afterwards to master the concepts you've learned during the bootcamp but you'll be quite prepared for it :)Read Less,ironhack
"As someone who didn't previously have a technical background, I wanted to find a school that would not only greatly improve my web development skills, but provide me with a network and framework for career support after the program as well. A few highlights... Read More below - The overall teaching and curriculum is exceptional. The instructors and TA's are amazing at taking foreign concepts and simplifying them and making them MUCH easier to understand. They're so supportive and encouraging every step of the way, and I'm as thankful as can be that they re-ignited my enjoyment and passion towards being a lifelong learner. I learned more in 9 weeks than I could've ever imagined, building awesome projects that may have once seemed impossible to do. The career guidance and support that you receive during and especially AFTER the program is equally impressive and exceptional. The program is so structured and geared towards innovative and unique job hunting methods that most aren't even aware of. Brito (the outcomes manager) is there for you every step of the way and is the most selfless person you'll ever meet, gearing his efforts towards seeing his students - past, present and future - succeed. The educational benefits and career opportunities that are brought by following the guidance of those at Ironhack are invaluable. I wholeheartedly recommend Ironhack and want to extend my sincerest appreciation, gratitude and thank you's to all those associated with the bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"It was veryyyy intense and sometimes you think maybe it is not a right way of learning something, but no way ....this is intense and you have to adapt yourself with that if you really want to shape your carrier. The teacher was a good person with a good... Read More knowledge in UX but he could be more friendly...I dont know, at least it is my feeling... and the TA was amazing person so helpful with a good knowledge in UI. I recommend this course ;)Read Less",ironhack
"When I decided to change my carrier, one of the hardest things was to find a right school. To be honest I’ve never thought about Ironhack , because I live in Dallas, TX and that’s why I was thinking to find something locally. When I started to look for... Read More a bootcamp, many offers were listed but all of them had very mixed reviews, then I heard about Ironhack from friend of mine who had recently graduated and already found a job  I’m so glad I’ve decided to go to Ironhack and very proud I have accomplished it. The bootcamp is intensive, very fast paced, but the curriculum is really good, instructors are extremely patient and dedicated.Read Less",ironhack
"I deeply recommend Ironhack.I feel like I’m advertising in this post, but I’m not. It’s just that I had the chance to compare two bootcamps. And if I had to do it all over again, I’d only recommend Ironhack and I will tell you why.The staff is very professional.... Read More Everyday, Katya (Program Manager) bends over backwards to make everything goes smoothly for every single student. Guillaume, Frank and Tatijana (teachers) were very patient, always checked that ALL students have understood the current topic before moving on so no-one was left behind. They never rushed a course. They even sometimes stayed late evening.You won't ever feel like being a customer but a Student. You want to enroll a School before anything else.Teachers were highly skilled but also extremely good at explaining. We had to submit our labs (assignments) daily that teachers review: good for tracking your progress and weak points !If you are looking for a job after the bootcamp, you will definitely appreciate Morgane’s help: she will give you all the tips you need, and much more.Unlike some other paris Bootcamps (I won't point them out), Ironhack offers:• High quality courses, a great student platform with super-rich and almost unlimited content. Not just a 5 line piece of code course :)• A real job support through CareerHack, and not just an “internship agreement”. :)• All the resources needed to become a Junior web developer: just work HARD and follow the instructions :)• More than 7000 other Alumnis from WebDev, Data Science, UX/UI ... we can interact with ! #Goldmine :)• Ironhack leads to a RNCP VI Certificate that equals a ""Bac + 3/4"" that's really recognized by the french state. No external certificate to take !• IronBeers every Friday 😜 ❤️ (the courses were so intensive ... we deserved beers 😅)My advice:Just make sure you start your pre-work ahead of time so you acquire some fundamentals before starting the bootcamp. Everything is on the Ironhack platform (beforehand, during and after bootcamp). I hope I helped you if you’re comparing bootcamps. Ironhack is an American school 🇺🇸 , a mix of a Business School and a military bootcamp: 😅 you’ll literally be ready for code-wars 🔫 😉 , not only you’ll feel like an Alumni but also kind of a Veteran 💪 🚀 🔥 . You can reach my on Linkedin if you have questions: https://www.linkedin.com/in/chakib-bachir/Read Less",ironhack
"Los contras seria lo frustrado que te sientes muchos días o momentos, saberlos gestionar y no querer abandonar es lo mas difícil. Los pros es todo lo que aprendes en 9 semanas y el gran compañerismo que hay. Lo que ofrende Ironhack en esas 9 semanas es... Read More lo que esperaba, sales sabiendo muchísimas cosas de las cuales antes no tenias ni idea.Read Less",ironhack
"Great experience at Ironhack Mexico, the teachers are great helping you throughout the bootcamp, and so the rest of the staff. The full-time bootcamp is really hard to go by but everyone helps you to achieve your goal. Every Friday they have activities... Read More to socialize with the rest of the class and other groups which I think Is a great idea to integrate everyone at campusRead Less",ironhack
"I just finished the Web Development part-time course. The experience couldn't be more satisfying!I had excellent teachers (both lead as assistant) that were very well matched with the subjects and tireless in supporting the students.The environment gives... Read More you the chance to study, as well to socialize and develop all kinds of connections (social, academic and professional).There are academic events constantly being promoted, such as webinars, seminars and workshops that complement the curriculum and the learning experience.I have not yet gone through the carer week, however the school has been sending me preparation material and has been totally available to my questions.I could not be more pleased!Read Less",ironhack
"Hi, I have to say that this was a quite nice full-time bootcamp at Ironhack (Mexico City)... For me, that I studied up to a PhD. in structural engineering, at the beginning felt that was going to be easy, BUT NOT!!!! It was challenging, I discovered a... Read More different way to make things work better. It was a cool group with people ready to help, from the advisors (like Anahí, Rocío and Pavel) up to the teachers (Yonatan and Oscar were always great and helpful). More than a review, I want to say to all of them THANK YOU!!! Hope in some moment near in the future, be able to take the Web Development one. Kind regards and I invite you to try Ironhack bootcamps. It's a great way to learn MORE THINGS tha only programming, it is a whole experience that deserves to be lived.Read Less",ironhack
"I've just completed the Web Development part-time course in Lisbon and it was the best decision in my life! I loved the curriculum, loved the people and loved the support. I was excited for every class and I really feel I've developed so many awesome... Read More skills. I would advise joining Ironhack to anyone who would like to pursue this career. They really are the best!Read Less",ironhack
"This program gave me an incredible foundation in UX Design, UI Design and Human-centered Design Thinking, as well as all the resources and support to keep learning after my program ended. By the end of the course, I felt confident about the design process,... Read More the tools and techniques that can be used and the value they provide in understanding users, as well as the fundamentals of good design. The teaching team are very passionate and patient - they want to share their knowledge and their enthusiasm for design is infectious!Pros:- Passionate, enthusiastic teaching staff who want you to do well and understand the material. They explain things really clearly and take time to make sure you understand the tools and value.- Hands on projects - you dive straight in and I think this is the best way to learn!- Mix of team and solo projects- So much encouragement- Coding lessons included so you get familiar with development- Introduced to a great and supportive community of alumni, current students, and design experts across the region- Opportunity to participate in meetups from top designers who are experts in their field- Whole week dedicated to career support, leveraging your past experience, and how to network effectivelyCons:- Would have liked a bit more of a heads up on which platforms were best for building a portfolio (it just took me a while to get my head around - may be easier if you've built a site before!)- Not really a con, but you get out what you put in. If you're expecting an easy ride, this isn't for you. This course is called an accelerated program for a reason - if you're willing to graft, put your whole energy into the curriculum and materials, you will reap so many more benefits!Read Less",ironhack
"I took the online Ux/Ui Design bootcamp at Ironhack, and though at first I was a little apprehensive then I was amazingly surprised with the experience. From the teachers, teacher assistants to all the team from Ironhack Lisbon, everyone made learning... Read More in these conditions the easiest job. Super well structured combined with an easy going environment. I really relate with Ironhacks methodology of teaching, much based on putting our learning’s straightway in practice. Although there is an amazing campus right on the river side with an amazing atmosphere, I don't regret at all taking the online experience. I came to this bootcamp with low knowledge on Ux/Ui Design and in just two months I feel ready and confident to start practicing it professionally.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is, by far, one of the most fascinating experiences I've ever had. I was in searching of a career reboot that could help me navigate through tech industry and since I was entrepreneur, I was in need of acquiring those hard skills that could help... Read More me become more independent and agile. At Ironhack, I found such a strong academic team that made sure we would learn as much as possible - extremely accessible, knowledgeable and most importantly, motivating. Teacher and students supported each other to go the extra mile and the results showed as every project had so much in depth content, it was awesome to see how much we could achieve in 9 weeks. In my case, the bootcamp was done remotely but Ironhack was more than ready and I the learning curve was massive (and as bonus, we learned how co-create digitally which is surely going to be a very important skill for years to come). In the end, I'm already working as a freelancer thanks to a contacts that Ironhack facilitated to me. Bonus: the campus is beautiful Pros: Strong Academic Team; Projects with Companies; Strong Network; Portfolio Development Cons: You need to be willing to endure a fast pace programme to keep up, but that's the deal :-)Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was such a positive experience for me. I have nothing negative to say! But if I did I am sure they would take that into account and try to be even better - they really listen and value the opinions of their students and are always open to learning... Read More and improving. The community vibe is strong and the vibes are high and positive - you can do it! I loved every step of the way on this program. I feel super lucky to have such amazing and over qualified teachers that were very knowledgable on the subject, and at the same time inspiring and patient with us. This bootcamp is hard work, but you have great support through the whole process.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack in Lisbon, January 2020. I already had previous experience as a developer so this was an opportunity for me to step my knowledge up and also get experience with back end technologies as well as front end. Choosing Ironhack was the... Read More best decision I made. There are many other boot camps around Europe but Ironhack takes everything a step further. The support from applying to completion and beyond is great. Regular check-ups making sure I’m on track with my goals and aspirations. You get to meet amazing people, all with different experiences that you can learn from and you build so many contacts that in the future you may find yourself working with them. The opportunities are endless after Ironhack. I would recommend this course to beginners or developers that have a few months to a year experience and want to jump up the career ladder faster!Read Less",ironhack
"I was part a the full-time UX/UI bootcamp in Paris. And I would recommend it to anybody who wants to learn the methodology of Design Thinking, the mindset of being a designer and who wants to start building a portfolio. This bootcamp is intense so you... Read More need to be 100% committed.In 10 weeks of time I got a strong base a theory, and practice, but what makes this different from an online course is that you learn much more because you're always working with the other students, like you'd do in a company, and you can have direct feedback from teachers at anytime.I did my bootcamp remotely during lock down, and it went super smoothly thanks to the effort of Ironhack team.So well done to IH for the good work.Ironhack is often doing partnership with brands to offer scholarship based on tests, take advantage of it ;)Read Less",ironhack
"The Data Analytics Bootcamp has met all my expectations, both in theory and practice. The focus of training is on practice rather than theory and is based on case-studies. The pedagogical team is very competent and the administrative team is very kind.... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
This was the best learning experience that you can get on Data Analytics. There isn't anything that match's the dynamic team and the way they will give you strength to keep going specially when you hit a wall that at that time might appear to be something... Read More impossible to solve! It's a pleasure and an Honour to be apart of the IronHack Family!!Read Less,ironhack
"As I UX Designer I’m in touch with programming and the recent years my interest has grown to learn more. I’ve tried to study by myself but found it hard to find time and to truly commit. After 3 years I finally decided to apply to join the Ironhack webdev... Read More bootcamp. And I’m so happy that I did! I’ve acquired skills which would have taken me a long time to teach myself.For someone who haven’t don’t a lot of coding the journey has been intense. I’ve spent a lot of time in front of the computer practicing and from time to time it really has been difficult. But the feeling of starting to understand more and more and being able to solve a difficult problem is truly amazing.I liked how theoretical knowledge was mixed with assignments, labs and projects. I had a lot of fun doing the project weeks and I finished 3 projects which I’m really proud of. The teacher and the teacher assistants has been really helpful and dedicated. They always took their time explaining difficult parts and reviewing my code when things didn’t work as expected. I’m really thankful for their devotion. To finish up, if you are thinking about joining a bootcamp – do it! You will be able to make it and you won’t regret learning new skills and meeting with amazing people.Read Less",ironhack
"In a nutshell: great staff, courses in English are a game-changer, very strong focus on projects and practice, fastest way to learn amazing skills.Joined the March 2020 cohort, right in the middle of the health crisis. Ironhack reacted accordingly by... Read More shifting the courses remotely, which went amazingly well. For the Full-Time course I strongly recommend devoting all of your time to the bootcamp as the rhythm gets quite intense. The classes cover all the basics from the very beginning and the more you study and practice, the more in depth you will go. Practicing being key to securing your skills, the learning isn't over at the end of the day. Taking some personal time to practice and review the lessons will really make a difference on the learning experience. Staff was amazing during my session: Lead teachers, Teacher Assistants and Management Staff are fully dedicated to bringing the best experience as possible. If you devote a fair amount of time to learning, you are definitely job-ready after the bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"Pros:- class organised with exercises, formal presentations and projects, on top of learning the tools. - Really prepares you for working in the industryCons:- A diploma that isn't recognized academically VS a masters, however it is a 2 months bootcamp!... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
Excellent choice to get introduced into Data Analytics. It's been only 4 weeks and the progress is exponential. I would recommend the bootcamp not only if you want to change your career path towards Data Analytics but also to acquire some hard skills... Read More use data in other roles / industries.Read Less,ironhack
"I was unconvinced when I joined this formation but I quickly changed my mind! The teacher (Jérémie) was very competent, the courses very enriching and in addition we did the boot camp online. Ironhack has given us a lot of tools so that we can adapt according... Read More to our knowledge and ease. The Bootcamp combines theory and practice which is a big advantage because everything we learn we work on making projects. During these 9 weeks of Bootcamp we end up with 6 projects which is great because we have enough to make a portfolio to apply in companies at the end of the bootcamp. And the week bonus we learn to code to make our online portfolio was really great!Read Less",ironhack
"Pros: - Learning javascript to the level of a junior developer with around 12/18 months experience- Being part of an amazing ecosystem that is supportive, welcoming and very friendly - Very well curated cohorts Cons: - Extremely high pace. I wished I'd... Read More done a little more coding before hand to grasp the basics- Low focus on styling/cssRead Less",ironhack
"Mi experiencia en Ironhack fue muy buena, aprendí muchas cosas que hoy en día me han sido de utilidad para mi carrera profesional. Entiendo que es un curso en donde ves muchas cosas en muy poco tiempo, así que depende mucho de ti lo que quieras aprender... Read More y en los temas en lao que quieras o necesites ahondar, sin embargo, me parece que tocan lo mínimo necesario para hacer un cambio de carrera.Read Less",ironhack
"I wanted to make a career change for a while, but I did not know where to begin, I had the opportunity to dedicate 9 weeks to myself to learn something new with a deep level to make it professionally , that was what Ironhack did to my career in that short... Read More amount of time, I not only learned the foundations, but let me use that new knowledge into something real, all the time learning by doing, coding 8 to 12 hours per day, and solving any doubt as fast as it gets, but also learning how to solve that doubts by myself. After the course the career services had followed my progress to find a new job, and even some times thar job takes some time to happen, they have been with me the all way long, with tips, job offers, one-on-one advisory, group advisory, career fairs events, and all the necessary to find a new job in the tech industry. I'm very glad to had the opportunity to do this program, and I am absolutely convinced that this was my first strong step in my new career as Data Analyst / Data Scientist / Data EngineerRead Less",ironhack
"When I started I had faith in the course, but I never expected to get that far. It only took 9 weeks to learn to program at a good level. It was not easy, each day was a new challenge, without a doubt one of the most difficult challenges in my life, as... Read More well as the challenge that brought me the most benefits.If you want to add value to your career, learn to program or even give a total turn to your career. IRONHACK IS WITHOUT ANYTHING THE BEST OPTIONRead Less",ironhack
"My pros:+ The content provided by Ironhack is by far the most pedagogic I've seen. It is well thought, teached and super easy to access thanks to their platform. The amount of content is really important and allows you to go further if you want.+ CARE:... Read More the teacher and the TAs were really caring about our wellbeing which could be really challenged during such experience, they had nice attentions and were really supportive. This is the one I wasn't expecting and that completely changed my vision of the bootcamp. Having that is completely game changer into your approach and the way you face those challenging weeks.+ The diversity of the materials, ways to work, collaborate, ways to learn new things is really the reality of how developers organize their job. Having the glimpse of the during the bootcamp is a must have to properly integrate a tech team.+ During those hard times of Covid19, the Ironhack team has been able to switch from a classical bootcamp to a remote bootcamp in few days without lowering the quality of it. They've provided a nice environment, made efforts to integrate everyone and in the end I've really enjoyed that special format.My cons:- The bootcamp is fast, so you have let it be the one and only thing on your agenda. It requires some organization on your hand that is not enough enhanced by the team.- Prices rises year by year and it is reaching an amount where you want to get everything that it promised (if you can afford it). The Job support doesn't match expectations people had before applying nor the reality of the market. That's fine because there are no miracles but the disappointment can be real for someone counting on getting a job fast at the price range teased.Read Less",ironhack
"I joined the Boot Camp Ironhack with practically no knowledge of web development. Thanks to their pedagogy based on concrete practices, I acquired the bases necessary to create real web applications. The teaching is intense and you have to be motivated.... Read More Fortunately the team is there to help us and push us ever more. Ironhack teaches us that our creativity has no limits. We learn to learn and always stay curious about new technology. Ironhack gives us all the basics to look for in the workplace. Now that I have my degree, I can't wait to put everything I have learned to work for businesses.Read Less",ironhack
"Great teaching and learning even with the exceptionnal circonstances.The teacher assistants help a lot too without interrompting the flow of the course.10 weeks are maybe a bit short to view all but nothing you can't do by searching on your side.Don't... Read More learn to be a fullstack developer, learn to be a developer (and search what you need to learn always more) !Read Less",ironhack
"It was a great, the teachers and teachers assistant are always here to help understand and give advices all the ironhack team give the best of themselves and are open minded to all critics to improve the experience and give to the students the best ways... Read More to learn and have fun learning.Read Less",ironhack
"I was part of the March UX/UI Full Time Bootcamp at Ironhack Paris. During the three months of the bootcamp I was able to apply everything learnt throughout different projects which was very helpful when job interviewing after.I am very satisfied with... Read More the high quality of the program content, the overall learning process and the guidance and professionalism of the Ironhack Paris team.Thank you Ironhack :)Read Less",ironhack
"I had an amazing experience at Ironhack. I finished the full-time web dev course in March 2020 in Berlin. The staff was amazing and I learned far more than I thought I would going into the program. I was a little nervous about my lack of experience as... Read More I had absolutely no coding background (I had never written one line of code prior to the course pre-work). I did not feel like I was left behind at all. My teacher and TA's were super helpful and really made sure everyone understood the course material. That said, you really have to do your part. If you put in the time to really understand the logic behind the code, you will be surprised how much you can learn in such a short time. I would recommend Ironhack to anyone looking to learn how to code.Read Less",ironhack
"I learned a bit from everything, but not in depth. The rest of knowledge-digging is on you. It is a strenous bootcamp so don't expect to be going out and partying on weekends.It is what you put in it. They are particularly strong in UX but a bit lacking... Read More in UI. Career week is a drag but useful for newcomers to the working class. I would recommend it if you're new to the field. TAs are awesome and teacher is very supportive.Read Less",ironhack
Joining Ironhack was the best decision I made to boost my career. Not only did I meet amazing and supportive people (students and instructors) but I also got the set of skills and mindset I needed in order to enter this field in full confidence. The course... Read More was challenging (being fully remote because of Covid19) but way better than expected. I learned a lot while making new friends and having fun at the same time.Read Less,ironhack
"Fantastic program with wonderful, supportive staff. I was part of their first remote cohort. They converted their entire curriculum in a week to accommodate the current restrictions of the pandemic. Throughout the entire program they constantly asked... Read More us for our feedback and adjusted to best help us learn.Read Less",ironhack
"During this bootcamp I learned everything I needed to know about a UX UI Designer but especially how to put it into practice and how to work in an agile and freelance company.These applications in group, alone and the preparation work for the recruitment... Read More allowed me to know myself, to learn how to talk about my past and the future I wanted to move towards.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack undoubtedly stands out from other bootcamps because it prides itself on a 10/10 experience for each of their students.I was a student in one of the first remote cohorts due to Covid-19. I was surprised at how well things went in a remote environment.... Read More And the Ironhack team did a great job to make everything as comfortable as possible for us. Teachers and support staff were always available to listen and adapt quickly to our feedback.Throughout the program, I felt that every staff member was fully invested in my success. There were many times where things were difficult, but I was encouraged to continue and reach success with their support. That being said, material is quite overwhelming (this is a bootcamp, after all). You will need to fully commit and 'trust the process' (you will hear this a lot) to get the desired results.After the bootcamp, the career support program is also really useful, especially given the Covid-19 disruption to employment. If you are worried about that, my opinion is that I felt very safe in the hands of the outcomes manager to help me get a job as quickly as possible. If you are serious about taking a bootcamp, Ironhack is easily one of the best.Read Less",ironhack
"I this this program is very good for people who want to fully commit to learning web dev, and maybe it can be more difficult for people who can't free their time during two full months. Beside that I really loved this experience and even though you can't... Read More learn everything in two months, it gives you a great and solid knowledge in order to start your web dev journey. Also we attented the program remotely due to the coronavirus situation and they reacted really fast so that we could maintain the classes. I think they did a great job at that and the team is really cool and supportive. So overall a great exeperience even though one more month would have been better.Read Less",ironhack
"I was part of the Data Analytics Paris' March bootcamp. It was the first online bootcamp due to covid-19 context and the Ironhack team did a great job to make everything as comfortable as possible for us. Teachers as well as support team were here to... Read More listen and adapted quickly to our feedback. I have learned a lot, the bootcamp was really intense but now I am more confident about my skills and I have many projects to present for my future job interviews. I was a bit skeptical to choose this bootcamp at first sight but today I truly recommend to go for it!Read Less",ironhack
"Pros :- Very professional and kind team and teachers, always here when needed. Extremely patient with all our questions and mistakes. I felt really supported.- Extremely good handling of the corona situation by switching in a remote class. They succeed... Read More to create a friendly atmosphere when the situation was not ideal.- So much learned in 9 weeks. It is amazing what we accomplished after only 9 weeks of lessons.- Still supporting us after the bootcamp to find a job.Cons:-So great that we are sad when it is overRead Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack's March 2020 Bootcamp in Paris. The program started one week after the French government announced strict lockdown measures in response to COVID-19. The Ironhack team heroically moved the whole program online in a matter of days, and... Read More by the time we started class, it felt like the program was designed to be delivered online all along. The Ironhack staff made the online program feel human, natural, and comfortable. I had basic knowledge of most of the topics covered in the curriculum (mostly from a Udemy full-stack web development course), but I never got bored, and I was always busy. For the first few weeks of the program, everything I learned helped fortify and expand my prior knowledge. By the third week, things were getting quite tough. The curriculum is designed so that you are constantly learning, and that was my experience. At times it felt overwhelming, but in retrospect, everyone in the class learned an incredible amount even when the subject matter felt impenetrable.Read Less",ironhack
"I successfully increase my employability thanks to Ironhack ! I’m currently starting a new career as a Freelance combining my two fields of expertise : HR + UX/UI Designer. The Bootcamp experience was intense, sometimes I thought to myself, I cannot make... Read More it … fortunately my classmates, teacher and TAs helped me overcome difficulties at every step. I learned so much from each on of my coworker.We started class in the beginning of the COVID-19 lockdown and for sure it was the best opportunity to boost my design capacity. Go for it !Read Less",ironhack
"I must say the bootcamp started out in the weirdest situation: quarantine had been announced just a few days before the beginning of the bootcamp and we had to decide if we wanted to follow the course fully remotely from home or postpone to a later cohort.... Read MoreI decided to stay, and never regreted.Ironhack's staff transitioned really fast to the remote learning setup and it was seamless. I know they are considering offering remote classes as a standard now, and I couldn't recommend it more. You get to spend more time on actually learning, and the group cohesion actually happened with a few activities that the staff organized.Apart from that, the program is really well structured. I was so happy to be learning JavaScript and not Ruby which I had considered before, the job market is really keen on JavaScript skills. It actually is a requirement for the job market in most jobs I find while looking for a job now.The program is complete, really advanced, very fast at times, but I must say I am happy about what I learned and actually learned way more than I thought I would before joining the course. My view is that it is the most ""dev"" oriented bootcamp. I've looked at the syllabus of other webdev bootcamps and they seemed better suited at Product Management or people curious about web development but not intending to go into the hardcore stuff. Ironhack really is techie and professional.Afterwards, we are being coached by a competent career coach who is following with us our progress. The alumni network is big and people still exchange and help each other after the bootcamp.I know it is an investment but I would definitely recommend the course if you plan on improving on digital skills or fully switch to being a developer.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience as a student and later help teacher in Ironhack was nothing short of amazing. As an added bonus, the beer is both cheaper than it was in Oslo (where I'm from) and better, and you get to share that beer with people that - even though you... Read More only study with them for 2 months - you will remember and know for the rest of your life. I am writing this review 2 years after finishing my bootcamp. One of the things I remember reading about (which I kind of doubted before starting) was the friendship everyone said you develop with co-participants, and how tight you become as a group. I was proven wrong. The Ironhack staff of Berlin almost forced us to become good friends! Now now, hear me out. After a first day of introduction games, name games and an already overwhelming amount of work, the participants would go out together and have a drink. And after a hard day's work (and on every Friday!) we would do the same. We had pair-programming everyday during classes and did independent projects in pairs or trios. The work is so intense, and you spend so much time with your peers, that by the time the first week is over, it will feel like you've already known the others for a long time. You end up with a sort of ""us against the work""-mentality because of the sheer amount, where you just have to band together to beat the monster that is the Daily Exercise. I feel that I don't really need to say much about the effectiveness of Ironhack's teaching. I got a job after 1 month. I had zero prior coding skills, or even math skills, just an interest for gaming and technology. Most of my cohort got a job in way less time, many even before the camp ended. I got to be a help teacher after my bootcamp and can give a few tips, as some of the difficulties students had were similar in the next group. - Read up and get as good as you can before the bootcamp. I was not particularly well prepared (I would say average to below average skill level), and had to work that much more. Don't do what I did. Don't procrastinate the pre-work. The workload is massive, and ""getting back on track"" when you start off-track is really, really hard. - Additionally, go out with the other participants! Get a beer (or ten)! Switch places in the classroom! Say yes to all the outings and beers and lunches and whatnot. Remember that when you're done there, your skill level is only one part of the picture. Your network and friendships are the stuff you actually remember. And practially speaking, I now have multiple contacts within the tech industry from all around the world. So make it a good experience by having fun, and not drowning in the work, and it's a win-win.- Take some distance. Take at least one day off per week. Don't ""use the weekend to get back on track"" (you will say this at some point). You will need the time off in the long run, just trust me on that.Read Less",ironhack
"At first I was in between 2 coding bootcamps in Miami however my friend, that works at Apple as a QA Engineer had told me to look into Ironhack. I never heard of them before, they were not the cheapest but I was not worried about price but I wanted to... Read More get the best experience out there. I did the full time cohort and it has changed my life forever. I was previous cold calling small businesses for a living for about 4 years and I quickly realized that I needed a valued skill that I can build on. I was highly interested in programming so I decided to pursue it full time! It was not easy.. the bootcamp was 400 hours however I put in well around 1000 hours into 9 weeks. It was so worth it! 4 months later, I am writing this but now have a great job position doing what I genuinely feel that I love doing, programming. The most important skill set I feel that I received the understanding how to learn and that it's okay to feel incapable even though you are completely capable. The staff was very easy to work with! Sometimes you have your doubts if they are really there for you to help but I understood that is just a way to make you use your brain and learn your self. I also felt some disorganization during enrollment however that was not the case as the admissions manager was actually replaced and they actually were very on top of their game! When I originally signed up for Ironhack Full Time Web Dev cohort I was very excited for the in person experience but then COVID hit and nobody was prepared. I had my doubts that I would learn anything but Ironhack over exceeded my expectations. It seemed as if they prepared since the beginning! Today, I would choose to do it all over again remotely compared to in person. I feel that I would have more time to code after classes since I am at home compared to making the commute and then later finding time to open my laptop again.The career week has been outstanding and tons of practical help to back you up with applying and finding your first position! I was fortunate enough to find a job even before the career week started but choose to do it anyways to better understand for future opportunities. Overall, coming from somebody with 0 technical background, I would highly recommend Ironhack to anybody that asks me. I would say it is NOT for the faint heart but a very lucrative investment for your future and the relationships with the Ironhack family is priceless. I am looking forward to the rest of my life and what is to come, all the credit it due to Ironhack Miami!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack gives you an amazing push to enter the tech world.In 9 weeks, if you are completely committed you will truly learn more then the basics to get a job and start giving value in no time.The technologies that you will learn are always the top used... Read More in the market and updates as so.The learning experience has always in mind a practical view and in touch with the market reality and needs.The environment is incredibly friendly.I finished the bootcamp when the covid situation scaled and even in this situation I got my job in exactly two months.Read Less",ironhack
"Hi everyone,Recent grad from Ironhack Miami here as a Web Dev. I gotta say that when I read the reviews and joined Ironhack, I didn't know that, much beyond learning actual applicable skills and knowledge, I've been introduced to a new world of possibilities.... Read More The Ironhack team went above and beyond to show us real-world techniques, problems and their solutions, and much more. I've been fortunate enough to land a job even before graduating, and recommend this bootcamp for anyone looking for one!Read Less",ironhack
"I finished my bootcamp at the end of March. I was part of the first UX/UI Designer part-time squad at Lisbon and in the end I continued with the feeling that it was the best decision of my life. The decision to choose Ironhack to change my career proved... Read More to be right because I found a community like I never found elsewhere. The staff is very concerned with the student's well-being, providing him with the best possible experience with the balance between fun activities and learning. The course is intense and practical, allowing you to enter the job market with solid knowledge. I am proud to be an Ironhacker.Read Less",ironhack
"Most important thing to keep in mind when you're looking at bootcamp-type education - your attitude and ability to persevere.It will be tough, at times it'll feel like too much, you will wish for extra 10 hours in a day, etc. But it's all going to be... Read More fine, just keep at it.As to the Ironhack specifically, I'm glad I was part of it. Teacher and assistants always there to help, even if you have the dumbest question. Curriculum is what you would expect from a bootcamp - intense, lots of things, lots of immediate application of what you've learned. Job support is good, they facilitate lots of connections and open data to connect you with potential employers, explain how to do CVs, cover letters, social networks, etc. If you've never did that, or not sure how to approach job hunting in IT, don't pass on their help here.Overall great stuff, Jan2020 cohort thanks for everything :)Read Less",ironhack
"I am utterly amazed by how much we can learn in 9 weeks. The curriculum is so eloquently designed that the people with no prior programming knowledge can become a full-stack web developer in 9 weeks. Ironhack has some of the most talented and experienced... Read More teachers and very knowledgeable TAs. They answered each question no matter how trivial they were. I am so grateful for our lead teacher and the TAs for their support, who were willing to work extra hours to guide us on every step and explain the difficult topics. Also, I respect their patience while working with our projects and whenever we were stuck in some nasty bug.Ironhack has the most thoughtful curriculum, with plenty of exercises and assignments. We were also introduced to pair programming which helped us to collaborate with others and become familiar with version control. Even though the Bootcamp can be really rigorous and challenging, the teacher and the TAs always found a way to make it interesting.Ironhack, in general, is a really supportive community. After we are done with the Bootcamp, they also teach us how to tackle an interview and provide all the resources needed to land a job. They also organize hiring fairs where companies participate to hire graduates. In addition to that, they also organize programs where external professionals come to give a talk about certain topics. They are also generous to give scholarships to the students. In my case, they were generous enough to provide me with the full scholarship and all the other expenses. Hence, I am eternally grateful to Ironhack.Having said that it is indeed very intensive and challenging Bootcamp but the end result and how much you have learned will be well worth it.Read Less",ironhack
Joining Ironhack was one of the best things i haver done in my life.I was very lucky of the teachers and TAs I had during my bootcamp. The Leadteacher will listen to all of the students needs and will try to adapt to all of the lectures to us. TAs will... Read More always there for support some even stayed late hours during the night to help us finish our projects.The whole atmosphere is super healthy and friendly. Cannot complain at all.Read Less,ironhack
"Ironhack was an amazing experience for me. I finished the Full-Time Web Dev bootcamp in Paris in August 2019, and I would recommend it for anyone looking for a career switch. I came from a social sciences background, and there is no need for any knowledge... Read More in this department before you join the bootcamp. It is quite intense but going through it with classmates makes it easier. The Lead Teacher and the TAs are super knowledgeable and patient, they know what you're going through and do their best to help you along. Our Program Manager did a fantastic job as well, and was present if we had any personal issues or concerns, and needed help dealing with the fast-paced learning environment. Having regular check-ins with the staff was great as well as this can be quite a roller coaster! Overall, be ready to work hard, but these months will surely be transformative and an experience to remember. I found a job as a Front End Developer shortly after I left Ironhack, it surely was one of the best decisions I made.Read Less",ironhack
"Enriching experienceWhen I started Ironhack I had no idea how enriching the experience was going to be. Changing a professional profile was a necessity for me but also something that scared me. In Ironhack my fears were cleared, I learned many things... Read More professionally and about myself, becoming a great experience from all points of view.Both lead teacher and TA are great professionals who all times help you in a personalized way. Learning from the point of view of working in Group or personal projects, presenting them to colleagues, etc. are a way to fix concepts acquiring knowledge in the same way that will be done working in a company.But one of the great wonders of Ironhack besides the day-to-day Bootcamp is that once it's over, it doesn't end the experience. The great support and support during the job search makes you always feel safe and helps to make the best decision when deciding your job destination.Before I finish, I also want to emphasize the great companionship between the ""ironhacker"" during and after the Bootcamp, they always support you and teach you a lot.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the bootcamp in Barcelona. Even going into the course, I knew that it would not be worth the 7000eur I was paying. The students were ready to give a lot toward the course, unfortunately, the teacher and TAs were not. I was dismayed to find... Read More out that the course teacher used to previously teach coding at a different academy. Because of this, we got zero intro on even the basics of UI, other than a vague introduction to color theory. There was only a passing mention of material design and design systems. Now I work as a UI UX designer, after 6 months of trying to find a job. I work solely on UI, which is what any entry level designer will be expected to do. During the course, we also focused on learning to code, which- sure was useful but did not need to be a priority in the short 2 month course. A lot of the coding teaching was done by the TA, who was quite a nice person but definitely not suited for teaching. Which bring me to how Ironhack also pumps up its employment percentage. It employs its students from previous courses as its TAs. This is unfair, I would hope that TAs would atleast have a 1year experience as a UI UX designer. Overall, its a fun environment and I made some great friends. In terms of learning, I did most of it myself after I graduated. Don't take this overpriced course if you have an alternative/cant afford it. I have been learning a lot on SuperHi,which I think is a pretty good alternativeRead Less",ironhack
"Pontos positivos: Professores com alto conhecimento da matéria, suporte todo o tempo, infraestrutura da escola muito boa, muitas interações com outras turmas e o fato de realizarmos algumas atividades com outras turmas de outros cursos como por exemplo... Read More de UX.Pontos negativos: A hiring week é muito cansativo e pouco produtiva, não tivemos muitas informações sobre as pessoas e as empresas e como estaria disposto o ciclo de entrevistas. Por ser muito extenso, tive o sentimento de que as empresas estavam cansadas de entrevistar e em alguns casos as empresas demonstravam que não estavam muito interessadasRead Less",ironhack
"I really enjoyed my experience at Ironhack for so many reasons. The first and most important (I guess) is the quality of what I've learned there ; it was very rich in term of curriculum and very intense. They provided in a small amount of time all the... Read More knowledge that we needed to start a new career. They teach us to be autonomous and find solutions on our own.Also the ambiance was very nice, the teachers and the classmatea were awesome.And they help us after all that to find a job. They don't leave us on our own when it's time to find a jobThanks for allRead Less",ironhack
"I went in not really knowing how to code, so the fact that the teachers spent a lot of time covering coding fundamentals and theory was great! We were also given around 60 hours of work to complete prior to the first day of class, meaning that it was... Read More easier to hit the ground running when we arrived.There were weekly projects and this was a great way to consolidate all of the learning from that week. Doing weekly projects was also a great way to build up a portfolio on GitHub. The boot camp was quite fast paced but that is to be expected. The teachers made themselves very approachable outside of class time to help people catch up on topics they may have fallen behind on. The amount that each individual learns is largely based upon their own willingness to put in time and effort.I cannot comment on job support because I was not recruiting for a job. However, it appeared to me that a lot of support was offered and a lot of effort was made to prepare students for the recruitment process. I was very impressed that some of my classmates were able to quickly find jobs despite the global uncertainty which unfolded in March 2020.Read Less",ironhack
"The bootcamp literally changed my life for good.After 6 months of intense study, without knowing anything about web development, I became a software engineer at a large company. Ironhack helped me to develop soft and hard skills to be a good junior web... Read More developer and start my career.Honestly, when the bootcamp starts, I didn’t think that I would feel ready to work when it was finished, but surprisingly it worked. Thanks to Ironhack's methodology.Read Less",ironhack
"I would highly recommend Ironhack. This relatively short time of extensive learning completely changed the way I think of my capabilities. The course not only provided training with most in-demand languages but also made sure you can use everything in... Read More practice. The group that I belong to was quite big, however, there was always someone to help out with any problem. Apart from one Leading Teacher, we were supported by four Teacher Assistants. The atmosphere created by everyone at Ironhack made me feel like part of their family. This feeling of support and very friendly approach made it easier through the hardest moments of the Bootcamp. And there were few of them. Each module (1 module = 3 weeks) has a project assignment based on what we learned so far. Those were usually the most challenging, yet very satisfying weeks (last week of the module = project week). None forgot that we need some time to have fun and relax as well. There were lots of other things organized after or between classes (game nights, yoga, quiz sessions or simply having drinks at the end of the week). To summarize, I have never thought I would be able to achieve so much in such a short time. Ironhack's team did everything to make sure of that.Read Less",ironhack
"As any bootcamp, everything was taught very quickly but I feel I have had the opportunity to learn about the main subjects in Data Science. The content regarding data engineering subjects was little, though.The bootcamp is very hands-on and the Ironhack... Read More team was always there to support me whenever I needed it, from teachers to the facilities manager. I also liked how they take feedback seriously and are not afraid of change if that means improvement.I don't have a background in a numerical field so statistics was specially hard, specially when taught at that pace. I think Ironhack should maybe evaluate the level of each student before the bootcamp starts and give them tailored pre-course material.Read Less",ironhack
"Short but attained all possible information needed to know how to become intermediate in Python. The teaching was great, the teaching assistants were very helpful and the cohort was very well integrated in general. One can expect to attain good data analytics... Read More skills for sure after this bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"If your goal is to learn how to use Python to extract real information out of data this is the bootcamp for you. The course is well organized with a great teaching staff. Keep in mind that you will still need to keep learning on your own after its finished.... Read More The amount of stacks required in this field are just too many to cover in a 9-week period. Still, it is an incredible experience that will test your limits and you will be surprised with what you will be capable of at the end.Read Less",ironhack
"I think that the most valuable thing from Ironhack is the tools to re-think the way we learn and apply that to an incredible agile environment! All the staff is continuously working with you to ensure your success. Plus, you'll gain a whole new family!... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"Well it was a very intense experience. I enrolled myself on the full time web development bootcamp. It was a lot of hard work , a lot of homework, a lot of things to learn in so short time, and a lot of code to submit that same night. Very little hours... Read More of sleep and usually thinking and dreaming about code.My story started with company lay-off, so I was unemployed looking for job and counting my money and looking for a way to make it last, a friend of mine recommended me IronHack, ""you could change carriers as I did"" , that sounded good ! and at least it could be an attractive boost to my current skills. I was having doubts but the day I payed the bootcamp a visit they talk me about some financing options, so I took some days to do my budget and gave it a green light, I enrolled in the next FT bootcamp. As I mentioned early, it was hard and challenging, if you have zero coding background (math is not that important) you better enroll in the part time bootcamp, if you had some coding subjects in school you just need to apply (a lot) yourself, if you know how to code but you want to learn fast and with help the bootcamp stack then it is a very good jump start for learning the language and the tools. Maybe you come from a different background that is not technology, if that is your case consider first the halftime bootcamp because it can get frustrating how little time you have and how many things you got to learn and how complex are the projects you have to deliver. My lead teachers were very good, very young (considering the average of my career teachers) but they were awesome coders and dedicated about teaching , sometimes a little cocky; my teacher assistants were good maybe sometimes hard to find or not as crafty as one would like, they were always well intentioned even the times the fix they gave you crashed your code, but every bootcamp has different teachers and assistants so only fortune can tell who your teachers are going to be. One thing I can tell you, yes the program will include the most fitted technologies to go and search for a job and enough knowledge to get you started as an entry level programmer, depending on how easy if for you to build upon those skills is who much more you can achieve in your job search, the other skills that you learned before also add up to that. In few words my bootcamp experience was very good,just remember, you need to be up to the task. About my job quest and job support experience, I can tell you that my job support has been very good, very unique times (covid pandemic) to be looking for job, I notice that the technology market keeps growing and keeps hiring people at least more than the other markets,some of them  are shrinking or paused, so I cannot tell at this moment if the same rules of the year before apply to my future job and salary offers, but I'm glad the Tech and coding market is still hiring and growing. It is a great and outstanding work and support the one being made by the ""hiring support team"" I can tell that it makes a difference in your favor to have them, ( I notice because I pass many months looking for job by myself before the bootcamp), so it is awesome to have them once you finish the bootcamp, It is not a walk in the park, it is still demanding looking for a job but the burden is less. Is it worth it ? well, short answer YES, is not cheap ( try looking for a scholarship or financing help); the end is just the beginning, as you finish the bootcamp you notice that there are SO many different technologies, tools and languages out there that it gets a little overwhelming, so look into the things you like and apply yourself on learning those new things you want or need.I have many thing to tell but I think these word are good enough to give you an idea of the experience. Best of luck if you choose this path.Read Less",ironhack
"I decided to enter Ironhack as a next step in my career. I came from IT field and always wanted to become software dev. After long research I found that most reviews have Ironhack as best option when looking at price/value for Coding Bootcamps in Europe.... Read MoreI attended 9 intensive weeks in Jun and graduated in August of 2019. Only 2 days after graduating I managed to land a position and I am still employed with the same company.The networking and opportunities that you gain during Bootcamp, I believe, are worth the money themselves. The 9 intensive weeks are only enough to scratch the surface of web dev world, but it's the step that maters as it will open up the world of possibility to anyone who takes it. If you are looking for a career change and are interested in Web Dev or are just looking to broaden your horizons or supplement traditional education, Ironhack is a place that is highly recommended!Read Less",ironhack
"Really tense but huge amount of practical knowledge what we've gained in less than 3 month. Still there is a lot more to learn, but now I have a solid foundation and I can even apply to real junior positions. I feel like that was one of my best investment... Read More so far in my life.Read Less",ironhack
"I was initially somehow scheptical about bootcamps. I had heard all sort of stories, good and bad. I did my research, looked for references and decided to join Ironhack in Lisbon. It was an incredible experience that changed my life and my career. Very... Read More greatful to the team, teachers and colleagues.Read Less",ironhack
"Still not working as a developer, but by talking to people already working in such position I believe that the curriculum is good and up to date with tools used in the industry. Teacher for our class has been great. Very attentious and really doing his... Read More best to help us learn. He is the kind of person willing to go that extra mile to help students absorb all the content. Career support has been good and better than what I expected. We've had workshops with an experienced recruiter and with people in management positions in tech companies. School infrastructure is good and improving. Recently added a few automated vending machines with snacks and drinks.Read Less",ironhack
"I have nothing but good things to say about Ironhack's UX/UI Bootcamp. It was simply amazing, in all senses. It was what allowed me to change career in such a way I could never have expected. Ironhack gave me all the supplies I needed to be able to become... Read More a UX Designer, not only with an incredible study content, a tremendous teacher and teacher assistants but also the support, in general, to reallocate myself as a professional.I was gifted with a teacher from the real market that showed us how important empathy is, and how this should be encouraged from the very beginning. It all started inside our classroom, with experiences and projects that inspired us to be empathetic not only with our users but with ourselves and among us, as classmates (and later good friends).We were able to be in touch with the whole Design Thinking and Double Diamond process, and we could untangle each step of the methodologies to both understand when we should apply it and how to apply it. We still have integral support, even after the course, since we all became good professional and life friends. Also, even during hard times, there are always companies getting in touch with me, and I can notice how attractive my curriculum is now, and I know I owe this to this experience I had. I have no restrictions in saying that Ironhack's UX/UI Bootcamp completely changed my life, and in all the very good senses.Não tenho nada além de coisas boas a dizer sobre o Bootcamp UX/UI da Ironhack. Foi simplesmente incrível, em todos os sentidos. Foi o que me permitiu mudar de carreira de uma maneira que eu nunca poderia ter esperado. A Ironhack me deu todos os suprimentos necessários para me tornar uma UX Designer, não apenas com um incrível conteúdo de estudo, uma tremenda professora e teacher assistants, mas também com apoio em geral, para me realocar como profissional.Fui presenteada com uma professora do mercado real que nos mostrou o quão importante é a empatia, e como isso deve ser incentivado desde o início. Tudo começou dentro da nossa sala de aula, com experiências e projetos que nos inspiraram a ter empatia não apenas com nossos usuários, mas conosco e entre nós, como colegas de classe (e mais tarde bons amigos).Conseguimos entrar em contato com todo o processo de Design Thinking e Double Diamond, e pudemos desembaraçar cada etapa das metodologias para entender quando devemos aplicá-la e como aplicá-la. Ainda temos apoio integral, mesmo após o curso, pois todos nos tornamos bons amigos de profissão e de vida.Além disso, mesmo em tempos difíceis, sempre há empresas entrando em contato comigo, e posso notar como meu currículo é atraente agora, e sei que devo isso a essa experiência que tive. Não tenho restrições em dizer que o Bootcamp UX/UI da Ironhack mudou completamente a minha vida e, em todos os bons sentidos.Read Less",ironhack
"At the beginning, I didn't know how to code and my level of mathematics was medium. But the teachers share with us their knowledge and were there every time we needed. Of course, you must work hard and continue even if you think you can't, at the end... Read More you will be proud of yourself and you will be able to start a new job!Read Less",ironhack
"Vim da área química, resolvi mudar de profissão e a IRONHACK me deu todo o suporte para essa mudança. Entrei e não sabia nada, acreditei no curso e conseguir aprender e mudar de área. Antes engenheira química, agora sou e atuo como engenheira de dados.... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"In 2019 I decided to change careers and I believed that at Ironhack I could have that, but I didn't imagine that in addition to changing careers, I would find people and structure that made me grow and discover myself and have a support network for life.... Read More Ironhack not only helped me to upgrade my career but also in my life.The only point that would improve is in the organization of the company and review points during the course of the course.But it is certainly an experience that I will always remember!Read Less",ironhack
"For me it was not that hard decision to take because I had background in computer science but was off grid with different career path so I decided to back in field which I already studied for and have passion. Just needed the focused start Ironhack was... Read More an absolute decision their systematic course help me to train myself . I landed my first job in Ironhack job fair which they usually had a week after completing course . A year later I was hired in a multinational corporation as senior software engineer where I currently work. Ofcourse I recommend Ironhack they have course curriculum they have new techniques to teach , I basically from Pakistan I lived in Brazil Ironhack gave me opportunity to make some amazing friends, the teachers was amazing all of them still in contact with me. It was fun that make me more passionate about programming. Genuinely loved it. Hopefully you enjoy your journey as well with amazing community of Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"The bootcamp was a great experience. It was not easy, I even suspect it is not tailored for everyone, but it took me further than I could have done by myself within such a short time. The curriculum is on point, the whole team friendly and keen to help... Read More in any possible way. The cons are, I guess, inherent to the time constraint: unless you have some previous coding experience, you will feel overwhelmed sometimes. The strength that I see is that the overall wholesome atmosphere alleviated a lot of the fears. Also I love the stack.Read Less",ironhack
"To be honest, as a non-French speaker living in France, I did not expect that I would be interviewing for a web dev position during a lockdown, but I currently am - and I have Ironhack to thank for. Whether I get accepted or not is on me, but the fact... Read More that most of us who graduated in March 2020 are being contacted by companies says a lot about Ironhack's reputation (and the high demand of web devs in France)The full time program which lasted for 9 weeks was intense. We were expected to build projects whether or not we fully understood the concepts - which could either be good or bad for a student depending on their learning style - but anyone who needed help, got help. I was surrounded by other students who have the same goals as me and who have helped me get through coding challenges. The teaching assistants - Frank, Clara, PH, and Tatijana - were very helpful most especially during project week when we were all somewhat free-diving; and our lead instructor, Guillaume, was a good source of knowledge and was very patient with us noobs in answering all technical questions. As for job support, it is nice to have Dina and Morgane as our cheerleaders in finding our new roles. They have been sending weekly emails since our program ended, giving us structure and motivating us in our job hunting journey. They helped us in revamping our LinkedIn profiles and CVs, and also in preparing for interviews. We were supposed to have a hiring fair where we can meet with company reps in person, but because of the corona virus situation, the event has been postponed. But, our profiles were still sent out to the companies that know about Ironhack and got contacted by them.And wait. It is important to mention that it was not all just work. We also had seminars and weekly fun activities that gave us opportunity to connect in a personal level -- all these events organized by our program manager, Katya.So again for someone who just moved to a new country, this was overall a great experience in many aspects - I've made friends and I've learned new skills enough for me to land a junior dev role in France. So yea in conclusion, joining Ironhack is the best thing I've done for myself this year.Read Less",ironhack
"Actually, ironhack changed my life, i was a food deliveryman before the bootcamp, the experience you gain studying on ironhack is just amazing, they have very proffesional teachers, new challenges and the best educational system ive ever seen in my life,... Read More if you love programming or wanna change your career goals, ironhack is the place, now im a full stack developer for energetika, with very good salary. Ironhack was the most difficult thing ive ever did, but is the best too.Read Less",ironhack
"This was a mind-opening life experience. The course was pretty intense in terms of the amount of material to learn, and tasks and practical projects to complete, but all is designed in such a way that the students can handle everything and on time. The... Read More structure of the course is very well thought of. Teachers and assistants were very knowledgeable, supportive and kind. They made us work as a team and created an atmosphere where we could share our successes and failures (growths and glows), all for the sake of self-development. Big hats-off to how quickly and smoothly the school moved online as a reaction to the Covid-19 situation. During the transition, they kept us informed and made sure that our concerns are heard and handled accordingly. The communication, readiness and agility was truly remarkable.During the course we had meetups with various professionals from the industry coming over to share their experience and expertise. This was very inspiring and helpful from the point of networking. The course helped me refresh and broaden my skills to match the today's industry adopted workflows and concepts. I feel confident to attend job interviews and I am ready to share my experience as a UX/UI Designer with colleagues and contribute to a team.Read Less",ironhack
"Before I enrolled at Ironhack, I read reviews by people saying it changed their lives and was the best decision they ever made. I thought they were exaggerating but after finishing my Boot Camp I’m happy to tell you that WOW I feel exactly the same way.... Read More I did the full-time UX course. It was hard work but I learned so much in 9 weeks despite having no background in design. We got in-person lectures as well as corresponding digital lecture slides and bonus material that’s ours to keep. Another aspect I loved was getting to do a hackathon with students from the other cohorts (web development and data). It was fun and collaborative and taught us a lot about the disciplines we’ll probably be working with in the future. Not only did Ironhack set me up for success (I’m now officially a UX/UI designer), but I met some of the most amazing people ever. For this and many other reasons, I’m happy I chose Ironhack over any other bootcamp. If you want more info about Ironhack, call them up or reach out to an alumni (everyone is really helpful!)Read Less",ironhack
"Had a great experience within this bootcamp, also the switch between in person class and online classes (due to Covid-19) was really smooth. This bootcamp made a perfect bridge (which I was missing) between the analytics and engineering part. Fully recommend... Read More this bootcamp! It's a lot of hard work, but It's worth it!!Read Less",ironhack
"I had 0 background experience in programming and web development. In 9 weeks Ironhack's Web development Bootcamp gave me more than enough knowledge and skill to be able to start a new career. It didn't took me even a month to find a job after I finished... Read More the bootcamp and almost 2 years later here I am, still learning and improving my skills as a Full Stack Developer.Read Less",ironhack
"I had an awesome experience during my Ironhack Berlin bootcamp! It was a very social, and oriented towards getting the students a job as a webdeveloper after the course is finished. They have a friendly staff, a nice campus and I felt like they all worked... Read More extremely hard to satisfy the students. The course is very intense but this is something I prefer myself as it also nurtures a steep learning curve!Read Less",ironhack
"I can say that joining Ironhack will be one of the most impactful and important decisions of my life. The pace is fast, but that's what you want when you're tackling a career change. It has to be fast, intense and with relevant information.Since I left... Read More the bootcamp I feel like I have super powers. Nothing is out of reach from me. THe team is amazing and the environment in class is outstandingRead Less",ironhack
"The web development bootcamp was intense and fun at the same time. The staff, teachers and teaching assistants have a lot of energy and positivity and they managed to pass it down to us.  The learning material was rich and clearly structured and included... Read More a very good balance between theory and practice. What I also found really helpful is the fact that there was no grading system, everyone could make up their own goals and decide how much they wanted to push themselves. I think that worked really well.  There was a lot of support regarding career topics, like how to improve our CVs and how to do well in interviews. And most of us got some interviews and coding challenges through the internal hiring fair.  Finally, it wouldn't have been such a great experience without the general feeling of community. Ironhack staff contributed a lot to that by organising some activities and hanging out for drinks now and then.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was satisfying. The course was very comprehensive, in just nine weeks I learned a lot of important and industry related skills, from basic programming and data cleaning in Python all the way to Statistical data analysis and Machine... Read More learning algorithms. The course is very well structured and focuses on the skills that the job market needs. I never really thought that I can learn so much in just nine weeks.The culture at Ironhack is amazing. The staff is very attentive, they are always asking for feedback and looking for ways to improve the overall experience and they were always doing their best to make sure we reach our learning goals.Read Less",ironhack
"I followed the Ironhack web dev bootcamp in full time, from January to March 2020. I arrived a little backwards and I come out of it full of energy, projects, friends and, only a few weeks later, I was already hired, despite the confinement, at a fullstack... Read More developer position.The Ironhack teams, educational and admin, are truly exceptional. I have rarely seen an organization in which everyone has a real concern for doing high quality work, in this case offering students excellent training and a great experience.On the course side, the Lead Teacher and Teacher assistants  combo works very well. All are very available and helpful, and set up a framework as serious as motivating, pleasant, really a nice balance found! This is appropriate: the training is very dense and you need a good motivation to follow and store all the information shared. The online platform offering lessons and exercises (available for life) is also very well done, and full of useful resources (good luck to anyone who wants to exhaust it!). The training is well sequenced between the course modules and the projects, which are an opportunity to apply the learning and above all to take enormous pleasure in building our first websites. It was the most exciting part for me, and which allows me today to have 3 projects that I can develop even more and maybe monetize.The training is embellished with lots of nice moments, without taking up too much space, without being cool to be cool, and which allow you to share a great adventure with all the fellow students, some of whom have become friends, dev partners.Ironhack also rolls out the red carpet to support job search: CV workshops, cover letter, interviews, partnerships with recruiting companies, recruitment agencies specializing in tech, etc.You understood , I have only positive to share and if I did not have to return to take care of my daughter, born just after the bootcamp, I would gladly extend the story!Read Less",ironhack
"A little disclaimer: I already had some knowledge of the bootcamp curriculum, so your experience might differ. Now that's out of the way...Imagine a chilly February morning and you arrive for the first time at the IronHack campus in Amsterdam, you are... Read More greeted by the TA's (teaching assistant) and LT (lead teacher). After a small breakfast, the GM kicks-off the cohort and it begins. You are thrown into user centric design, research, interviews and work on group assignments. The next week there's more ... more and more... Pretty much the moment you step-in it's going to be busy, however... very inspiring.You learn so much, not only from the teaching staff but especially your classmates who come from different backgrounds. My cohort had: engineers, sociologists, analysts, graphic designers, video producers, project managers, consultants. Now that experience has settled, I'm extremely grateful to having the possibility in meeting such a unique and inspiring bunch of people. The program is structured in a way to reflect the crazy pace in the industry itself. I double checked with my network and it's official, since companies are getting more and more design focused. Of course there will be weeks with breathing room, so you can regroup before the next big individual projects. The TA's and LT will push you as a designer and let your creativity, passion and ideas go wild. Just mind the time and health!My experience was unique. Since half-way through the campus was closed due to the increased health risk from the coronavirus pandemic (2020) and we switched to online lessons via Zoom. I must say it went really well, as we all tried to be online with the cameras on as much as possible to avoid breaking the feel of classroom. We did miss the Ironhack Beers on Friday, but hey ... games and virtual drinks were the solution! I came to the bootcamp to find my voice as a designer and must I say.. I've been successfully at crushing engineers in discussions ;) Would I recommend it? YES! However you need to bring an open mind, curiosity and embrace the design process.Read Less",ironhack
"It was summer 2018 when I was with my family enjoying some days in the South of Spain and I was wondering about taking a master in some discipline to improve my creative skills and that's when my sister who works at Ironhack totally recommended me to... Read More take the UX/UI Design Bootcamp to start a career in the digital industry. UX what? I asked. I was a bit scared with the idea of joining a course of this type without having any background in the field but finally I decided to do it and I can say it has been one of the best decision I have made in my life. Ironhack is the kind of experience that changes your life. The content of the course is very complete, the rhythm is frenetic but thanks to the learning methodology ""learning by doing"" and the great team of teachers, once you are inside and work hard every day, success is guaranteed. I did the course in 2018 and now I work as UX/UI Designer at Tailor Hub, a startup co-founded by 4 Ironhack alumni where we create digital products.Read Less",ironhack
"Being in the part time course has the disadvantage that you work every day and the only time to work on bootcamp projects is in the classes which are not always designed to do it. One of the advantages is that you work on projects with startups, this... Read More will help you to have an experience very close to reality in the labor field. Another advantage is the training focused in the job searching, this training helps you a lot at the time you are really looking for a job. The theachers assistent are very helpful during the projects.Read Less",ironhack
"Attending this bootcamp has become one the most important and amazing experiences of my life. The Ironhack team, the teacher, and the teacher assistants provided great support and so much dedication to our success. I really enjoyed all the experience... Read More on the course and become part of this great family. I'll be always thankful to Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"In my experience, the bootcamp allowed me to get really close to code using Python, apply libraries like Pandas, Numpy, Matplot, Seaborn, Folium among others, as well as implement SQL, MongoDB, Tableau and Machine Learning models with an intensive and... Read More clear program to develop new skills in just 9 weeks. The structure of the classes, as well as the material given, allows us to be in a permanent state of alert that help us to study and develop critical thinking, participate in collaborative work, and improve or develop a self-taught capacity to be able to fulfill tasks and projects in a very short time.Read Less",ironhack
"As a student i enjoy every second of the bootcamp, helped me to boost my career from graphic designer to user interface designer with background in user experience. The journey is great, they take care of you as a student and as a profesional, tough it... Read More was a little tired cause i do part-time, but overall if i could take back time, i will do it always again.Read Less",ironhack
"It’s a great experience, a place to find great humans and stories in 8 to 12 weeks you can learn amazing amounts of useful information.The Data Analytics teaching team of my bootcamp (Yonathan, Oscar and, Vannia) are top teachers, they helped me out during... Read More the whole bootcampThe installations are amazing and you can always talk with anyone at the Ironhack team that can help you, also the slack communications with the global network is great.Read Less",ironhack
"The Curriculum always is updated to the newest tools and best practices.The career services are the best, giving you the opportunity of working with great companies right after you finish the course.On the bad side, I would have preferred to watch more... Read More events about UX, there's more events about web development .Read Less",ironhack
Amazing experience in Ironhack Madrid! I found a job in 3 months and I realized I learnt all the necessary for meeting my new employer needs! The people together with the experience was great. Really professional staff and teaching team. I would definitely... Read More recommend Ironhack to a friend!Read Less,ironhack
"It was a life changing experience. Teachers and the rest of the staff are very nice and reachable and the technologies are up to date. Interestingly, I liked it so much I am currently doing the data analysis bootcamp too where I developed a project that... Read More analyzes what technologies are required in the job market and got to the conclusion that they are exactly the same that the ones in Ironhack’s curriculum &lt;3Read Less",ironhack
Joining Ironhack was the best decision for me as part of a career change I was doing (I came from a non-related field). Not only that I met great and supportive people (students and instructors) but I also got the set of skills and mindset I needed in... Read More order to enter this field and make my career change. The course was challenging and I learned a lot but at the same time so much fun.Read Less,ironhack
"Taking part in this Bootcamp was probably the best decision I've made so far. The instructors are extremely skilled and pro-active to help you learn as much as possible. The curriculum is well-structured but it is intense, so be aware that you need to... Read More come with full dedication and motivation. Joining Ironhack is not just simply participating in a course, it's joining a community where you will meet friends for life. Would 100% recommend Ironhack to anyone who wants to learn web dev!Read Less",ironhack
"I have a design background and I've never coded before I started Ironhack. I had an amazing experience during the Bootcamp, with a great content structure and staff support. The teacher was incredible, one of the best that I've had. I've not just learned... Read More how to code in Javascript but also how to learn other languages by myself. After two months that I've completed the Bootcamp, I started to work at the developer field.Read Less",ironhack
"Doing the web dev bootcamp at Ironhack in Berlin was a wonderful experience. The people I met are now some of my best friends, the staff is amazing, the course is really intense and really well made. If you are from a non technical background or even... Read More if you already are a developer and want to learn up to date technologies, this bootcamp is really great. I was really confident about my skills after graduation and got a fascinating job as a software developer in Berlin. My friends from the bootcamp are all software engineers now and we feel really connected with Ironhack that changed our lives forever.Read Less",ironhack
"I’m more than satisfied with my Ironhack experience. The quality of the lessons and projects is really good and they make a lot of effort for you to have not only the knowledge but a nice portfolio ready for the job search. If your looking for a career... Read More change, I would totally recommend it.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack meets beyond my expectations. Indeed, the fact of doing it remotely at first I was afraid ... but in the end, the staff is very responsive, very organized and has adapted very well to the current situation which is not necessarily very simple... Read More to manage. We carry out all the training via Zoom and it's going very well, there is a real exchange between teachers and students. The bootcamp is very intense but it's great, because in a few months I really feel like I have learned a lot and putting it into practice every week, thanks to the realization of group or personal projects, we are evolving rapidly. We have good feedbacks of our works and we are learning to give it as well. We present our projects every week to the whole class so we also learn to speak in public and all English! I highly recommend this school!Read Less",ironhack
"It’s a great and intense experience, it gives you the tools and skills you need to star your journey. I would only recommend it to beginners because you don’t get too deep in each topic. You don’t specialize in certain way. Overall it was a good course,... Read More great teachers and great environment.Read Less",ironhack
"Last year I completed the UX Design bootcamp at Ironhack and right before it, I had the opportunity to become Teaching Assistant for the next class. This exchange with a different teacher and with new students, from really different backgrounds, is adding... Read More a lot to my experience and knowledge about UX Design, ways of working, career possibilities and much more!Read Less",ironhack
"I was looking for a program that was challenging, supportive, and dedicated to results - I got that with IronHack. Despite my prior experience, IronHack was challenging from day 1. The TAs and admins were supportive; so were my classmates. We stayed late... Read More to team up on hard problems. My classmates even pooled together money to help me and 2 others deal with a crisis. The career services team have been working hard to help us find jobs. Our cohort ended as countries around the world lockdowned (Covid-19). After a week-full of very helpful interview workshops, our talent day (job fair) got indefinitely postponed. I felt a little pessimistic at first (because of hiring freezes and stuff) but they have been relentless finding resources for us and giving us remote guidance.Read Less",ironhack
"Probably the best Bootcamp for UX/UI, Data Science, and Web development in Lisbon. a few months ago I would've never pictured myself in this state! Great workshops, top-class teachers, lovely people and colleagues, modern workspace, dynamic environment.... Read More what do you expect more from a Bootcamp?I was working as a junior UX/UI Designer then I participated in UX/UI Part-time course and I cannot compare myself before and after the Bootcamp!I learned a lot during the projects and now I feel much more confident. Ironhack also helps to connect the students to the companies after the Bootcamp.Highly recommend!Read Less",ironhack
"Studying at Ironhack has made me grow as a person and as a professional in ways I could not have imagined. I knew I wanted to make a career change and embrace digital transformation, but I did not know that this educational experience would bring me a... Read More whole new way of learning and collaborating with others (as well as being involved in such an active community). I had some doubts that 2 months would be enough to give me the technical skills I needed do make the shift, but now in my day to day work I use knowledge I gained in Ironhack everyday - and I can say that I would never be in the role I am at right now if not for this bootcamp. Thank you so much, I love Ironhack!!Read Less",ironhack
"I had a little bit of schooling with code in undergrad with Visual Basics and VBA from 6 years prior but never used it. I wanted to launch my career in a more technical field and I found Ironhack Bootcamp in my search of where to start. I wanted to not... Read More only brush up on my coding but also learn to apply it to build cool websites and applications. This course will give you the basic foundation from which to build upon! I've never had the discipline to keep up with online courses, which made this bootcamp appealing because you immerse yourself in a classroom surrounded by a great set of like minded people who are there to learn with you. The friends and network I made was invaluable and an added bonus to the skills I learned. Once you are part of the Ironhack community you remain part of the community long after. Lastly, as with anything you do in life, you get as much as what you put in and though it wasn't a walk in the park the challenge was well worth it.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended ironhack lisbon campus web development course. This was, without doubt, the most intense learning experience in my entire life. I ended up exhausted, but i learnt a lot. Really professional staff and teaching team. Helpful and they genuinely... Read More care about the students' well being. I already referred two friends who are joining in a few weeks.Read Less",ironhack
"The Data Analysis bootcamp at Ironhack was an incredible learning experience and served as a platform for me to challenge myself in a practical-oriented setup and equip me with the tools I need to be a high-performance professional.It was an exhaustive... Read More curriculum and pushed me to learn more on various technical fronts, but also how to properly function in a fast paced work-environment. There's a supportive atmosphere and it is easy to see that the entire team does their absolute best to help you achieve your learning goals. I was enjoying it so much that I frequently lingered in the premises until closing time just doing extra laps or pursuing more knowledge with my colleagues.The campus @HedenLisboa is incredible, with loads of natural light and a huge balcony facing the Tagus river, well located near a train station, metro station with several bus stations nearby.The Ironhack team was restless organizing pertinent events for us about tech, open to our suggestions and very proactive creating team building exercises that helped in creating a tight group of students that helped each other immensely, and I can't overstate how important this is for the crafting of a positive learning experience.It is hard to explain how much we can achieve in such a short amount of time with the right setup. Ironhack is tech education done right.Read Less",ironhack
"Amazing!For me attending the Data Analytics bootcamp in Ironhack Lisbon was an amazing experience, it made me grow not only intellectually but also as a person. For me, a Biologist who knew nothing about programming, I was mesmerised by the curriculum!... Read More It was always pushing and intriguing me.We add projects, and they might seem scary and the time sometimes seem short but in the end they are totally worth it. They are a consolidation of your learning, and you will see how much you grow with them.It was so intense and interesting that we rarely add time to think about other things but the support from the teacher and the staff is always top notch. There was never a time that I felt alone, even now that we needed to transit to remote we have total support from the Ironhack family!I'm trying to figure out some cons but for me it's hard because I really came out of it feeling as a better person and with a lot of relevant tools in my arsenal that are importante for the job market.The only thing that I didn't like was the fact that I didn't have time to properly say goodbye to some of my colleagues that needed to return home without much of a notice due to the covid-19 outbreak. With this you can see that the bonds that were created during the 9 week bootcamp can only be matched by the level of knowledge that I acquired.Thank you Ironhack Lisbon, now together to the job hunt!!Read Less",ironhack
The bootcamp is the ideal experience to accelerate your learning curve. Of course all of the information is available online but the fact that the course is curated to properly feed you the right concepts at the right time changes completely the learning... Read More experience. On top of that Ironhack (in my case Ironhack Lisbon) is constantly updating the content to keep up with the industry standards and has the best professionals in their team!Read Less,ironhack
"Yes I know, it sounds cliché like that but it’s true. I attended the Ironhack Full-time UX/UI bootcamp in May 2019 and since it allowed me to make a big switch in my career. I’ve learned so much in the bootcamp in such a short period of time, I honestly... Read More didn’t think it was possible before. And after the bootcamp I had the opportunity to stay and work for Ironhack as a Teacher Assistant from August to March (3 cohorts) and it’s taught me even more teaching others. Now I’m feeling more confident than ever on my journey to evolve as a Product Designer. If you’re thinking about doing Ironhack, I’ll tell you to go for it, 100%. You won’t regret it.Read Less",ironhack
"Working at Ironhack Lisbon was a wonderful experience. The curriculum its really complete and in two months you learn all the knowledge you need to be able to work as a UX/UI Designer.Working with Hugo Rocha as Lead teacher was super interesting, he is... Read More a really good teacher and amazing designer.All the Ironhack team its super close, kind and wants you to give the best.Recomend 100%.Read Less",ironhack
"I have just finished a course in Data Analytics in Ironhack Lisbon, and I can happily say this was one of the wisest decisions I have ever made. I have accomplished many goals in a short amount of time, from technical skills to strengthening my resilience... Read More and acquiring new learning methods and tools. I applied to this course very early (8 months before I started) which allowed me to thoroughly study the topics beforehand. However, it was only during the course that I really got the grasp of everything I know right now on Python, Pandas, Web Scrapping, SQL, Statistics in Data Analysis, Machine Learning, etc. This is not all though, we had numerous talks about topics concerning data analysis such as Business Intelligence, Object Oriented Programming, Mongo DB, Django and many more. It would be an endless list if I continued mentioning all the skills I have acquired. This really opened my job opportunities despite the current crisis with COVID109. In fact, I believe this was the right moment in my life to dive into tech as the job market is now changing and becoming more conscious of the importance of digitization. I recommend Ironhack to anyone who is studying Programming on their own and/or wants to change their career towards tech. I have tried multiple courses online before this but nothing can compare. This is will be hard work, so be conscious of that. For 2 months you will be studying and working on projects nonstop. At the same time you will have great and supportive staff and colleagues who will be there for you not only to help you out but to share a laugh with. My advice is for you to take a good look at the syllabus and review beforehand the topics you think you may struggle with. Personally, for me, was Statistics (I come from a humanities educational background) and I needed more time with on this than some of my colleagues. During the bootcamp it will be hard for you to keep reviewing the same topic because you are constantly learning new things. Prioritize your time as best as you can! Overall, great experience. Hard work but definitely worth it.Read Less",ironhack
"After seven years in the Fashion Industry, I decided to build a career that would fit me better. I like languages, I like computers, I like logic and challenges... I was advised to look into web-development, so where to start ? After deciding on taking... Read More a bootcamp (I like fast paced environments and structured learning) it was now to choose : which one ?Based on languages taught, and previous students feedback, and after asking senior devs around me, I went to Ironhack. For two months and a half I ate code for every meal : it's very intense, and you have to remain calm and confident through the whole thing, giving your best and trusting the process. For me ? It worked. In nine weeks I won't have the pretention to say ""Yeah I'm totally a fullstack dev"" but I coded three projects, the last wining an award from my school. I'm now able to start coding my own things, and I discovered something I love and want to work in.The teaching team has been very supporting from start to finish, I made good friends even if I was expecting a 9 to 6 gig, and I really liked the general atmosphere put in place to make everyone feel at home. Before finishing my bootcamp, I've been offered a TA position for the next sessions, and the chance to help others have the same experience I had, and challenging myself into debugging students on problems I was struggling with a few weeks before was very tempting : I said yes. They've been very reactive when the lockdown took set in France, and we're now running the session in remote, we maintained the friendly atmosphere and we give everything to make our students feel the same support and mentoring as if they were physically in the classroom. Javascript all the way (Node and React) are stacks that get you hired, that's what we teach.I would like to stick around for a while, and find a position in a company, and why not launch myself as a freelance in a year or two ! Career wise, we're coached every step of the way : workshops, support, custom path tracking, and goals setting. Even remotely, they reach out to us and make sure we have the best tools / clues as to where / how to get the job we want, and that's a big plus that wasn't on the ""brochure"" of every bootcamp.I would totally recommend this school to people who are not afraid to work hard, sweat and challenge themselves. It's hard, it's intense, it's very fast but if you really play by the rules and put yourself out there, I truly believe it works.Read Less",ironhack
"The teachers and teaching assistants are extremely knowledgeable and experienced in the field that they taught us. They were super supportive, and always available to help. The materials that we covered are extensive, and we really learned how to complete... Read More a project using the design thinking principles. The only downside was the program that was mandatory for the course was for Mac only, and there are other tools as powerful or more powerful available for both platforms. The logic behind using this specific program was that it is shown quite frequently on job listings within the area of the boot camp. So in that sense, they were giving us the skills in a tool used by future employers.Read Less",ironhack
"I did Ironhack one year ago, I was a freelance graphic designer in Paris and I needed new challenges and knowledge so I did the UX/UI Bootcamp. It basically changed the way I design and my career. Having these 9 weeks to create and exchange with new people... Read More and learn new tools to do my job and specialize myself in the tech world was the best opportunity I had. I am now part of the team as a TA and feel so blessed to be part of this journey with the students, I can see that it is an amazing experience making them grow as designer but also as people. It is a learning and a human experience.Read Less",ironhack
"I aplied to Ironhack without knowing how to code, what is Javascript React, Node etc. And in 9 weeks became a junior Web Developer. I'm not gonna lie, it's difficult and we must put the effort for long hours after the lessons end and study in the weekends... Read More too, but in the end, you are really able to do what is promissed to you. And get the basis for keeping improving your knowledge about other languages and frameworks.Besides that, you will meet incredible people and make good friends.So it was a great 9 weeks learning process!Read Less",ironhack
"This bootcamp was a life changing experience. The curriculum structure compiled everything needed in order to achieve a successful career. Not only that, but the people are also amazing, classmates were all amazing, as were the teachers and employees.... Read More It was a brilliant experience and an effective career change investiment.Read Less",ironhack
"This bootcamp give me real opportunity to open a window in the big market of developing, show how that's work in deatils and give me the possibility to compare skills and opinion with other people in the sector. And also give me a huge knowledge about... Read More the most modern and powerful techs for develop, but more give me a mindset and a way to work for never stop to learn.In IronHack Lisbon i found really stimulant work environement, and the Staff was really great and prepared for his work.I think this was one of the best choice of my life!Read Less",ironhack
"I did the Ironhack in Amsterdam and did the parttime UX/UI course.At first I was doubting if a bootcamp would be a good thing to do. In the end, I pulled the trigger. Finished yesterday, met great people and learned a lot. I'd highly recommend this programme... Read More and here is why:Pro's:- The programme is varied. We had 3 UX projects, 3 UI, 1 coding and 1 final project. Sometimes you would be in groups of 4, 3 or 2 and also just by yourself.- Because of the small group nature of the programme, you get to know everyone and work with almost anyone.- Our teacher and teaching staff were knowledgeable, caring but also challenging and demanding. You will get feedback. But this will help you grow. And it's always constructive feedback.- The programme manager and other administrative staff. They were constantly improving the campus. I.e. with new furniture, branding, ping pong table and so much more.- External speakers and UI workshop were a big thing.Cons:- In the beginning their were certain things that did not go well. Small things for instance the online material was a bit different from the class material. Or some supplies were not always restocked. However, we had a retrospective after each project. The teacher would use our feedback and make sure those things and more were improved.- Corona virus. Our final project had to take place online. Naturally, the school had to be closed and this was out of their hands. The online environment were good and quickly developed. We gave our final presentation online and could not thank the teaching staf in person or receive our certificate.Read Less",ironhack
"Pros: - the course is very well balanced, focusing on many different skills that are essential in working life - the teaching staff are very talented, and genuinely care about students success. No one is left behind. - the recruitment services are incredible;... Read More almost everyone who attended my bootcamp got a job within 2 months - teamwork and support between students is strongly encouraged, which is essential given the stresses that a full-time bootcamp cause Cons:- the combination of the fast pace and the broad subject matter means its impossible to grasp everything that you're taught. Overall, the bootcamp exceeded my expectations; it combines great teaching with great recruitment services.Read Less",ironhack
"I meet an amazing people, everybody in class is so nice, TA's are amazing and José is amazing teacher, count on him with anything. We help each other if someone was a question, doubts about something. We had all the necessary support. These 3 months go... Read More by very fast and it was amazing! Even when the bootcamp ended, I've been received messages about events, meetings, job vacancy...I feel like I'm part of Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"I had an incredible experience during the Web Dev Bootcamp at Ironhack Lisbon. I’m still amazed by how much I was able to learn and achieve. The course is very challenging and intense, so you really have to dedicate yourself during these 9 weeks. But... Read More I guarantee that it will be worth it.We had constant support from the lead teacher and assistants. They were all friendly, highly skilled and worked hard to teach us. And the whole Lisbon staff provided a very welcoming environment.I particularly enjoyed how the days were structured intercalating theory and practice, with many interesting labs. And the projects were an excellent opportunity to apply everything we learned and build our portfolio.Read Less",ironhack
"My web developer bootcamp at Ironhack Lisbon was a turning point in life. They took me from zero to job ready in 9 weeks. The lead teacher, TAs as well the staff made the whole experience memorable. The Lisbon campus is absolutely stunning, which brings... Read More your experience to a new level.Read Less",ironhack
Attending Ironhack Web Dev Bootcamp in Lisbon was a really amazing experience. It was very challenging and I'm very grateful for all the Lisbon campus team for the goal achieved. I had no experience at all with code and I'm surprised how many things I... Read More could learn in only 9 weeks. The course is very well structured and it has lot of challenging exercises where you can learn and practice all the knowledge passes by the teacher during the classes. And never forget 'trust the process'.Read Less,ironhack
"I was part of the first UX / UI Designer Part-Time class at Ironhack Lisboa and I can only say good things: the classes have an incredible practical sense that shows how you work in the job market and I have never experienced an equal connection with... Read More people outside my circle of friends. Ironhack is about a sense of presence, respect and proactivity. I was always looking forward to going to classes, even with the high stress level. I think it was one of the best investments I made in my life because I managed to change my life in 6 months.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack offers a great solution to anyone who wants to enter the programming world. As someone who knew just the basics of web development and worked in a completely different field (fishery) I was a tiny bit skeptical at first about the whole ""become... Read More a programmer in 9 weeks"". Truth be told, that's exactly what happens. The curriculum is very well structured, teaching you the fundamentals and problem solving skills before diving into more code specific details. You learn the most up-to-date technologies and practices. The fast-paced rythm is not an hindrance, it's actually one of the best aspects, pushing you to stay on top of things and never letting you fall behind. The teaching staff (Lead teacher and assistants) have a clear knowledge of everything in the curriculum and are always supportive, making sure that you understand every concept and helping you whenever you need. The rest of the staff is also very present in the day-to-day, creating lots of extra-activities, talking to students and overrall creating a very friendly and relaxed environment. Unfortunately due to the COVID-19 situation there were some problems when it came to the job search after the course, but these problems were more related to the market situation (companies freezing their hiring process) than the school itself. We still received a lot of support material, webinars, talks and carreer advice on a weekly basis after the course finished.If you're looking to start a carreer in tech, no matter what your prior job or knowledge about coding was, this is definitely the right choice.Read Less",ironhack
"I had an amazing experience during this bootcamp. Ironhack staff (education and non-education) makes everything they can for you to feel part of the family. The curriculum is great, the pace is madly incredible and challenging, and when I finished I felt... Read More super confident to join the job market. I recommend the course if you think you are wasting your potential in your current job, if you want to have a unique experience and/or if you want to explore your limits and get to know yourself better.Read Less",ironhack
"After completing my Masters on Industrial Engineering, I was looking for opportunities to start a professional career as a Data Scientist. However, most of the job positions available in the field, required a high level of knowledge in programming languages... Read More like Python, R and SQL, which I didn't have.To improve my technical skills on Data Analytics, I decided to join the IronHack Data Analytics bootcamp in Lisbon. This decision turned out to be an amazing add on to my existing set of skills and made me a much better engineer.Experience summary:- High workload;- High complexity on the topics;- So many new and useful things learned!- Machine Learning module is awesome, but short.- Very competent teaching staff;- Super responsible and caring administrative staff;- Cool extra seminars along the bootcamp, for example: Build an ETL Pipeline, Build a Django App;- Beer and pizza offered by IronHack on events! :)Detailed experience:The program is very well distributed. The first weeks were mainly dedicated to learn basic programming and to clean data in Python. Since, data cleaning is such an important feature on a Data Scientist, the program has a very intensive approach on this subject (Very cool and useful!). We also spent a few days learning SQL, which is great, because it gives you a feel of the data warehousing task. Then, we learned how to manipulate data and make it 'readable' for everyone, using super interesting data visualization libraries and software. At this point, we were only at the first part of the bootcamp. The workload was really high and the tasks were not easy, but I was learning so much! I thought it couldn't get more difficult, but then, second part of the bootcamp came on...After this point not only the workload increased, but the complexity of the subjects studied also increased! We started going deep on Statistics. This was a very challenging and important part of the bootcamp, since Statistics are one of the stepping stones of Data Analytics. The last weeks were dedicated to the coolest topic (in my opinion) - Machine Learning! We got to learn multiple algorithms and techniques to develop prediction projects. In the last project on campus (2 weeks project), we had to develop a Machine Learning Model and present our results. I was really happy and excited on the last weeks, cause I got to see and feel the potential of an amazing technology like Machine Learning. However, I got the feeling that we needed to dedicate more time on the Machine Learning module. The program should be reviewed in the sense that it should dedicate more time to study Deep Learning. The teaching staff was very competent! We had 4 teachers available - 1 lead teacher and 3 assistant teachers. They were really good educating and there was always someone available to help. Very effective teaching system!Besides the technical characteristics and the teaching staff of the program, I also feel that is important to refer that the administrative IronHack staff was really amazing with me. They not not only did a good job on a professional level, but also, on a personal level. Very responsible and caring staff!Read Less",ironhack
"The ironhack will certainly be marked in my life, not only for the quality of the course itself. But for the 10 weeks that felt like 1 year and the friendships that I built on that journey.In 9 weeks of class all past knowledge is valid, maybe one detail... Read More or another is missing but if you learn everything they are willing to teach you will leave 1000% better than you entered. They always try to catch up with the market and are super attentive. My class was harmed by the situation of COVID and by the job manager having resigned on hiring week, because of that I am not the best to indicate a note of Job Support. But among those who remain there is a lot of effort to try to help us as much as possible.Do the Ironhack, live the Ironhack, believe in the process and give yourself 110%, you will not regret it, just be willing and with time for it, plan and have a money reserve when you graduate because it will depend a lot on the market demand , you can get a job in the first month or only after three, it also depends a little on you when looking for a job and improving your knowledge after the course.Read Less",ironhack
"I had an amazing experience in the full time Data Analytics course. It is really intensive and not for everyone, it is up to you to make the best of it. The staff is great and the teaching team really care for your experience. They also have an interesting... Read More career service to help you find a job afterwards and build your network.Read Less",ironhack
"I feel obligated to write a review for this course because I have very mixed feelings about the experience. I will try to be as honest as possible. Before the course starts, students must complete prework assignments based off an online learning platform.... Read More The platform was a good start but didn’t always provide all necessary information or enough examples to completely understand the material. The TAs are available to help, but in my experience they didn’t always get back to me right away (I later learned why—the TAs are extremely overworked). The prework needs improving because there’s no good way to accurately see if you’ve learned enough before the course starts, even by completing the two assignments. As for the course itself: class was from 9-18:00 but if you’re taking it seriously, you’ll stay several extra hours to complete the lab assignments. It’s lots of self-learning. The website is accurate in its structure of the day, with lectures and labs interspersed. They’re good at giving you lots of breaks, which you’ll need. The TAs are amazing and work hard to help you, sometimes sitting down for long periods of time to debug your code. Personally I think they did more than the teacher and deserve more pay/credit. On the other hand, the fact that TAs can help you whenever and assignments are often done with partners, it’s hard to know if you truly understand the material. You might be completing assignments after receiving help from others, so it’s hard to gauge whether you’ve comprehended it all. Personally I felt like my TAs coded my entire project because I didn’t understand any of it, while the feedback from the TAs was very positive. I therefore felt there was a huge discrepancy because they couldn’t truly see how people were doing. When I tried to advocate for myself, they always just told me I was fine. The projects overall are a great way to break into a new career. You’ll learn a lot and add to your portfolio. Additionally, you’ll do 1/2 daily labs, mini projects, so you’ll build up a good foundation. After the bootcamp I think learning online would be impossible. IH barely scratches the surface, and to learn the same amount without a bootcamp would take years, especially without help from peers. On the other hand, I personally think IH isn’t the right bootcamp anymore. Perhaps it once was, but its career services leave something to be desired (in the case of my class: a career). Our hiring week took place right before Christmas, so it might as well not have happened, as no one hires then anyway. After that, we received only a couple emails within the three months after graduating, not nearly enough compared to the services promised. They also weren’t overly available for meetings so scheduling usually wasn’t instantaneous, and my meetings were short and seemingly unproductive. They told me things I already know. More frustrating is the fact that of all the people in my class looking for a new job, only a small number got hired within those three months, probably well below a 50% hiring rate, or even 30%. Overall, a bootcamp may or may not be a good decision, but for the financial and physical and mental health costs, IH is not the best choice.Read Less",ironhack
"Best decision of my life. Ironhack gave me the necessary tools to achieve a successful career change.Daveed Fast, Jess and Brito and my TA katheryn they helped me incredibly by showing me how to improve my erroes and make me grow as a UX / UI designer.... Read More The program has excellent content according to the new trends in the industry. I highly recommend to people who want to start in the tech industry to take this bootcamp. Thank you so much.Read Less",ironhack
"Started the course last October. Give it everything m, like most of my colleagues.Enjoyed a great atmosphere.Learned from a well-tailored curriculum and great teachers.Got personalized help every step of the way including job-search.Now in a top-firm... Read More with great career perspectives.Give it all you got and it will work for you as well.Read Less",ironhack
"Intense experience to get the basics of programming in web environment. If you have no experience it's a good start, but don't expect to have enough knowledge for the job market. I will have to learn new concepts and deal with much bigger project. Good... Read More luck!Read Less",ironhack
"Pros: I realized a few months after graduating from this program that the most important thing it teaches is not Python or SQL, but the art of learning. Being exposed to new topics every day and being forced to deliver results constantly forces you to... Read More learn how to absorb information rapidly and efficiently and to untap your creative potential. You also become extremely adept at finding the information you need to solve a problem. A lot of material is covered and even though there's more breadth than depth, some labs are extremely useful. My first project at a data science company was to create a program that extracts information from a website and my notes from the ""Web scraping lab"" were tremendously useful. I solved it in no time. Cons: Some labs are outdated or not challenging enough. Some datasets are used so often you get bored. More exposure to key principles and fundamentals would be helpful. Final remark: This is a great bootcamp if you don't know anything about programming and want to switch careers. if you take it seriously, it might as well change your life.Read Less",ironhack
"I really loved the spirit and content of the Web Development bootcamp at Ironhack Berlin. I completed the bootcamp in October 2019, and within 2 weeks of finishing the bootcamp I had a dream job offer in Vienna thanks to a referral to the company by a... Read More friend. I am now earning over €40,000 as a junior full-stack developer in an amazing company where I am supported to learn and grow by a great mentor and colleagues. I used to work in sustainability, and chose to do the bootcamp when I finally accepted that it would not be possible for me to be financially stable or treated with value while making an impact in my old career. Now I can work on projects that are good for society, while also knowing I will be financially secure and have an easy time finding a job. The content of the course prepared me well for interviews and professional work, and the team always made me feel like I belonged there!Read Less",ironhack
I arrived Ironhack without any programming knowledge. Step by step they make me a real developer. I'm so happy to choose this school. The staff is awesome and the labs are so elaborated.The facilites are cool and in a nice placement. Highly recommended.... Read MoreRead Less,ironhack
"Attending this bootcamp has become one the most important experiences of my life. Lead teacher, German Alvarez, is the most skilled educator I've ever met. Not only because of his knowledge but because of his passion. The program of the bootcamp is up... Read More to date. You learn how to work in the current paradigm of web development. Teacher assistants and the rest of the team makes you feel welcomed by by day, helping you in every single aspect of the process.I have just finished it, but I would start it again just by tomorrow.Read Less",ironhack
"Si quieres reinventarte, sacar lo mejor de ti, explorar nuevos conceptos relacionados con la experiencia de los usuarios o abrir tu mente hacia un área de negocio en crecimiento, esto curso es para ti. 9 semanas que pondrán tu vida patas arriba y te ayudarán... Read More a ser mejor profesional.Read Less",ironhack
"Al llegar al curso sabiendo lo mínimo de la materia, te das cuenta lo mucho que puedes llegar a aprender en 9 semanas, ya que, los profesores dan unas clases excelentes, y no te dejan con duda, siempre están apoyándote y te acercan a personas que ya trabajan... Read More en la industria, y al acercarte a una empresa real en tu proyecto real, te dan un panorama de cómo podría llegar a ser tu trabajo fuera del bootcampRead Less",ironhack
"Mi experiencia como estudiante ya graduada de Ironhack fue bastante gratificante, aprendí más de lo que había imaginado, me siento capaz de salir al mundo laboral y ejercer como diseñadora UX/UI, la experiencia en él aula de clases supero mis expectativas,... Read More a pesar de que todo fue muy intenso, los profesores siempre están al pendiente de ti, también todo el personal de la escuela, nunca te dejan con dudas y tratan de que hagamos los proyectos de manera correcta y que estemos aprendiendo todo este tiempo.Read Less",ironhack
"If you are interested in giving a change to your life, whether you are a developer or not, you have studied something in order to programming or digital marketing, this is an excellent option, the truth is that it is not easy, your first weeks are beautiful,... Read More everything is Take it easy, you find out that you have colleagues who are industrial designers, biologists (real history), you learn a lot, you level with the group, of course there are those who excel in the group.The teachers at the level, experts, I thank Joss and Diego very much for the work they did for us, they never left us alone, always attentive, everything is beautiful until the first module project touches, it is difficult, it is when you really you realize that this is serious, but just as it is difficult you do a super match with your teammates, everyone feels in the same difficult situation, you become empathetic, friendly.The first exhibition is rare, you are faced with presenting your ugly son, your first creation but everything is worth it, that's the way it is in each of the modules.This bootcamp is a real challenge, it has its ups and downs, hold on, you are not alone, you make true friends that are worth for a lifetime, you learn an incredible work rhythm that you will not learn anywhere else, if you are thinking of learning web development, ironhack is a Or maybe I would say the best option you can choose.someone who just finished the bootcamp tells you, it's worth a hundred percent worthnever stop codingRead Less",ironhack
"Quite an experience, you do not think it will be difficult until it is 3 am and you have not finished the task for the day, a good level of teaching but the best is the level of the teachers, always attentive to trends and giving everything.Great experiences... Read More and being part of an unbeatable community every day bigger than developers is something that Ironhack leaves you.Once Ironhacker, always IronhackerRead Less",ironhack
"My first impression when knowing ironhack, is that it is a traditional school, where I will learn what they teach you in a university. You arrive and they tell you that in 9 weeks you will be a developer. At that moment I feel that this is impossible... Read More and you really doubt if it is true, you walk through the facilities and you realize that it is not a traditional school, strangely people are happy here and you have no idea why.I encourage you to do the bootcam, they tell you that it is heavy that you can that it is a challenge that changes your life, and still I still disbelieve.Classes pass and it is indeed very rude. sometimes you can't sleep, you feel like crying and there is always someone encouraging you who tells you that you can, the weeks go by and you take a hard work rhythm, you still don't sleep but nevertheless there is always someone behind you saying you can.Reaching the end is difficult but I can tell you that here you make a family. You go out having nightmares with the code but with everything necessary to face the world outsideRead Less",ironhack
In Ironhack's intense bootcamps you will learn: Top of the line technologies. The best practices for your industry.  How to overcome adversity.  How to make friends in a rocking ship.  The best way to sleep 20 min in a couch.  How to survive on a convenience... Read More store menu. All while having the time of your life. ✨Read Less,ironhack
"El asistir al Bootcamp de Ironhack, fue mucho mejor de lo que esperaba, gracias esta oportunidad me di cuenta de mis mayores fortalezas y de mis debilidades, esto me llevo por un buen camino para saber afrontar dichas debilidades apoyándome en mis compañeros,... Read More TA y Teachers.Es algo sumamente intensivo, ese tipo de cosas que te ponen a prueba a ti mismo y a los que te rodean, y son esas cosas las que te hacen mejorar, puesto que todo el tiempo el BOOTCAMP te esta retando con los ejercicios, los proyectos, las katas e incluso te reta a ti mismo, a solucionar cosas que creías que jamas lograrías hacer, aprendes de tus errores y lo superas logrando de esta forma hacer que mejores tanto en tus conocimientos como en tus habilidades, virtudes y tu trato con los demás.Es algo que recomiendo de todo corazón:-Yo una persona que no contaba con la economía suficiente para pagarlo y me aventure a pedir una beca la cual me solventara el pago.-Yo que decidí quedarme mas de un día en el campus para lograr resolver mis proyectos, mis trabajos y aprender más y más.Espero en un futuro volver a tomar un bootcamp en IRONHACK , puesto que si la primera vez me reto al punto de lograr lo imposible, la siguiente sera mucho mejor , ya sea en Data o en UX/UI, son ese tipo de cosas que te motivan a ser mejor, a superarte y sobre todo a no conformarte con lo que tienes y siempre buscar ser alguien mejor sin dejar de aprender nunca.Read Less",ironhack
"Every day when I arrived to Ironhack I feel too much emotion, because it was a dream to stay in one of the best bootcamp in the world. Now Ironhack is not longer school for me, it became a part of my life because the ritm of the work, the best teachers... Read More and my new colleagues, helped me build what I am now a WEB DEVELOPER FULL STACK!Read Less",ironhack
"In search of a career change, I found Ironhack (BEST. DECISION. EVER) and I can truly say graduating the 9-week Bootcamp with no prior design experience is one of my greatest accomplishments. Overall, all the staff is amazing. David Fast was an incredible... Read More teacher, he has so much experience in the industry and is so willing to share all his knowledge with us, students. Then there were our TA's, Nicole and Mikel...always willing to help and always there to make you laugh or give a pep talk when you needed it most. I will say, the Bootcamp is not for the weak. It is long hours and a huge learning curve, but honestly so fulfilling and ultimately worth it! I never thought I would come out with the knowledge I currently have. Then, after the Bootcamp comes to an end, its time for the job hunt. As we all know, job hunts aren't fun, but if you have Brito to help along the way, you're golden. Through the process, he was so willing to answer my many questions, and always rooting for me. I am so grateful to have him in my circle. Ironhack will give you all the tools to succeed, I would do it again in a heartbeat.Read Less",ironhack
"Attending Ironhack Web Dev full time course in Lisbon has been a life changing experience. I have not only managed to learn up to dated and in high demand concepts, but also got to meet amazing people and have an overall great experience. I do recommend... Read More joining Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"I was part of the first class of Data Analytics in México. It was an amazing bootcamp, all the contents were up to date and rrally relevant. What I really value about the bootcamp is the experience you get: You meet a lot of people from all professional... Read More areas and that share the same topic such as Data Analytics. Also, all the community and staff of Ironhack really worries about how you feel with your classes and tasks and really help you get the most out of the experience. I really recommend taking this course.Read Less",ironhack
"Like many, I joined Ironhack because I wanted a chance to join the tech industry with zero developing experience, and that's exactly what I did. The tools are all there for you to succeed, if you are willing to work harder than you have ever worked before.... Read More None of the courses offered are for the faint-of-heart but the instructors, TA's and the whole staff works hard every day to make sure each student has the best chance to succeed. The building itself is designed to provide many conveniences so people can focus on their work. Coffee, food, snacks, games, beer and a great terrace with an even better view. Hard work is important but Ironhack definitely knows how to have fun too! There are always events for students and even prospective students to learn, network and have fun. Last but not least, someone needs to connect all these hard working students with employers and Ironhack has a powerhouse named Brito who's only goal is to make sure we all get hired. The network itself is extremely valuable and is the reason I'm happily working where I am today!Read Less",ironhack
"Overall bootcamp is pretty intense. But Ironhack provides great learning platform and strong sense of community, so you know that you can always ask for help. Might be difficult to have full time job and do bootcamp at times. Very interesting experience... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"I always believe that when you work together with people you will learn more. Having that in my mind, I applied for Full Stack Development course in Ironhack. The quality of the lessons, lab works were so good. Most importantly they have wonderful teachers... Read More and TAs who teaches concepts clearly from the basics. One of my favorite teachers is Niko. I used to ask him for suggestions and doubts all the time and he used to explain them patiently and his coding sessions are one of the best. I learnt not only the new technology, also I developed presentation skills and the confidence to present in front of the crowd. I need to mention Brito here because he used to guide us right from building our profile to maintaining our profile even after we get placed in a job. An awesome person. Sometimes I used to talk to him just to gain more confidence. Everyone in Ironhack are friendly. Jess used to get feedbacks from us by arranging one on one's now and then which makes us feel comfortable and used to give us a feeling that they are taking a good care of us. Overall Ironhack experience is a must try if you are looking to join a bootcamp. More over I gained a big network where I can reach out for help if I got stuck anywhere in the coding. Thanks Ariel(Ironhack's Co-Founder) and team to provide such a good experience.Read Less",ironhack
"Because that's what you'll get!I completed Ironhacks UX/UI Design course in late 2018 and left equipped with the skills needed to win in today's competitive job market. *Enroll in this course if you want a competitive edge over your competition*The teachers... Read More and Ironhack team we're all great and they all have a genuine interest in your success... it's hard to translate this into words but the vibe was just right... feel me.I also recommend Ironhack since it's a live environment where you meet people in person and add to your professional network... and your network is the one thing that has the most leverage in landing YOUR dream job ;) ... you won't receive the same experience through an online boot camp if you're considering one.I can happily say that I landed my first role as a UI designer 3 months after completing the Ironhack bootcamp and I couldn't be happier with my career and I'm confident that you'll feel the same.The time to enroll is now!If you're still on the fence - ask yourself, how would your life look like in 6 months from now if you don't take action and ownership over your career today?-LazRead Less",ironhack
"Before I enrolled at Ironhack, I read reviews by people saying it changed their lives and was the best decision they ever made. I thought they were exaggerating but after finishing my Boot Camp I’m happy to tell you that WOW I feel exactly the same way.... Read More I did the full-time UX course. It was hard work but I learned so much in 9 weeks despite having no background in design. We got in-person lectures as well as corresponding digital lecture slides and bonus material that’s ours to keep. Another aspect I loved was getting to do a hackathon with students from the other cohorts (web development and data). It was fun and collaborative and taught us a lot about the disciplines we’ll probably be working with in the future. Not only did Ironhack set me up for success (I’m now officially a UX/UI designer), but I met some of the most amazing people ever. For this and many other reasons, I’m happy I chose Ironhack over an online bootcamp. If you want more info about Ironhack, call them up or reach out to an alumni (everyone is really helpful).Read Less",ironhack
"During my time at Ironhack's Miami UX/UI bootcamp I learned all the valuable skills necessary to quickly change my career and ultimately my life. It was an amazing experience with incredible instructors who helped me every step of the way. Although it... Read More was exceptionally challenging, I looked forward to going to class everyday and felt sad the program was coming to an end for me during my 9th and final week. Im proud to say that, because of Ironhack, I now work with Carnival Cruise Line as a UX/UI designer. I was able to get a job incredibly quick thanks to Ironhack. I also work part time for a company out of Berlin from home at my own pace which I was able to get by presenting past projects that I did at Ironhack. P.S. before Ironhack I was a bartender for 7 years and was not tech savvy. As long as you put in the work, the hard work, Ironhack will provide everything you need to be successful in changing your career.Read Less",ironhack
Ironhack taught me how to learn. It gave me the necessary skills to be prepared to enter the workforce. I still have a lot to learn but now I know how to do it on my own. In Computer Science that is the best skill you can have “being able to learn independently”.... Read MoreRead Less,ironhack
"Ironhack really delivered on all the promises and more. The courses were up to date, the location was fantastic and the community was warm and welcoming. Such a diverse group and really amazing teachers/staff made this the best it could be. Throughout... Read More my course Niko and Nick really blew my mind in terms of what was possible to teach in such a short amount of time, but also made sure to encourage and guide me along the way. Other than the course itself, if it's not the amazing guest speakers, the fantastic companies that hire graduates right from within the same building, the fantastic cleaning staff (Te amo Maria!) and such an incredible support network you won't find a single thing left out. It's a really compelling place to have studied and such a revolving door of talented students that are constantly making that place better and brighter. Thank you to everyone there and thank you Daniel Brito in career services for making my change of career as simple and easy as it could be. He truly knows every employer personally and everywhere you might apply there's almost sure to be an Ironhack grad working there already!Read Less",ironhack
"As a graphic designer, I joined Ironhack’s UX/UI full time cohort in hopes of expanding my design career. The 9 weeks were very intense both in and out of the classroom, It’s a bootcamp after all. The curriculum is substantial and it’s virtually impossible... Read More to go over every topic at any given week, which was frustrating to me as I wanted to have lectures and learn about everything! I put in a good 12-hour day studying schedule and that included weekends working on my case studies, doing research and catching up on the design challenges and lectures not talked about in the classroom. I quickly realized that at the end of the day you get what you put in. If you don’t take it seriously and are diligent about completing all your assignments, research, case studies, presentations and blog posts on-time you will be wasting your time, money and resources. The staff is nice and courteous, my instructor David was very knowledgeable with tons of experience as a seasoned designer who worked hard to get us a well-known company to work with us for our final project. My TAs Nicole and Maikel were one of the best I’ve ever had, equally resourceful, friendly and amazing professionals. The facilities are pretty good, located in a co-working space building where a few tech companies operate, which is cool. There are daily treats offered by the building, a vending and a coffee machine, and a nice kitchen where you can have your meals plus plenty of restaurants close by. Also, several rooms and areas are available within the building to work on your assignments outside the classroom which was very helpful since I often stayed late working on my projects.Career services is one of the best things Ironhack has to offer. Daniel Brito, the outcomes manager is constantly teaching workshops and having one-on-ones with you to make sure you are following his directions and preparing for your new career. Once you’re done with the cohort, there’s a career week where you sit through lectures and dedicate time to work on your LinkedIn profile, portfolio website and interview techniques among other things. The last week of the cohort is dedicated to a hiring fair where local companies come to an event organized by Daniel to interview students for work opportunities. I’m happy my hard work paid off as I was hired shortly after by one of the companies I interviewed with.In conclusion, Ironhack will teach you a comprehensive curriculum, give you valuable tools in a nice environment, help you find a job to launch your UX/UI career and offer you a lifelong platform to always be current and part of the tech industry but you need to be dedicated, driven, resourceful and diligent about it.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was truly transformative. I graduated from the UX/UI Design program in Miami. A month later, I’m looking forward to starting a new position as a UX Designer at a software company.I enjoyed being a part of the supportive Ironhack... Read More family, including knowledgeable and caring instructors, TAs, and staff. Also, I had the opportunity to make new friends and meet many wonderful people in the industry.What sets Ironhack apart is their dedication to student success. They continuously improve their curriculum and provide excellent career services. Daniel Brito is brilliant! He prepared us for success throughout the program. His workshops, lectures, and the career fair were incredibly helpful and valuable.It makes me very happy to look back and realize I made the right choice 100%!Read Less",ironhack
"My experience with the Ironhack Bootcamp was incredible! I went back and forth before finally deciding to choose a full-time Bootcamp. Those 9 weeks were some of the most challenging and exciting of my entire educational life. Outside of the class hours,... Read More my classmates and I would spend a minimum of 20 hours a week working on the challenges. The friendships &amp; connections I made in this Bootcamp are invaluable and made the entire experience so enjoyable!The course itself focused on hands-on learning that blended theory &amp; practice together to create a deeper learning experience. At the end of the course, I had a solid UX/UI foundation along with the help and guidance to apply it. Our Outcomes Manager is attentive and committed to working with each student to ensure that we are successful. I highly recommend this course! I should mention that the course cost listed on this site isn't accurate The cost of a fulltime cohort is $11,500. Ironhack has done a great job partnering with different sponsors for scholarships. If you are thinking about the course, I would keep an eye on their social media for the next scholarship run and jump on it!!Read Less",ironhack
"Going to Ironhack made a big change in my life, not only learned the MERN Stack, but how to work in a team, collaborate and solve problems with different ways, also made big connections with my classmates and the Ironhack Staff, they really take care... Read More about you, but you have to put effort to get the real value which are becoming a web developer and a big network. I truly recommend Ironhack if you don't know how to code and want to jump to the tech world, it can be ""expensive"" but it's worth every dollar. Teachers are really helpful and they know how to teach and solve any problem you might have, Sandra and Nick were my teachers and I can say I was very lucky learning a lot from them, they really motivated me to learn more and go further any challenge. Daniel Brito who is in charge of career services, does an excellent job helping students providing essential information and tips to land jobs. When I came to this country without any degree (only my HS diploma) I thought I would not find a real good job, but after Ironhack that changed.Read Less",ironhack
"I ended up choosing Data Analytics because I wanted to supplement my work experience and have something that would help me standout to recruiters. Its been 4 months since my cohort graduated and I have since found a job. Besides helping me achieve my... Read More professional goals and adding new skills to my toolkit, the experience was also fun and i'll definitely look back fondly to the long hours spent with my cohort. The full time programs are all very demanding of your time and energy. If you're a complete newcomer to coding, I suggest dedicating as much time as possible to the pre-work. Also, brushing up on statistics is a good idea for data analytics. The only caveat I have about the full time program is that it passes very quickly. Before you know it you will be working on your final project. I remember thinking an extra few weeks would have been nice, I think a sweet spot would be 12 weeks. If I could, i'd do it all over again.Read Less",ironhack
"Last year, around this time I felt like I was stuck in a dead-end career in the Social Work field and felt that my future career-wise was bleak. I applied to FIU to start their MBA program last January to give myself more options, and in the process of... Read More looking for immediate ways to change my career, I found their Bootcamp through FIU's alumni website. Getting admitted into IronHack for me was a Godsend. It's easily one of the best decisions, I've made in life. Their full-time Data Analytics course taught me so much, from learning general End-to-End Analysis to getting a grip on an amazing language such as Python. My career possibilities changed tremendously. Our instructor Himanshu was absolutely amazing, patient in the lessons and always made time to give us individual attention to keep up. Our TA Tom was always happy to help when we'd hit those frustrating walls. Outside of our class, the IronHack staff, in general, was amazing, from Jessica to Nicole, and even the teachers from the other cohorts, making sure we were comfortable in our learning environment. The best part of it all was the relationship I developed with Brito, our Talent Manager. God is working through this man to completely change lives. He is as we say the G.O.A.T. He's helped countless students including through our Hiring process, and keeping his counsel got me to where I'm at today. Now starting my new career, I am eternally grateful to this program, Himanshu and Brito for changing my life.Read Less",ironhack
"I applied to the Miami UX/UI Bootcamp because I wanted a career as a ux/ui designer. I had a degree in Psychology and several years of design experience. I wanted a career that merged both and discovered ux. A masters was too expensive in both time and... Read More money, and to get a ux job with no portfolio or direct experience seemed daunting.The most beneficial part of Ironhack in my mind was the career services portion. Daniel Brito and career week prepared me in terms of portfolio, linked in, resume, and interview skills. Without his help I would not have the job that I do.I found all the staff to be encouraging and helpful. I learned a lot about ux process and methodology but most importantly classes gave me a structure with which I was able to make my portfolio shine. I think that if I did not have previous experience with some of the design tools, Ironhack would have been significantly more difficult.This is not something to do unless you are motivated to work hard and to get a job out of this. I’m so thankful for everyone at Ironhack and for the job that I have because of them. I love user experience and I could not imagine doing anything else with my life.Read Less",ironhack
"Going to Ironhack was an extremely positive experience in my life. It helped me turn the page and enter the next chapter of my life successfully. The Full Stack Web Developer course helped me develop confidence in my ability as a developer. I spent time... Read More prior to this experience self-learning but found myself trapped in tutorial hell. By going to Ironhack, I was wrapped up in an environment that promoted more of a Nike philosophy to programming while lifting us up when imposter syndrome came knocking. Niko, one of the teachers, did a phenomenal job supporting me throughout times where my loft ideas seemed unattainable and helped guide me in making them possible.The team at Ironhack are all extremely approachable and effortlessly make you feel like family. I could not be more pleased with the time that I have spent and will spend with them going forward. Without this experience, I don’t think that I would have the courage to call myself a developer. Thanks to all of the preparation, tough but fair feedback, and insights into what really matters, Brito cleared a path forward for us to make success possible. Ultimately, if I did not make the leap of faith and take the full-time Full Stack Web Developer program at Ironhack, I would not be able to call myself a professional Frontend Developer today.Read Less",ironhack
I attended Ironhacks web dev bootcamp in hopes of getting away from my dead end job. Taking the step towards this by starting the 9 week bootcamp was extremely intimidating at first; feeling like I couldn't do something like this. With the help and guidance... Read More from the instructors and my classmates I grew in confidence day after day. Today I've successfully found a full time position with a software company putting my skills I learned from the bootcamp to work. When I think of myself and what I was doing a year prior it's hard to believe I've come this far. Much of it wouldn't have been possible I feel without the amazing and supportive staff at IronHack. This has been one of the biggest impacts in my life; thank you for everything!Read Less,ironhack
"Currently, I work as a QA Engineer, and working so close with the developers inspired and motivated me to pick up the necessary skills and foundations to break into the web development field. So, I joined Ironhack’s part-time web development course to... Read More develop the necessary skills, which is the best decision I could have ever made. This course was a great opportunity to collaborate with people with an interest in technology, which allowed us to grow together and learn from each other. Additionally, all of the teachers and TAs are very responsive and receptive to questions. The project based curriculum allows you to learn for the sake of learning.Read Less",ironhack
I was tired of my retail job and wanted to be software development. Ironhack's program wasn't easy but it gave me the necessary tools to make a career change. I would recommend this to anyone looking to make a career change into the world of software... Read More development.Read Less,ironhack
"I am a Civil Engineer working in construcción in Florida for the last 15 years. I was looking for a change of career and a friend of mine sent me a link to the Ironhack bootcamp in Miami, and I registered. It was a great experience, the onboarding process... Read More is really friendly, the teachers are knowledgeable and very friendly, factoring in also teacher assistants that are equally savy, and content is structured to get you job hunting ready. Although Ironhack staff is very willing to help you get a Job through the Job Fair they organize for every cohort, I decided to give freelancing a shot, and after I got graduated on November I started to look for projects. One month later, in late December, I got my first client and now in January am getting the second one. Working by myself has been my goal and Ironhack prepared me for both routes: employement and freelancing. Totally recommend to anybody who wants to learn code and get ready in relatively short time for the work environment.Read Less",ironhack
"I joined Ironhack as a Computer Science student at the University of Miami, intending to expand my knowledge in developing web apps but left with much more. The teachers and TAs truly made an effort every day for each and every one of us to succeed. Through... Read More paired programming and other projects, I was able to grow teamwork skills that are necessary in today's workplace. Every member of the Ironhack team made me feel at home for those three months and I tell all my friends that are looking for new opportunities to consider joining Ironhack. It was a life-changing experience!Read Less",ironhack
"If you are looking to challenge yourself while still having a tremendous amount of fun, then Ironhack is for you! The people you meet are from all ages, backgrounds and experiences. Not only do you learn a lot but it also opens so many doors for your... Read More career. Most incredible 9 weeks I´ve had!!!Read Less",ironhack
"I decided to do the Ironhack full time UX/UI course soon after leaving my marketing job. I wanted to switch careers the fast way, and was willing to go all in for 3 months. Midway, I started second guessing my decision to go to college... because I felt... Read More that I was absorbing information much better than I ever had in school. I fully recommend the course to go-getters that are ready to make a career change and have a good eye for design or an affinity for research. The network you create in this course (by going to school and making friends AND getting involved in the local community) is amazing. Loved the course, the staff, and the friends I got out of it!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack's Web Development bootcamp was the best learning experience I've ever had. The bootcamp is intensive, very fast paced, but the curriculum is really good and everything is well structured. You learn the theory and then immediately get to put it... Read More in practice with several exercises, and if you struggle you can always ask the teacher assistants, who are always there to help. You can also ask your classmates, because another thing that makes this bootcamp so good is the sense of camaraderie that comes from sharing such an intense experience with other people.Be ready to work HARD and prepare yourself the best you can before starting - the pre-work is super important, take your time with it! While it is aimed at beginners, the curriculum is vast and tough, so the more familiar you are with the subjects, the better you'll do.At the end of the bootcamp there's a very helpful Career Week, where you get a lot of tips on how to prepare for personal and technical interviews, how to make a good CV, a good cover letter, etc. You then get to meet some companies at the Hiring Fair, which not only makes for great practice but can also lead to real opportunities.All in all I learned a lot (really, a LOT), made great friends, and would repeat the experience in a heartbeat!Read Less",ironhack
"Je suis ravie d'avoir décidé de changer de carrière et de le faire avec Ironhack ! Super profs, super ambiance, super campus, super accompagnement post-bootcamp !Le contenu du bootcamp est top et allie parfaitement pratique et théorie. On apprend énormément... Read More en très peu de temps.J'ai trouvé un super job après 1 semaine et demie de recherches !N'hésitez pas !Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack is easily one of the top best decisions I've ever made in my life.Before Ironhack, I was a Chemical Engineer in Texas. My schedule consisted of leaving my family behind for several weeks at a time while offshore with an 80% chance... Read More of mortality. I decided to take a HUGE leap of faith after a year of failed attempts at teaching myself how to code and joined Ironhack's full-time web development program. Ironhack provided me real-world in-demand skills necessary to reach my goal of becoming a Software Engineer. ""Thanks, Brito and Alia!!"".The most important skills gained at Ironhack, in my opinion, which has complimented me well in my personal and professional life is Agile Development (Stand-ups, grooming, Demo, planning), TDD (Test-Driven Development), and Interdependence (Group projects, hackathons, Meetups). Like most things, you will get out of it what you put into it.Ironhack allowed me to switch careers, which is unheard of if you have a family established or done with college. I was able to land a great job as a Software Engineer at one of the top E-commerce companies in the US.If you like programming already or have been diving headfirst into all of the online material, then Ironhack is going to provide an environment and support network that will help you to thrive and reach your goals.Trust the process, and you are more than welcome to reach out for any questions or support.https://www.linkedin.com/in/vargasrubenBest,Ruben VargasRead Less",ironhack
"I had a great experience at Ironhack Lisbon. From the beginning, I felt a real sense of community and the teacher and teaching assistant's were always there to answer questions if i needed some help. We produced three projects during the 9 weeks, and... Read More learning React was a huge positive because I can see how wanted it is in the job market currently. Ironhack has a real 'family' feel to it. All the staff are there to help you and one of the most impressive things I think was the hiring fair. This is something no other bootcamp does (i believe!). We were introduced to many partners and there was a whole week dedicated to interview prep including technical interview help, which will be so helpful for the future. I learned so much in the space of such a short amount of time. Sometimes, the challenge of the course was overwhelming because it was 9 weeks of intense learning. There were aspects which I found harder, but this is normal and the project weeks really helped to consolidate all the knowledge.I think if you're prepared to put in the time and effort, you will learn more in this bootcamp than you will with any other resource. It was a great opportunity and I strongly believe that if you are to go to any bootcamp, you should choose Ironhack Lisbon!Read Less",ironhack
"I was completely stuck with a career I didn't like and I was looking not only for a new job but for a new life.Ironhack was one of the best experience in my life and not only gave me all the tools an amazing UX/UI designer should have, but also ensured... Read More me with a community of talented people that will be with me forever: your experience with them doesn't finish after the 9 intensive weeks indeed.The Ironhack community will always be with you and trust me it's amazing feeling supported, especially when you are doing a huge career change as I have done.At the end of the course you are a UX/UI Designer and I was able to start a new career straight away.Right now I am writing this review from my laptop and I have a call with my client in 30 mins to discuss the latest amendments on the app I am designing for them (I have decided to freelance and work remotely as much as I can).Ironhack was the best decision I ever made and I hugely recommend this experience to whoever wants to boost or change his career.(Also big thank you to the amazing Ironhack team Lisbon who is the best I could have asked for :)Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I was working at a job where I wasn't happy, and I felt like there was no where else for me to go. I felt trapped because of my lack of formal education. Ironhack completely changed my life. The skills I learned while at the bootcamp increased... Read More my value as an employee, and gave me the jumpstart I needed to break into the software development field. I had been doing some learning at home before Ironhack, but having someone to teach me and answer my questions made a huge difference. It was also helpful to have the opportunity to work with other students. It showed me how to collaborate on projects, which was a very valuable skill I was not learning at home. After the bootcamp there was a Career Services week which involved interview prep by the career coach at Ironhack as well as a Senior Software Engineer that he brought in. It all ended with a career fair where was able to meet with representatives from 7 different companies who were looking to hire junior developers. It was there that I had the opportunity to speak with a developer and HR manager from a great company that eventually ended up giving me a job offer. Ironhack was everything I expected it to be based off of the research I had done, and I am happy I made the decision to take a chance and leave it all behind in pursuit of a career that would make me happy. I recommend it to anyone who is passionate about technology and wants to make a career change.Read Less",ironhack
"This review comes 5 months after I graduated because I really wanted to let time soak up my emotions and give an authentic review rather than one based off the highs of graduating. So with that being said joining Ironhack for their Full Stack Web Development... Read More course has been the best educational investment of my life! Ironhack is education done right. What impressed me the most was the culture and all the positive energy that I got to experience. The staff was friendly and always there to help if I had a question. I loved that my cohort had a sense of commitment. It was competitive but we rooted for each other’s success. I really enjoyed the curriculum and learned a lot through the guided lessons. My instructor and TA’s were all extremely knowledgeable and patient. Although I was not looking for employment, one of my highlights was sitting in on Brito’s meetings. I learned a lot of technical skills through the web dev course but what I am most proud of is learning to work collaboratively with the UX/UI and Data analyst team. This was truly an amazing experience. Thank you Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack has been the best educational experience I'd ever had.Pros: - Superhard- Indepth but not too much for the students- Fantastic teachers and TA's- State-of-the-art technologies- Career guidanceCons: - Really, superhard",ironhack
"Hice el Bootcamp de full-time de Web y la experiencia fue genial!Son 9 semanas a tope pero merece la pena muchísimo, super recomendable.En Ironhack se preocupan tanto a nivel de educación como a nivel personal y siempre miran por el beneficio del alumno.... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"The experience that I have lived during the bootcamp at Ironhack has been one of the most rewarding of my life. It's amazing everything you can learn in just 9 weeks if you take full advantage. Having done the UX / UI design bootcamp is when I really... Read More realize everything the current education system has to change. I have met wonderful people from whom I have learned a lot, both personally and professionally.Read Less",ironhack
"I had a bachelor's degree in psychology and was a psychosocial rehabilitation counselor for 3 years before deciding to pursue a career change. I had extremely limited knowledge of coding and felt like Ironhack was going to be a huge risk if it didn't... Read More pay off. What I learned after only a few days into the cohort was: 1. most of my peers in my cohort were on the same boat and felt the same way and 2. there are an abundance of extremely enthusiastic and helpful individuals ready to guide you along the way. Although there were times that imposter syndrome was rampant for me (okay maybe a lot of the time, personally), times that I was overwhelmed and hitting a wall, times I felt that I made a huge mistake, I always felt I had the support I needed to break through those walls eventually. Make no mistake, this bootcamp is not easy (coming from a person with little previous coding experience). Ironhack will not guarantee you a job. But what I can personally guarantee you is that you will reap what you sow. Be ready to humble yourself, bust your ass, be willing to ask for help when you're stuck, come in early, stay late, get some extra learning done on the weekends, yada yada yada. If you can honestly tell yourself you're doing everything you can to learn as much as you can, you are going to succeed. It's important to know this bootcamp is just the beginning of a lifelong journey of learning, do NOT expect to leave her knowing everything you will need to be a master developer. IF YOU PUT IN THE WORK, it WILL give you a great base to build from, a portfolio to show off to potential employers, a fantastic team of people who will be in your corner to help you succeed, and a group of friends that become almost like family.Read Less",ironhack
"I was like many other people, skeptical about Ironhack and even coding bootcamps in general, but I did my research months before I joined. My experience has been that before, throughout, and after joining Ironhack, Ironhack is definitely the best coding... Read More bootcamp in Miami, FL (comparing it to Wyncode and UM). Not only is the building and location great, but the staff and fellow classmates make it every bit worth the while... plus career services provided by (the very best) Brito!The material taught for Full-Stack Web Development is very relevant to the Miami tech community and for many locations nationally. I’m not going to say that I enjoyed every single thing that was taught because some of it (small portion) turned out to be irrelevant, but what’s great is that they take your feedback into consideration and can update the curriculum. I know the curriculum was updated to remove the irrelevant material and was replaced with better material for the cohort that followed mine.During, and after you graduate, you'll have extensive job assistance opportunities like (Linkedin and resume help and a career fair), you just have to make sure you’re putting in the effort. No one is guaranteed a job, nowhere are you really it’s all about your efforts in the job hunt, but you are guaranteed the skills and tools that will be relevant in the workforce for a Full-Stack Development job. I know the price is a factor for a lot of people, but you’ll find that it’s much cheaper than studying at a college/university and you’re done a lot sooner with a large skillset under your belt.I hope this helps remove any doubts you might have about joining Ironhack! :)- Ironhack Alumn that's now a Front-End Web DeveloperRead Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is truly a one-of-a-kind learning experience. I have taken multiple online courses, and currently study Information Technology at university, but have learned more in their 9-week Data Analytics bootcamp than anywhere else. The course material... Read More is challenging, but the teaching and management staff are always ready to help you get through it. The career services are also top notch, which comprise of multiple workshops such as linkedin prep, personalized resume feedback, mock interviews, and even a hiring fair for all graduates. 10/10 experience.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is the best experience i have ever done. Taking the full-time data analytics course was an amazing experience and helped me achieve my career ambitions after graduating. The culture and environment @ Ironhack is great as they promote innovation,... Read More participation and confidence in our skills. Along that, the team is amazing and are willing to help on and off campus --&gt; Truly a family! Also, Shoutout to Brito for helping me get recognized in the market through his tips and feedback!Read Less",ironhack
"I moved to Miami knowing that I needed to reinvent myself somehow. I learned about Ironhack online and gave it a chance. Best decision I ever made! The community of people that I met is the cream of the crop. Everyone is awesome and insightful. The courses... Read More Ironhack offers are engaging and thought-provoking. There was never a dull moment in the entire Bootcamp and It prepared me very well to acquire a job in UX/UI. You learn a lot in a short period of time and once it's over, the career couch (Brito) helps you even further! He makes sure you are a success story. Ironhack is how education should be. They teach you the craft, the theory and how to succeed in the job market. What else can you ask for?Read Less",ironhack
"When it came to job placement there is barely any. Be prepared to be on your own and in a see of competing designers. The job fair was a farce 4 companies with maybe 3 or 4 positions for a class of over 15 students. Tried to get help from them afterwards... Read More and was pretty much ignored or answered 2 weeks late by Milica.The curriculum seemed a bit outdated they changed it after i graduate so didn't have a chance to benefit from the changes. It was fun like a frat house lots of free beer, if that's what you're looking for. Sadly I wish the teachers and program manager would have taken their jobs more seriously.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack August 2019 and graduated in October 2019. The 9 week course is intense. If you commit those 9 weeks to the process you will get the returns you want. After you have the pleasure of working along side Brito. He will break down doors... Read More to get you in the building. Overall the process is difficult and sometimes you can't see the light at the end of the tunnel but you have to keep going. Once the offer letters from companies start coming in, you realize the process works.Read Less",ironhack
"I had began learning web development on my own before joining Ironhack. However, it was easy to get off sidetracked when you're learning by yourself, and that was why I considered attending Ironhack. However, even though I began the course with a skeptical... Read More mindset, attending Ironhack was one of the best decision I have made. Ironhack has a great curriculum designed to make sure that you stay on track and expose you to all topics essential to Full Stack Web Development.In addition to the great structure provided by the curriculum, the welcoming community and awesome learning environment I found at Ironhack really helped me preserve through the initial hurdle I experienced when learning the content. This was made possible by a classroom full of wonderful classmates who were equally driven to find success and the staffs who worked feverishly behind the scences so that we can focus on our studies in the best possible environment.Most importantly, one of the best part of the bootcamp is the career services. Brito, the Outcomes Manager at Ironhack, is a wonderful resource for finding your first tech job in SoFL. He works hand-in-hand with the curriculum so that you can have a presentable portfolio and resume when you're ready to apply for your first job and he is also dedicated to help you find the right opprotunities when the career fair rolls around right after graduation. I know from personal experience that the career fair is a great place to find job placement and would highly recommend everyone to participate.Read Less",ironhack
"I had an amazing experience, learned several methodologies. Before I study through online courses, never through direct contact with methods learned at Ironhack that learn how to understand the user. Today I work in the field thanks to Ironhack, the world's... Read More best Ux bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"I had an amazing experience, learned several methodologies. I used to study through online courses, but it was through direct contact with the methodologies I learned at Ironhack that I learned how to understand the user. Today I work in the field thanks... Read More to Ironhack, the best Ux bootcamp in the worldRead Less",ironhack
"For the ones that is looking to make a change in your career, I think this UX/UI bootcamp is the best option. It's only 8 weeks and the knowledge gained in this course is really impressive. Even if you don't have any experience in this field, with the... Read More course I believe that you will be capable to get in the market right after your graduation. They have amazing teachers and teacher assistants to help you through the projects, and also a awesome job support that helps you learn how to behave and get confidence in yourself to get in the best companies.Read Less",ironhack
"The bootcamp in Ironhack is an awesome experience. Everyone that want to learn how to code and make web applications, should attend this course. You will learn a lot of tools that will help you to reach the market. You will have to focus 100% on the course,... Read More but the result will come fast.Read Less",ironhack
"When I started the Bootcamp I knew almost nothing about development. I can't recommend better this experience.My time at Ironhack has been very fruitful, it has been a great time for learning, personal and professional growth.The course turned me into... Read More a confident Developer, with strong technical skills.Read Less",ironhack
"It was a unique experience! I loved my moments there, don't know how to describe it, but, recommend for your that is reading this, maybe the price scary, but, if think about you'll see that is good investment, you'll learn a lot of things, and in little... Read More time you'll recover your money. Pros: -&gt; improve your soft skill -&gt; learn to learn -&gt; learn many theme in a little period Cons: -&gt; priceRead Less",ironhack
"Although I come from a technology background and believed that I would not learn that many new things, it surprised me with how the knowledge I already had was aimed by the school towards the market and the new content, very easily adopted, all due to... Read More how the curriculum, staff, and space is organized.Not only that, you have great extras that develop your soft-skills alongside the main curriculum that is focused on hard-skills. One of these extras that is worth mentioning is the career services, that not only help guide you towards an easier hiring week but also towards any other professional encounter you have, be it now or in the future.Life-changing experience, recommend it for anyone interested.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack's UX UI bootcamp was the most intense course I've ever taken in my life, and the one with the best results. Besides giving me all the basis to start the ux life, it changed my way of thinking and opened my mind to many subjects. I learned a lot,... Read More and recommend the course to anyone who thinks about changing areas and need a stimulus, encouragement and understanding that it is possible to do this.Read Less",ironhack
"I have had the opportunity to attend several computer courses, as I have been in the business for over 15 years and can assure you that Ironhack's Web Development course is the best by far. The reason? 100% practical classes, where we are forced to overcome... Read More the limit of comfortable using logic and creativity, with well-defined deadlines and always simulating the environment closest to the professional. There are no monotonous classes where the teacher speaks and we are required to either copy without paying attention or paying attention and not putting into practice. Here the classes are dynamic, there is pair programming with random choice of doubles, and at the end of each module the projects push the boundary even further, where we are challenged to create complete solutions. Anyway, if you are looking for a school where you really learn to program, Ironhack is your choice.Read Less",ironhack
Was a marvelous experience to be able to access this kind of knowlodge thanks to the way Ironhack teach it's students. The content and the teachers are made for those who love to learn and are willing to begin the journey in this crazy Tech world. I never... Read More coded before the bootcamp and me and my friends were all really impressed with our development during those weeks. I'd recommend Ironhack any day and anytime.Read Less,ironhack
"Ironhack UX UI Designer bootcamp in Berlin offers a cutting edge training program for wanna be tech people. The structure and the content of the program is highly professional, unique, meets all standards of contemporary tech education and has an eye... Read More also on the after life, meaning it has a strong accent on career development and placement support.The bootcamp is tough but doable and truly one of a kind experience with huge influence on students life and career chances. However, lacking any kind of graphic program skills or editorial background in advance makes the story extreme stressful. Still, joining Ironhack was one of the best choices I ever made.Read Less",ironhack
"At first, I was a bit insecure about the fast learning skills needed for the bootcamp, but it is possible and the team gave me all the support I needed.The course's content is great, very consistent with the job market and they give you the space to dive... Read More into the subjects you are most interested in and find which area you want to pursue. The projects are great to test our learning and put into practice the theory explained on the classes, and can be used on a portfolio after.Read Less",ironhack
"I've meet Ironhack São Paulo in an open event about UX and since then I knew I would be back as a student. The whole experience — since pre-work until the final project and carreer services — were totally imersive and hands-on! If you're interested in... Read More enrolling a technology program, don't think twice... This bootcamp will change your life.Read Less",ironhack
"The bootcamp is a good experience and great opportunity to meet new interesting people. It's a good way to focus and work on the portfolio. However, if you are motivated and have time, you can do it at home with all available online materials. But of... Read More course it's cooler (but also A BIT more expensive) to do it in the group. Most depends on you, your motivation and, very important, your preparation. Of course background (ot talent) in visual design helps a lot especially for UI). The lead teacher is experienced and helpful. Teacher's assistants are mostly freshly graduated Ironhackers.Read Less",ironhack
"I did the ‎Data Analytics bootcamp in Brazil and highly recommend it. During the course we see a little of everything. It's a lot of work, but it's worth it. I've never learned so much in such a short time! If you want to switch your career and learn... Read More how to code, this course is for you.Read Less",ironhack
"I joined Ironhack UX/UI full-time design bootcamp after recommendation and many positive reviews I read on the Internet. It is important to notice here than Ironhack has many locations and for sure there is a lot of differences between them - actually... Read More it's hard to find them about this specific course in Berlin, so this is why I decided to write my opinion here.Maybe I will start from positive part here. The working environment it's really amazing, mostly due to the people who participate in the course. It's really great to work with people with different skills and with various background - everyone was very supportive, kind and helpful. When you are stuck with anything, you can always count on your classmates. Also, I think the curriculum is well constructed and contains the most important information - of course, it's super intense and it's not possible to remember everything from the lectures but you will get a forever access to the learning platform - pretty helpful. The cool building, comfortable chairs and the free barista were also big advantages :)Before joining the course, I studied carefully the info and details on their websites. For sure, Ironhack promises a lot and it's not suprising, beacuse the bootcamps are very expensive (and getting even more). I would like to refer here to some of their promises.First of all the, the group was bigger than they promised, and way bigger than in the different locations. I was counting for a small group and pair work experience, instead it was more like back-to-school and 4 people in the group way of working - way too much.First of all, the lead teacher is not a UX/UI designer, but a visual designer, and actually he is not even really interested in the UX part and as he admitted, he has never really worked with it. I expected him to have a broad knowledge about UX, but it was pretty limited to the slides he was presenting. Also, he was very hardly accessible - he was usually leaving early or were always busy with something else. To be honest, he didn't seem really interested in the job.Ironhack presents itself as a team ""tech spec"" - but a lot of times they are just lacking skills. The teacher and TA are definitely not specialist in the softwares that are used during the course - it's very disappointing. During the career week, some invited people to the school seemed pretty random - maybe just to fill our time with something? I'm not sure if inviting a person who is an ex-TA who doesn't have a job yet as an ""interview specialist"" or doing negotiation workshops with a person who has no experience with it is the best idea... I think Ironhack should really take closer look at the people who they are hiring - both the teacher and TAs seem often unmotivated and not really engaged in their work. I understand they are not professional designers but sometimes their advice and knowledge is lower that the participants of the course. And also, complaining about students in the common areas, where everyone can hear it, is VERY unprofessional.Overall, I learned a lot during the course, but it was a lot of my individual work I put in it and also from people I ask for advice from - unfortunately I can't say the staff was really helpful. I think that Ironhack is not a bad school, but for this price, people's expectations were way higher, what almost everyone admitted at the end. At the moment, I'd advice to think twice before joining campus in Berlin and maybe to consider different locations.Read Less",ironhack
The school made a lot of promises bout the course and amazingly delivered all of them. We learned the hands on skills which was valuable to me but can be frustrating for people who want to go deeper in the theory supporting the models. Like all bootcamps... Read More it was emotionally exhaustive but the staff provided us with support. Overall it was a positive experience that opened doors in the job market for me and all my classmates. I definetely recomend it.Read Less,ironhack
"After a few months learning to code with online platforms and youtube videos the bootcamp was a big change of pace, the experience gave me the chance to work in pair programming projects with different people with different backgrounds that deeply helped... Read More me to learn and communicate my ideas, the daily challenges with katas from codewars helped me to improve my logical thinking and the projects created along the course made me see how much can be done in a small amount of time when you put your heart into it. I fall in love with code and in two intense months I changed the path of my professional career.Read Less",ironhack
"I'm one of those that came to Ironhack to change my career. I started this Bootcamp without no prior knowledge in programmig or statistics and now I feel ready to work on the field. The teachers are always available to help us learn and improve. It was,... Read More by far, the best investment I've made in my life.Read Less",ironhack
"Very good and highly recommend (Data Analytics), during the course you realize how much the course content was scaled in a way that shows a little of everything in the data area, but without being superficial. And during the course the team here from... Read More Brazil reviewed the entire content, making it more interesting and applicable to the daily work.I just think that the teacher (not to mention the excellent TAs) could have participated a little more of the classes, because in the first two weeks and in the last two weeks she was absent due to trips and so on.Read Less",ironhack
The bootcamp was a great experience. learned a lot and had a very good teacher with very deap knowledge and experience in web development from front end to back end. I learned a lot from him. I fully recommend Ironhack bootcamps to start or improve your... Read More coding skills.Read Less,ironhack
"Ironhack was a great experience: sharing about UI/UX with classmates and having the Teacher and TAs supporting us. It also feels a very open environment to talk about anything we need. The encouragement of having a community is great because after we... Read More graduated I'm still in contact with the rest of the Ironhackers. It's a lot of work, but it's worth it. The program also helps to understand the german job market, what is expected from you, and how can you insert yourself in it. Carrier Support is very valuable. Staff is always willing to help you to have the best experience. Don't work freelance or part time during the bootcamp, there's no time for that. A lot of reading and teamwork. You learn as much as you want. Teachers are there to guide you, but you are a grown up person that decided to be there. For people who doesn't come with a design background, they need to put extra effort on learning and handling the visual concepts in a short time.Read Less",ironhack
"Very good course with a lot of content for a learning immersion in everything that is programming, it also has a differential of preparation to enter the labor market and support with the professional profile.Highly qualified teachers with very well trained... Read More assistants and with a very well organized administrative logistics to be one of the highly efficient schools.Complete and comfortable infrastructure to offer an excellent study environment.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the 9-week web development program at Ironhack's Miami campus. Two and a half weeks after graduation I accepted my first job offer as a full-time web developer; straight out of the hiring fair organized by the outcomes manager Daniel Brito.... Read More During the 9-week cohort, I felt more than prepared for an entry to mid-level job after receiving so many hours of hands-on training. My instructors Niko Tzikas, and Nick Borbes were both gifted teachers and always available if I ever got stuck, as well as all the amazing TA's. My time at Ironhack was an amazing experience and met great people who will be long-time friends and also my network in my professional career.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was perfect for the moment i was living when i first got here. I was looking forward to change my career completely. The school gave me new perspectives of what i could be and do and amplified my horizon through the events, talks and people that... Read More i met.Now, down to the chase:Positives: the content of the course is very complete (you get to know a little bit of everything), people that work here are awesome and eager to help you to have a great experienceNegatives: disorganized (information, payment, etc), there's a sense of community that happens locally, but i don't sense it is a global community (something that they ""sell"")Read Less",ironhack
"Unsatisfied with my professional area, I decided to migrate to the area of ​​UX UI Design. So I went looking for a school that was well evaluated and matched my goals, so I would feel well prepared to the professional market and be able to extract maximum... Read More knowledge in a short time. At Ironhack I could find everything I was looking for. Learning has given me a wealth of knowledge not only for working life, but for personal as well. In addition to the UX and UI Design tools, we have also learned about Agile methodology and better teamwork techniques. At the end of the bootcamp, there was still uncertainty about getting a job, but it came quickly, within two weeks I had a job offer, which made me even more sure that I had made the right choice by betting at Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"I wanted to switch my career and learn coding and after considering a university degree and some coding bootcamps I talked to Ironhack and was convinced very quickly. I was looking for a learning environment among people as motivated and enthusiastic... Read More about web development as me. Ironhack provided me with such an environment, support from the best teachers and the necessary web development skills.I really enjoyed my time there, especially project weeks when we built professional websites in unbelievable 4 to 9 days. Another reason I joined Ironhack was because they promised me 95% chance of employment within 2-3 months after the graduation. They didn't lie! During their career week I met my current employer and got an offer one week later. Thank you so much Montasar, Min, Svenja, Bruno, Mili, Veronika, Daniel and other team members of Ironhack Berlin!Read Less",ironhack
"The UX/UI bootcamp allowed me to change careers in a crucial moment of my life. Ironhack not only helped me find a work in a field I'm interested in, it also created a great environment to learn, increase trust in ourselves, our work and last but no least... Read More make great friends.Read Less",ironhack
"Joining Ironhack was one of the best decisions I ever made. I met great people, learned extremely valuable skills, and found a community that I will always be a part of.I am very grateful to all Ironhack teachers. They are the best instructors I have.... Read More They not only provide theory and exercises and then leave you in the dark, their method is well structured to really get rid of the pedagogical friction and provide an ideal experience. They have this ability to understand that each of us is a different student and meets the needs of each student.I haven't finished bootcamp yet, but I've started working as a developer and it's been very important for my professional development.Read Less",ironhack
"I am a musician but I always loved technology and wanted to study programming. However, I didn't want to spend four years studying in a university so a bootcamp was a natural choice for me. I chose Ironhack because they have a complete and robust web... Read More development course, preparation for the market, and a hiring fair with lots of good companies. In fact, I was employed by one of the companies that attended the hiring fair only one week after finishing the course. Other than that, the technologies you learn are all current so you learn what is most used in the current market. They have a good infrastructure and the whole Ironhack team is very supportive and attentive to the students' needs.Read Less",ironhack
"Was amazing experience, all the knowledge, and the way the curriculum works. With hard work, in 9 weeks I could change my career, find new job position, and be more valued for market.The support for every thing along the course, and even after is amazing,... Read More i feel like being part of a familyRead Less",ironhack
"It was an amazing experience, the best thing i could've done in my life. I learned a lot in a short period of time, everyone there is awesome. The ironhack Bootcamp helped me change my life and i really recommend this Bootcamp for anyone who wants to... Read More get into web development.Read Less",ironhack
"A escola em si é excelente, tão como sua grade curricular e professores, a começar pela imersão e apresentação do conteúdo de forma didática, com exemplos práticos em todas as aulas, os professores também a todo tempo estão ali para nos ajudar em cada... Read More etapa de nosso progresso individual.Read Less",ironhack
"As a sale Advisor and new mom, I wanted something else in my life. One day, Vinted sent me an email in which it is written ""what do you think about a job in the tech industry?"" And that was the starting point of my new life. During the Bootcamp, it was... Read More so hard to follow. 9 weeks are so intense with a baby at home. But with the help of the teacher, the TAs and all the team of Ironhack Paris I managed to finish the Bootcamp alive. We have learned the tech that companies are actually using and developing. At the hiring fair I have met many companies and that helped me to talk easily about what I have done in 9 weeks. I was approached by many companies they have seen my profile online. 2 weeks after the hiring fair, after having several interviews with many companies (technical, phone, ...) I signed with the company that I wanted at the first time. :D Thanks to Ironhack, I am so Happy to start my new life as a Developer. Thanks to the courses, the help, the support, the tools, the contacts, the help on finding a job, ... I will start a new life 1 Month and a half after graduated.Read Less",ironhack
"I was searching for a data analytics course for some time when I discovered Ironhack in social media. What I can say for the school and the course is that I really think I've made the best choice. Is the curriculum perfect? Probably not yet. But every... Read More week the teacher is bringing extra content to go deeper on things missing. And this is really rich. I found that the teacher and TAs are paying attention to what our group is interested in. I can say that I'm really learning, even the ""math parts"" that I was more afraid because I don't have the background in the area. And the school is a good place to exchange experiences with the students of other courses which makes the experience even better.Read Less",ironhack
"I'll be totally sincere: back in March, when I decided to quit my job and start coding again, the ""bootcamp"" idea seemed to me as ""too much of a promise"". To teach someone how to code from scratch in 9 weeks? ""Impossible! Or it will be extremely superficial.""... Read More - I though. I had a background of a 3-year technical programming course and 12 years of coding logic (and even though I knew the basics of programming).I couldn't be more wrong.The first 3 days I was learning what I already knew (with some new twists that didn't exist when I learned the first time). No surprises and still the same ""this will be superficial"" thought. From day 4 to the end of the course, I've never learned SO MUCH in so little time. And I'm not exaggerating.Ironhack teaches you not just how to do something specific, but how to think about the problems you have and how to solve them (with what you know or how to search for the answer you need).It may seem that 9 weeks are too little for learning how to code. But I prefer to think that It's OVER 500 HOURS of course (240h of pure classes, +/-120h of extra-class content and 180h of your own projects - where you'll really learn everything you saw with 'sweat and blood'). That's way over coding you'll see in a Computer Science's bachelor semester (or even a year).I've been even more surprised to see my colleagues (that had NO programming background) to became capable full stack developers and all of them to be working within 2 months after the end of the course.Ironhack was, easily, the best choice of my life.Read Less",ironhack
"I've never learned so much in such a short time. The Ironhack team and the school material is amazing, they will be your mentors who will guide you and always look for your best!! I believe this course really prepares you for the job market in just 9... Read More weeks. Ironhack has become a family and I'm sure study here was one of the best decisions I made!Read Less",ironhack
"O curso tem uma ótima equipe e todo o suporte para que você aprenda. É necessário muito empenho do aluno para tirar o proveito máximo do curso pois o sistema do curso não é convencional(nota, prova, etc...). Currículo de matérias é bem elaborado mas não... Read More se aprofunda em nenhum tema.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack has been amazing, in recent months I have become someone else, I feel more capable of developing anything and accepting any challenge. The intensity of the course causes me to study more and more and motivates me to be a better... Read More version of myself. The support of the teachers is very important and very helpful, I could not fail to mention the support of colleagues also that in an always harmonious environment help to meet the challenges. The school prepares the student in every way, from technical training to background as a market view, how to present for a job interview, how to get your professional image, how to present projects, how to be a good professional. As I mentioned I feel like a better professional and person after I started studying at IronhackRead Less",ironhack
"I am currently attending a full time Data Analytics Bootcamp at Ironhack São Paulo and the experience has been wonderful. All activities are well thought out, the staff of teachers and assistants is sharp and dedicated. Any issues with didactics or content... Read More were quickly resolved. It has been an intense and rich learning experience and I can strongly observe everyone's progress.Read Less",ironhack
"I have a Chemical Engineering bachelor degree, but ever since I graduated I have been working with technology and learned some about DB, SQL and Python. I wanted to gather further knowledge on these subjects and realised that maybe, working with data... Read More was the thing for me, so I did some research on courses and Ironhack caught my attention.After reading some reviews about the school and the course itself, I decided to give it a try. I admit it's been a challenge to keep up the studies part-time with working an 8-hour shift during the day, but it's been rewarding so far.There are tons of tasks to do, but I think it is the fastest and most effective way to absorb the condensed content of the lectures.In my opinion, the best experience have been getting to know people who already work with data, and learning about real world application of what we are learning. It's also interesting that my classmates have so many different backgrounds, so it's been a great opportunity to make new connections that I wouldn't have made otherwise.Read Less",ironhack
"I really enjoyed the course and all that I learned in such a short time, I believe this course really prepares you for the job market in just 9 weeks.The technical skills of teachers and teacher assistants are great and are always close at hand to assist... Read More and maintain involvement with the learning process throughout the learning process.Read Less",ironhack
"The course has great teachers and teachers assistents that helps you with interesting projects and good lessons, they also help you find a job, by helping you set up your Linkedin account and having great lessons for speech and pitching during the course.... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"You can learn a lot studying in the data analytics Ironhack course. You will learn from the basics(Python, SQL, Github, Pandas) to more advanceds subjects like machine learning, predictive analysis and so on. We had teacher with a lot of experience that... Read More shared her knowledge and cases with us making it easier to comprehend when and how to use what we learned. The teacher assistants would always be there for us, trying their best to explains things we didnt understand and planning complementary classes to help us. Ironhack was a friendly place where there was a lot of diversity in genre and profiles. I can only have good memories from there.Read Less",ironhack
"Coming from a background in electrical engineering, I have always wanted to learn code. Before joining Ironhack, I tried to learn it myself by completing online courses a few times, but each time I didn't have a clear direction of how to put all things... Read More that I've learned together...Ironhack has been by far the most intensive and efficient training I ever followed!It may seem overwhelming at the beginning but trust me they will provide you with the tools for your success! The experiences like pair-programming, helped me to develop my problem-solving and communication skills, and flashcards helped me to grab these key concepts in a short intense period. The most amazing thing that I truly value during my time in Ironhack was meeting so many like-minded people. After 24 weeks of this bootcamp, I can say that I'm able to make a web app by myself and had enough confidence to keep on learning. :)Read Less",ironhack
"I'm doing the Ux Design part-time bootcamp and it is wonderfull. What i like about Ironhack it is that they use a lot of exercises, the course is like a second job for me, so this learn by doing approach make the learning process easier.The teachers and... Read More TAs are excellent, they are always ready to answer our questions and assist us, besides observing how our development is going, and talk to us, if needed, or if we get stuck.The facilities are always improving, and it is cool that they listen to our feedback, the same can be said about the lessons and exercises.The only thing that it is a kind of problem, but I think it is necessary, it is that there is a tight deadline for the exercises deliverables, but it makes sense as in a company most of the time you have to work on a tight shift.Read Less",ironhack
"Olá, me chamo Gabriel e recentemente concluí o curso de UX/UI design Full-Time na Ironhack-SP! Foi uma experiência incrível e muito enriquecedora na minha vida pessoal e profissional. O curso é muito completo e instigante. Aprendemos diariamente com profissionais... Read More altamente capacitados e atenciosos. Colocamos em prática tudo o que aprendemos através de cases desafiadores, que nos ajudam a fixar o conteúdo e melhorar nossa relação em grupo. A escola conta com um ambiente aconchegante que nos faz sentirmos em casa. O ambiente proporciona a comunicação de todas as pessoas que trabalham e cursam na escola, tudo de forma muito descontraída e prazerosa. Se você procura um lugar para aprender e fazer muitos amigos a Ironhack é o seu lugar!Read Less",ironhack
"It's incredible how IronHack delivers what they promise. When I started the Bootcamp I knew almost nothing about development. The course turned me into a confident Full-Stack Developer, with strong technical skills. After the course, 100% of my colleagues... Read More got hired. I can't recommend better this experience. The school space, the team, the events and of course all the knowledge I received made it worthwhile.Read Less",ironhack
"My time at Ironhack has been very fruitful, it has been a great time for learning, personal and professional growth. In addition, it has also been an opportunity for development through frustrations and forging new knowledge during those nine weeks in... Read More the Data Analytics bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"My time at Ironhack has been very fruitful, it has been a great time for learning, personal and professional growth. In addition, it has also been an opportunity for development through frustrations and forging new knowledge during those nine weeks in... Read More the Data Analytics bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"Soaking, networking, learning one of the best stacks on the market has been something a phenomenal experience. In 3 months you are ready to enter the job market. it was very worth it. now I miss the friendships we made and the teachers, all amazing!!",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack contributing to a realistic view of the UX / UI Design market. The teachings were fundamental to the self-confidence needed for a career change. The classes are a mix of dense content and discussions about practices and practices,... Read More always with applications in projects, which makes learning much more interesting and relevant.Read Less",ironhack
"They make you be prepared for the market. Their methodology is amazing and it makes you fill you are solving real problems. I'm sure study here was one of the best decisions I made. The course content is perfect for the market and their methodology is... Read More excellent. Besides, there is the Ironhack network which helps you stay connected with various news and job opportunities.Read Less",ironhack
"These are a course for those who want to code in real life. Their methodology is amazing and it makes you fill you are solving real problems. I'm sure study here was one of the best decisions I made. The course content is perfect for the market and their... Read More methodology is excellent. Besides, there is the Ironhack network which helps you stay connected with various news and job opportunities.Read Less",ironhack
"I completed the June full-time web development cohort in São Paulo, and it was one of the best experiences of my life. The infrastructure provided and course material are top-notch, with great support staff and amazing teaching. The price tag should not... Read More scare you, nor should the time investment required. A+, 10/10.Read Less",ironhack
"Booting was a unique, challenging and scary experience at the same time. I learned a lot and something very important was the people I met during that time.The curriculum of the school is very complete and didactic, with practical application of what... Read More is studied day by day. helping to solidify what has been learned.The teaching method is incredible as teachers, assistant teachers and staff.The structure of the school is great with everything designed for the comfort and study of its users.Ironhack gave me the opportunity to enter a work area that I discarded in the past, PROGRAMMING. Now I see how much I like it and better yet Ironhack gave me the opportunity to pass that knowledge learned to other people.The best way of teaching that I lived so far!Best of all, they gave me the opportunity to get my very first job in Brazil(I'm from Bolivia).Read Less",ironhack
"I'm loving the Data Analytics Bootcamp, the curriculum structure and the teacher's support are incredible. Specially labs and hackatons gave me the experience to face technical interviews. Machine Learning teachings are overall basic, but still, it is... Read More worthy to start!Read Less",ironhack
"I really enjoyed my time as student in Ironhack. I did solidify my programming bases and exercise programming logic with daily exercises. We learn, in a clear way, create and deploy a server from scratch, build an entire application using a modern tech-stack... Read More always supported by a lead teacher and teaching assistants. We had all support and help to increment our curriculum along the course and a hiring week to help us to find a new collocation in job market.Read Less",ironhack
"The decision to bootcamp at Ironhack was one of the best I've ever done, I walked in knowing the basics about programming and even choosing between courses I was feeling lost because I didn't know where to actually start, and the Since the beginning my... Read More school gave support, the structure is great, the materials are super simple and easy to understand, the teachers are always online to support you, ask questions, send you feedback, give you tips and are always monitoring your evolution and learning. The school cares about how the classes are, always asking for the opinion of what we are enjoying or wanting to change, it has a career service that helps you know how the market works and what the market demands. A great experience, I had a great evolution compared to how I entered. I recommend the school to everyone.Read Less",ironhack
"Even being a computer science degree student, at ironhack I've learned and praticed much more than in those four years at college. With challenging exercises and projects, now I'm capable of developing a complete web aplication using the most modern technologies... Read More by myself.Read Less",ironhack
"I really enjoyed my time as student in Ironhack. I did solidify my programming bases and exercise programming logic with daily exercises.We learn, in a clear way, create and deploy a server from scratch, build an entire application using a modern tech-stack... Read More always supported by a lead teacher and teaching assistants.We had all support and help to increment our curriculum along the course and a hiring week to help us to find a new collocation in job market.Read Less",ironhack
"I am currently attending the part-time web development bootcamp of Ironhack São Paulo and so far I am loving my experience. I have a background in Arts &amp; Humanities and for me personally learning to code has been quite a challenging task. Nevertheless,... Read More I feel very happy to see how many new things I am learning in such a short time. I have received full support of my teacher and it is very nice to see that my unrelated background is not a barrier in this process. My efforts to make a change and willingness and interest in learning new things are the only things the matter!Everyone says the bootcamp is intense, but just when you begin you notice how fast paced it actually is. I was first enrolled in the full-time program, but decided to switch to part-time in order to have more time to study and review the content of the classes. It was a very wise decision. If I could do anything differently, I would study a lot more before starting the bootcamp. By studying, I mean doing a LOT of exercises. You learn to code with practice and repetition. However, if you don’t have six months to learn coding in the part-time program, I would highly recommend completing the preparation work REALLY well and re-do(many many times) exercises in more difficult topics. The prepwork format is extremely boring (a lot of text and the exercises aren’t interactive such as in websites like Freecodecamp and Codecademy) but the more you study and get familiar with basic concepts, the better you will follow the course afterwards.Read Less",ironhack
"Coming from a background in electrical engineering, I have always wanted to learn code. Before joining Ironhack, I tried to learn it myself by completing online courses a few times, but each time I didn't have a clear direction of how to put all things... Read More that I've learned together... Ironhack has been by far the most intensive and efficient training I ever followed! It may seem overwhelming at the beginning but trust me they will provide you with the tools for your success! The experiences like pair-programming, helped me to develop my problem-solving and communication skills, and flashcards helped me to grab these key concepts in a short intense period. The most amazing thing that I truly value during my time in Ironhack was meeting so many like-minded people. After 24 weeks of this bootcamp, I can say that I'm able to make a web app by myself and had enough confidence to keep on learning. :)Read Less",ironhack
"IronHack Sao Paulo - Bootcamp Web development was one of the best things that happened in my year in 2019!It really is a lot of content and so at first I thought of giving up, but besides teaching with perfection and mastery, putting you to practice how... Read More you will work day by day, they still helped me to believe it was possible, Professor Henrique Mendes and Program Manager Manuella Melo gave me a lot of help and today I am sure that it was very worth having continued the course, learned a lot and know how to learn even more.Thank you Iron Hack! S2Read Less",ironhack
I did a full time bootcamp in January of this year and I can say it was one of the best experiences I ever had in my life. I've never learned so much in such a short time. Ironhack has become a family and I will always be grateful for everything I lived... Read More there.Read Less,ironhack
"I currently finishing the Web/Dev bootcamp in São Paulo and I'm pretty satisfied with the course methodology, especially the documentation for the whole course. For the ones who want to have a solid foundation to start coding professionally, that's a... Read More great choice as they do prepare the students for the job market.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack's Bootcamp is an experience completely unlike any other. Not only will you learn to program, you will develop your own ability to absorb information, and become more visible and active to the technology market. Ironhack's curriculum, as well... Read More as lectures, group, and individual works, workshops, and other extra curriculum activities will contribute directly to both career and personal growth. During the course weeks, you will have a chance to acknowledge your own learning limits, as well as overcome them. If you are wondering whether or not to do the Bootcamp, know that I have locked up college, moved around and given myself a chance to live something like I had never lived before, only to attend this course. And I will never regret the moments and insights that have been presented to me in recent months.This Bootcamp is a once in a lifetime opportunity, the beginning of a new path, and the accomplishment of everything you have lived and experienced till this point.Read Less",ironhack
"Still not working as a developer, but by talking to people already working in such position I believe that the curriculum is good and up to date with tools used in the industry.Teacher for our class has been great. Very attentious and really doing his... Read More best to help us learn. He is the kind of person willing to go that extra mile to help students absorb all the content.Career support has been good and better than what I expected. We've had workshops with an experienced recruiter and with people in management positions in tech companies.School infrastructure is good and improving. Recently added a few automated vending machines with snacks and drinks.Read Less",ironhack
"I'm doing my final project in UX/UI Fulltime bootcamp at Ironhack and I had the best learning experience ever! The metodology applied is amazing, the structure of the campus (in São Paulo), my professor and everybody working there are very competent.... Read More Before my decision for Ironhack I was considering another bootcamp, but the atmosphere + material were fundamental to me.Read Less",ironhack
"In my opinion, the content of the full-time web dev course has an unbelievable deepness and strength of its knowledge.The focus of the course is not only based on theory but particularly on the importance of practicing exercises individually or as a team... Read More every single day.During the course, we have been fully embraced by all employees, while having constant support from our teachers and their assistants as well.Last but not least, we too had at our disposal a stunning enviroment to ensure we could all learn and build a ""code family"".Read Less",ironhack
"I had been looking for a Data Analytics Bootcamp for a while when I knew Ironhack. The syllabus contains everything I wanted to learn: not that beginner level manipulating data, not that advanced level without basics principles of Python. It's a long... Read More Bootcamp in my opinion (almost 7 months in a part-time program), but we still can have fun and feel the improvement of our skills in each class.Read Less",ironhack
I'm currently on IronHack part time full stack web dev and so far it has been the best experience I could dream of. All the staff from IronHack are amazing and they have been giving a amazing support. One of the best points so far it's the teacher that... Read More truly want you to learn and understand what he is saying.Read Less,ironhack
"The whole course is pretty much awesome, you are induced in an immersive study environment which you WILL learn for sure all, if not, most of the content of the course.PROS:- Immersive learning.- Friendly and productive environment.- You receive a lot... Read More of help and support from the TAs.- You WILL find a job for sure after at most a month after course completion.- Free coffee/tea.- Fun.CON:- Expensive, you will need to prepare for the bootcamp.- It can be tiring, sometimes.Read Less",ironhack
"An amazing and innovative experience, the school gave me all the support physical and intellectual structure. Gave me an incredible job opportunityMy feeling for this school is love, I met amazing people.Educational knowledge was essential to boosting... Read More my professional career, I am a different professional because I studied at ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"Amazing! Definitely the biggest learning weeks I've had. The whole team is committed to 9 week learning, the school material is excellent, the curriculum and hands-on activities guide the learning very well and, studying at Ironhack, I saw that it is... Read More totally possible to learn something new and put it into practice on personal projects.Read Less",ironhack
"I choose to enroll in IronHack UX/UI Design Bootcamp after extensive research about UX bootcamps. The investment seems to be high at the beginning, but worth every penny. The time we spend exchanging knowledge and learning from the mentors are super valuable... Read More and rich.The Bootcamp is divided in 3 parts (3 weeks each) the first part is User Experience, and for me, it was the hardest one, it's a LOT of content to assimilate and a lot o dynamics to understand each part. The second part is the UI part, and it was very fun but I wish we had more time to work on it. The last part is the code part and the final project and this time I wish I had more time outside of the Bootcamp to study HTML and CSS, it was too fast, but the content was given in a proper way.The projects that I have done during the Bootcamp on IronHack showed that I evolved a lot and I feel prepared to search for jobs.As a plus, I had a great experience working on groups and presenting my projects in front of the class and the school, made my pitch and explanation of projects much better!Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Iron Hack has been contributed to a full and realistic view of the Design and User Experience scenario, feeling prepared and engaged to begin a new career.Our classroom teacher has the ability to bring relevant discussions into the ironhack... Read More framework that the school offers, becoming the classes into a rich and engaging discussion. The practical part of the projects works very well, we are encouraged to work in different pairs and groups every week, learning and sharing knowledge together, it is possible to feel the evolution of problem-solving and understanding over the weeks.Positive aspects for the classroom assistants (T.A), always helpful in supporting tools, work development and discussions.As an improvement, Ironhack needs to take care of its internal experience, communication flow, and student entry journey to its progress within the course, paying attention to campus details and infrastructure that may reflect on good or bad experiences.Read Less",ironhack
"Honestly don't have any cons regarding the course. It was an amazing experience, I learned so much and it translated immediately to my work, especially considering I got a promotion due in large part to this course. My technical knowledge got to a level... Read More that I didn't think I would be able to achieve.Read Less",ironhack
"A experiência da formação é pensada de ponta a ponta pra capacitar e reposicionar o aluno no mercado. Há suporte de um professor/ mentor mais 2 assistentes por turma, que complementam suas competências. Também há uma estrutura de eventos e troca entre... Read More as turmas de outras áreas para elaboração de projetos em conjunto!Read Less",ironhack
"This course saved my life professional.The estructure phisical, teachers, administrative, teacher assistent It helped me reach the goal that got me into the course: career change.The teaching material is very good. All projects make us live the real day... Read More to day and that means they are good and heavy.Between classes and workshops, we learned a lot from classmates and the teacher. Everyone helps each other and that makes a lot of difference.Read Less",ironhack
"O curso é super super super incrível! Você aprende toda metodologia de UX e design thinking! O curso engloba muiiiita prototipacao e wireframe. Você sai do curso com 8 projetos, um portfólio bem forte. São 400 horas de muito amor e pressão :) Super recomendo!!!... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"I’ve fell in love for Iron Hack the minute I’ve heard about it! The syllabus is very complete and covers both UX and UI perfectly. The teachers are super engaged and competent. The environment is cozy and welcoming. The experience was amazing from the... Read More start, the staff makes everything easy and are super considerate!Read Less",ironhack
"I'm a recently graduated from Ironhack - Lisbon. It was a great challenging experience. The things necessaries to fulfill the course is to trust on yourself, but the real fuel to do it was the commitment shown by Jose Carneiro, Guilherme Cardoso and Sonia... Read More Meller, to their students without the help of them I could leave the bootcamp since the 1st week, I'm very grateful for their effort. Of course, I cannot leave out Luis Santos with his great preparation and tips for CV and jobs interview and the rest of the staff that they help us saying words of support to hang in there along the bootcamp and provide a lot of help during the hiring fair days Goncalo Regalado, Alvaro Gonzalez, Munique Martins and Carmen Ortega. A very amazing experience thanks to these amazing people.Read Less",ironhack
"Ok, let's start. I waited a year before I reviewed IH because I did not want my review to be biased. I haven't had contact any with the people at IH so I can give you the closest thing to an objective opinion out there. Here it comes: Ironhack is easily... Read More the best choice of my life, no questions asked. Without any kind of background in technology, just hard work, the curriculum and help provided by the Ironhack staff I was able to find a job before I even finished the bootcamp.So if you want to know if I think you should do Ironhack: the answer is YES.That's all. Don't read the rest unless you want to read my personal experience. Now I will write what I think about each part of Ironhack: Curriculum: Look, this is why you are here, this is what you like, this is what you enjoy doing. You will have classes imparted by a teacher where you will have fun from start to finish, it might be rough, it might be tough but its always fun. I went by this curriculum and it actually help me understand coding and gave me great foundations on how to study and learn new technologies. I still go about learning new technologies the same way I did at Ironhack. If you follow this curriculum(understanding it, reading it before class and then solving every doubt you have during classes) and finish EVERY part of it(even the ""extras"") you will leave Ironhack knowing enough to get hired anywhere.Instructors: My teacher was Nick Borbe, my TAs were Marcos Palacios and Manuel Cabrera. Everyone was great, super helpful and knowledgeable. If at any point they did not know the answer to something you asked they would look into it and comeback with the answer. Great people all around. Job Assistance: Ironhack is the best, and that's in no small part thanks to Daniel Brito, this guy will find you a job. He won't hold your hand during the process but if he sees you putting in 200% he will put in 300%. Make use of him, ask him questions, show him you are interested and he will help you. Overall: As with any other course or any type of education process you will get back what you put in. If this is really what you want I can't think of a better place to learn the basics of coding/programming/web develpment than at Ironhack. They helped me change my life for the better, I'm finally happy with what I do and actually miss work when I'm on vacation. All of this started with Ironhack and I will never forget it.If you are still undecided I invite you to add me on linkedin and ask me any question about Ironhack and my experience there, I'll be more than happy to answer.Read Less",ironhack
"An intensive and inspiring experience! We went through issues with the assigned teacher from the machine learning module (it might be because we were the first Data Analytics Bootcamp in Mexico City), but Ironhack handled it. We got a new brilliant teacher... Read More that has statistical and math knowledge, but most importantly, he had the interest to teach and boost our learning. The best part was the people and connexions you make throughout a full-time Bootcamp.(Correction: it is about the Data Analytics Bootcamp, not web development)Read Less",ironhack
"I enrolled in the full-time UX/UI design program last fall (2018). My teacher and the Ironhack staff were friendly, helpful, and very open to listening and improving the lessons in any way possible. Unfortunately the TA I started the program with only... Read More held the position for a couple of weeks and then this spot was filled by a number of temporary replacements. This didn’t allow me to get very close to any of those people and it felt like a resource that I expected to have wasn’t really available that cohort. In the end, we turned to fellow classmates for supplemental help most of all and this teamwork really helped many of us. The course is very intense and incoming students should expect to be stressed out by the workload. A lot of information is packed into a few months, so it’s important to bookmark all of the important websites your teacher shows you and of course to take good notes! If you have past work experience that relates at all to the duties of a UX/UI designer or even if you just had a strong interest in parts of the process, this will come in handy! I’d always had an interest in art and had done some graphic design before. On the other hand, if you have zero relevant experience and were interested in completing this course, I would say to be patient and realistic about where your skills might be by graduation time. While I do think Ironhack can give you a boost and help you get started with your new career, I saw some classmates struggle with creating professional-looking visual designs- even by the end of the course. So if you’re doing something difficult for the first time, don’t expect a miracle. That said… coding week was not great for me. Most of the other students had had at least a little bit of exposure to coding before the course, so they were able to keep up with the instructor. A few students (including me) had never had any exposure and we fell behind and could never catch up. I was repeatedly told that it was ok if I knew nothing about coding, but it felt like a little more understanding was necessary to understand the fast-talking teacher I had for coding week. Daniel Brito was my career coach while I was there and I really appreciated his support. He gave me a lot of awesome advice and helped me see things from the perspective of the employer. Although he was busy assisting lots of students, he did a good job of dividing up his time and giving me his full attention when it was my turn. In the end, I walked away with a portfolio that helped me get my current job, so it was worth it for me! Plus it’s nice to be part of the Ironhack network.Read Less",ironhack
"I remember when I emigrated here to the US, and I was looking for a place to help me accelerate my professional career. Ironhack seemed like an excellent decision because I had heard of them, and had recommendations from students who already finished... Read More that Bootcamp. Fortunately, I had the opportunity to be one of the winners of a full scholarship at Ironhack. I felt amazing and closer to where I wanted to go.Ironhack helped me acquire skills for this new digital economy, how to build my network, work as a team and with deadlines, and how to use these latest technologies to undertake your projects. All the classes we attend are very practical with real-world challenges and that you are experienced to go from a beginner to advanced level and acquire that way of solving problems thinking as a programmer.The Ironhack team is amazing, they will be your mentors and friends who will guide you and always look for your best. They are very professional and fun. Once you have completed Bootcamp, the team organizes a Hiring Fair to help you get a job and train you for the world of work. The experience is very challenging and with a lot opportunities , that definitely it will help you succeed.Finally, having concluded with Ironhack, I find myself working thanks to their support, and my efforts. The whole experience I lived with them was like an adventure, the classrooms are very comfortable and focused on the student learning, the different places to work in their building fit into your way of working, if you want to work in silence, there are places for it, if you need to work with a team you'll find the right spot, and the snacks they have to help the students to be very comfortable and healthy.I recommend 100% and do not doubt that it will be a place to empower your lives!Read Less",ironhack
"I stumbled upon Ironhack when I was searching for a UX/UI design bootcamp that had a solid reputation for excellent curriculum, strong career outcomes after the course, and wasn't going to put me into unnecessary debt. The Lisbon location sparked my interest... Read More right away knowing that it was a growing tech city with exciting opportunities, and the lower cost of living would support me as I dedicated months of my life to this. It felt worth the risk.Favorite things about Ironhack:- They take your feedback very seriously. If you note how something can be improved, the team is working on it immediately to fix it. You are heard. - The environment is beautiful and inspiring. I looked forward to going to class everyday. - Ironhack is outcomes driven. They are very focused on making sure we reach our career goals and prepares us very well to enter the market after.- The curriculum pushed me and gave me the tools I needed to succeed in both UX and UI design.- The support from my classmates and staff was second to none. Their constructive feedback and encouragement made me better &amp; stronger.Bootcamp is always what you make of it. You must be a self-learner, dedicated, and put in all of the hard work. It demands all of your time, energy, and passion. I highly recommend Ironhack - Lisbon if you are this type. :) It was SO worth the risk.Read Less",ironhack
"Data Analytics Full-Time Bootcamp Thanks to the support of two excellent teachers, one focused on Python and the other focused on ML, as well as 3 more specialists in the field who in all classes knew how to answer all my questions, not only could I conclude... Read More the Bootcamp but we also acquired the practice and The knowledge necessary to start in this field of data analysis, we have an excellent environment and at all times we have direct communication with the entire Ironhack Mexico team. During the Bootcamp course we had a first ML teacher who did not have the necessary skills, so we requested a new teacher and the Ironhack team sent us an excellent machine learning teacher, which was Yonatan Rodriguez Alvarez, which I highly recommend; and with respect to the previous teacher, don't worry because he doesn't teach on campus anymore.Read Less",ironhack
"Fue una de las mejores inversiones y experiencias educativas que he realizado. El bootcamp es intensivo y todos los días se ven temas diferentes, algunos más difíciles que otros, sin embargo, existe un gran compañerismo y una gran actitud por parte de... Read More los teacher assistant, lead teacher y de todo el equipo del Ironhack por mejorar la experiencia de los alumnos durante el curso.Recomiendo mucho el curso de Data Analytics para aquellas personas que quieran impulsar o cambiar de carrera a través del uso de los datos.Read Less",ironhack
"I took the Full Time Data Analytics Program, it was a great challenge for me because the workload, as it is Full Time, is very high, even though I'm a Computer Engineer. All the subjects that are part of the Syllabus are very innovative and on peak of... Read More the Data Analytics Sector. We faced some problems along the program but for the values and culture of all the staff, we were all able to overcome them on the very best possible. Something that is very important is that you have to study or have a background on Statistics because it's one essential part for the course and it could be something very challenging to face without any knowledge. Overall, I really enjoyed all the experience on the course and become part ot this great family.Read Less",ironhack
"Pros: - Intensive Course (for the full time), if you want lo learn quick. - Excellent Teacher Availability . - Solid temary content. - Good Installations, you can use them whenever you want. Cons: - Requires solid knowledge in statistics previous to the... Read More bootcamp (specially for the machine learning section).Read Less",ironhack
"The data analytics course at Ironhack Mexico is a good one, have a lot of support from the staff and the community and graduates are very helpful, I really recommend the course if you like hard work and an intensive way of learning, not recommended if... Read More you can't commit to an activity for a long period of time.Read Less",ironhack
"I joined Ironhack because I wanted to change my life, and learn skills that would make me competitive and were sought after in this ever changing job market. After being abroad for multiple years, I decided to return to Portugal, my home country, to start... Read More anew and review my choices - here was my first contact with Ironhack. Since the get go, it was a great experience - from the first contact to get more information to the tests to get in, to information and to personalized help throughout the whole bootcamp, they kept tabs on me an made sure my worries were addressed and I got the support I needed. I got my first job in the field within 1 month after finishing the bootcamp, but between finishing and until that first contract they helped us with interview processes and questions, moral support and any queries we might have, any time I needed.More than just a bootcamp, they keep you involved long after you finish, and you create a network of resources, colleagues and - most importantly - friends in the field, who understand your struggle.I advise anyone to join Ironhack - 2 of my best friends are starting in January, and my husband is highly considering it!!From Munique, to Gonçalo, to Álvaro to Luis, the teachers, the TAs (if you get Guilherme and Carla in Web Dev or Angela in UX/UI you'll see what I mean!) you will have the best team that worries about you and is there for anything you need.Read Less",ironhack
"I came across Ironhack's program while hunting for UX/UI bootcamps. I've been a designer/strategist for about 8 years, and as a full-time freelancer, I wanted more structure around the UX/UI process and the work I could be doing better for my clients.... Read More Turns out, I already had a solid enough background that I likely needed a step up from what Ironhack had to offer. That said, I think the program is great for the right audience– people who are looking to change careers or don't have a background in design or creative problem solving at all whatsoever. The pros:- The curriculum is ever-changing with the times and the Ironhack staff did a good job making course corrections as our cohort went on.- It's a great base for anyone looking to learn UX/UI as a new skill/career path.- The class size is pretty small and the relationships forged are great for post-graduation.- We had a number of opportunities to network with past alumni and hear about what/how they're doing now.The cons:- Execution of the curriculum felt a bit disjointed and disorganized. We did too many super short projects to be able to really dig deep and learn any nuances.- The coding week was a disaster– it was entirely unplanned and we didn't get additional resources until three days into the week. At $1000+/week, 3 wasted days is not cheap.- This may not be a con to everyone, but the program and the Ironhack staff were a bit too chill for me. There were a lot of rules that they really drove home at the beginning... but never followed through on. The execution was lacking and we ended up being treated like both children and adults simultaneously.- We were promised things repeatedly that we never received. (For example, we were supposed to have professional headshots taken, but the photographer was a no-show and the staff chose not to reschedule for us. Our headshots were taken on an iPhone. Again– at $12k/person, we should be able to reschedule a photographer.) A lot of little things like that added up to a negative experience.For my situation personally, I made the best decision I could with the information I had. I'm leaving this review 4 months after graduating and I'm neutral about my experience now. I met some really great people and I learned enough– but I probably wouldn't do it again (and I won't rave about the experience).Read Less",ironhack
"Hello there, I enrolled in Ironhack's UX/UI Bootcamp knowing very little about UX/UI and the Ironhack team helped me to transition in my career change (coming in with a marketing, business admin, and graphic design background) and created a wonderful... Read More family-oriented environment where I felt most welcome and inspired to learn. I will always be grateful for everything I learned, the memories created, friends made, and the whole experience. In 9 weeks you'll complete a number of different projects for your portfolio. You'll experience sleep deprivation, mental exhaustion, grouchy mood swings, weight loss (from skipped meals), and Miami traffic, but, all of it will be worth it in the end. I wished we spent more time doing UI and coding versus mostly UX. I really valued the one-on-one training sessions even though they were short. They'll supply you with an immense amount of outside resources and information. The instructors and TAs are knowledgable, understanding, and flexible. God Bless Snezana Dragusev. Once you graduate you'll receive job placement assistance from Daniel Brito. He's phenomenal and a great resource. University career counselors' can use some training from him and follow his example. You won't regret joining. Happy designing and coding!Read Less",ironhack
"Completing my Bootcamp with Ironhack was a great accomplishment for me, the 9 weeks that I signed up for were nothing in comparison to what I accomplished at the end of the course. I walked into Ironhack hopeful, excited and most of all terrified of the... Read More workload. I graduated after a couple of all-nighters and many many hours of blood, sweat, and beers. I think my favorite part of the experience was the culture that Ironhack creates during its courses and the bonds that I made with both the students and the staff. I learned a lot about UX / UI but more importantly, I learned a lot about humans, their mental models and most fo all my self. I highly recommend the Bootcamp because it has the tools and network necessary to enter the Tech Industry and flourish!Read Less",ironhack
"I won't lie learning web dev was a tough. There are many things to learn but that's also a new world that is open to you. I really like to feel I was learning one of the best tech stack MERN. Doing part time is quite challenging but it also give you more... Read More time to digest concepts and apply them to personal projects.Don't except the teachers to do things for you, it's a bootcamp so get your hands dirty, your Ironhack experience depends on your work.Read Less",ironhack
"Hi there, I know that it is a big decision and commitment to join a full time course of coding bootcamp from time, effort and money perspective. You possibly have done your research and read all this ""Is it worth it to go through coding bootcamp"" kind... Read More of articles. As a recent graduate of Ironhack full-time web development course I'm here to tell you to do it. It is totally worth it and will affect your life in a positive way. There is one thing that all this unsure or negative bootcamp reviews have in common - they all are by software engineers and developers. Think about it. The person attended the top bootcamp - and then he/she is a developer. Full stop. If you putt in the effort, put in the hours and do what they tell you to do, learn what they offer you to learn then this will be your story. Whatever background you come from - it is doable to step into the fascinating world of technology. I know it because I'm telling my own story.  I went through full stack web dev course and learned MongoDB, ExpressJS, ReactJS, NodeJS, HTML, CSS and the list goes on and on. But most important I've learned that I can do it. I've learned how to think and how to approach the technical challenge that I'm facing. I got the whole lot of new connections, relevant to the field as well.The IronHack Miami staff is all you can ask for. Nobody here looks at titles and everybody are here to help in any way they can. Instructor Nick Borbe is no less the programming guru, calm, knowledgeable and with the rare ability to talk simple about complicated concepts. TA's Nick, Marcos, Mike are always, I mean always there from morning until late at night to review your code and to ensure that your road to become a developer is a smooth one. People at Ironhack Miami know and love their craft and it is of a great value. Special gratitude goes to Daniel Brito, Digital Talent &amp; Business Development Manager. He will push you, coach you, challenge you, advice you and do it all over again until you find your new work place. He will put you in the room with right people to present yourself for the job that is not even on the market. And you will get it, because you will know exactly what to do and how to do it. Let me tell you, in the tech field of Miami if you don't know Brito and he doesn't know you - you are not on the map. And after Ironhack you will be on the map.I’ve just received an offer from the company that I wouldn't even dare to talk to before Ironhack and that is just a beginning. So if you still in doubt – give them a call, quit doing what you're doing, join Ironhack Miami and Happy Coding!!!Read Less",ironhack
"Completing my Bootcamp with Ironhack was a great accomplishment for me, the 9 weeks that I signed up for were nothing in comparison to what I accomplished at the end of the course. I walked into Ironhack hopeful, excited and most of all terrified of the... Read More workload. I graduated after a couple of all-nighters and many many hours of blood, sweat, and beers. I think my favorite part of the experience was the culture that Ironhack creates during its courses and the bonds that I made with both the students and the staff. I learned a lot about UX / UI but more importantly, I learned a lot about humans, their mental models and most fo all my self. I highly recommend the Bootcamp because it has the tools and network necessary to enter the Tech Industry and flourish!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was a great experience, I have always had a passion for web development and through the course, I was able to take my skills to a new level. I highly recommend the boot camp to anyone who wants to make a career change. The facilities are extremely... Read More nice and very accommodating, and the management team does a great job keeping the place clean and looking great. While in class you will have to work very hard, there will be long days and long nights, but nothing worth doing is ever easy. The instructors and the TA’s are extremely helpful and accommodating they will sit down with you and help you get through any issue you have with your code. Once you graduate you will get job placement assistance from Brito, remember the name he is kind of a legend. Through his efforts, Ironhack graduates participate in a hiring fair filled with companies looking to hire new talent, follow his lead and do as he says and your chances of landing the life-changing job will skyrocket.It won’t be easy but it will be worth it, and the entire Ironhack team will be there to help you along the way.Read Less",ironhack
"Overall is a good course, however, you should get TA's with a stronger background in the subjects you're about to teach. Also, for Windows users, you should have a previous session with them so they're all set up with the tools they'll be needing during... Read More the course's development.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack es el mejor lugar para todas aquellas personas que desean ser desarrollador web y no tienen conocimientos previos sobre programacion, despues de terminar el bootcamp seras capaz de crear sitios web desde 0. Adentrate en esta nueva forma de laborar... Read More y mejorar tu calidad de vida.Read Less",ironhack
"When I first started my web development bootcamp, I was kinda scared about the enormous amount of information that we would be learning during the following 9 weeks. I seemed huge...extremely difficult! However, as we started our classes and got to know... Read More our teachers, I realized that I didn't need to worry. We had the best teachers who had the best attitude towars us. We learnt more than what I thought was possible. And we also became a part of Ironhack's family. This is a great option for someone who wants to become an excellent developer and who want to face new challenges.Read Less",ironhack
Incredible experience. Great techinal elements and better people.,ironhack
"Estudiar en Ironhack fue la mejor opción para ""aprender a aprender"" y ser autodidacta porque aparte del stack técnico te brindan skills para ser autodidacta y no temer a investigar por cuenta propia. Hay que tener en cuenta que el curso es super intensivo... Read More y cuando sales tienes más ganas por seguir aprendiendoRead Less",ironhack
"When I first decided to join Ironhack I thought ""Yeah I like web development this will be a piece of cake"" little did I know they take the word bootcamp a little bit literally it is an intense full-blown experience . Aside from the technical skills (Javascript,... Read More Node.js, Express, React, MongoDB etc.) you learn things like how to program in a team how to present a project and networking it is demanding some of the projects have dead-lines. There were times where I would ask myself ""What did I get myself into?"" but at the end I take a look at my portfolio and all the things I learned and say to myself : ""It was worth it"".Read Less",ironhack
"The truth is, as an attendee in Ironhack, I was beyond surprised with how the bootcamp developed. I learned the tools ready for the job market and I feel more than confident with my skills to learn, implement, and practice any project that a company or... Read More business requires. The staff in Ironhack Mexico was beyond excellent, I was surprised with the continued support that everyone in the staff provided. I do recommend to anyone that wants to attend this camp has some previous learning in order to get a better experience. Do the prework that they require but also go beyond and try to learn more programming. If you expect going into the bootcamp without having any interest in programming you may discover that programming is not for you, but this won't be the bootcamps fault rather than yours. Ironhack offers great tools for the job market, a great career work support, and an amazing staff that will become your family. In truth, they do their best to prepare you but most of it falls on you.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack after beginning a bit of independent learning on the subject of web development and wanting something to accelerate my learning. If you really like learning and don't mind a quick pace this boot-camp is perfect for you. Not only did... Read More I acquire the skills necessary to be competitive in a job search in web development but I made great friends, started a bowling team and found fantastic restaurants all over Mexico City. Not only did I learn I had fun doing it.Read Less",ironhack
"Is a amazing experience, the best coding bootcamp of México City",ironhack
It was an amazing ride. 9 weeks of intense learning. Doing weekly sprints was an amazing way of learning and putting in practice all we learned,ironhack
"This school prepares you for the outside world to change modern technology to its highest potential. Ironhack is a school that preps you well enough to be able to learn any coding language. (Niko my instructor is a GOAT)I was very satisfied with the Ironhack... Read More staff. Everyone is great, supportive and overall caring for each student. The classroom environment is amazing! I met so many great people that I am still great friends with till this day. Everyone became like a family. I highly recommend career service. Shoot! I got hired from that event, it is an easy way to get a job that pays well. One of the great opportunities you get from career service is this cool dude named Brito AKA The Plug. He preps you on how to land a great job, he teaches you how to speak and reach out to companies and make yourself known. I applied many of his tactics and it helped me improve and build a reputation for myself in another city. Overall this school is great. Its not too expensive and it way more worth it than getting in debt for some other expensive school that might not even be worth it. If I could take this course again, I would, BUT unfortunately I am employed.Read Less",ironhack
"Having gone to Ironhack with -1 experience in web development, I learned all the necessary skills to become a software developer and change my career into technology. This includes the most important skill which is to learn how to ""learn"" new material... Read More as technology advances. I must thank the staff for being extremely patient with my lack of experience and transitioning me into a working professional in the tech industry. The classroom environment was very accommodating, comfortable, and intimate where you build relationships with the instructors and assistants, including your classmates. Everyone helped each other during and after classes. Towards the end of the cohort, Ironhack became more of a family to me and will forever be a part of the Ironhack family. Towards the end of the bootcamp, Ironhack provides career services and a career week/hiring fair that prepares students to deal with real companies that are looking to hire candidates. This is very useful in my experience to get better prepared to land a job. Thanks to Ironhack and its staff, I landed my first tech job straight out of the bootcamp during the career week! In summary, if I can do it, so can you!Read Less",ironhack
"Having gone to Ironhack with -1 experience in web development, I learned all the necessary skills to become a software developer and change my career into technology. This includes the most important skill which is to learn how to ""learn"" new material... Read More as technology advances. I must thank the staff for being extremely patient with my lack of experience and transitioning me into a working professional in the tech industry. The classroom environment was very accommodating, comfortable, and intimate where you build relationships with the instructors and assistants, including your classmates. Everyone helped each other during and after classes. Towards the end of the cohort, Ironhack became more of a family to me and will forever be a part of the Ironhack family. Towards the end of the bootcamp, Ironhack provides career services and a career week/hiring fair that prepares students to deal with real companies that are looking to hire candidates. This is very useful in my experience to get better prepared to land a job. Thanks to Ironhack and its staff, I landed my first tech job straight out of the bootcamp during the career week! In summary, if I can do it, so can you!Read Less",ironhack
"The UX/UI Design Bootcamp of Mexico was great. I recommend it to anyone. The cursus is rock solid, the teachers are real specialists and so available and dedicated. And the Job search program that follows very intensive and prepares you to maximize opportunity.... Read More For me it was a real game changer. I felt stucked for quite some time, wanted to aquire a new skill and boost my career towards that industry. But I wasn't sure about the investment. But at some pont needed to change something. Well, now i can say it was worth every bucket, specially in Mexico where costs are cheaper than in other places. If you are still hesitating don't. Just go for it!Read Less",ironhack
"I was on the UX/UI design Bootcamp in Mexico City.I have to say it has been one of the best decisions i've ever made!They were 9 very intensive weeks, late nights and early mornings, but at the end, the feeling of satisfaction overcomes everything else.... Read MoreTeachers and staff are great! always there to help you and support you.Read Less",ironhack
"The Bootcamp at Ironhack was my first contact with code and it was a good and intensive experience!In 9 weeks of bootcamp we went through a lot of concepts and each of us experience a different time of adaptation to develop our mental skills in order... Read More to understand how to code. So some people can learn faster than others and of course, the effort you put into will have a big impact on your progress.It is focused on practical labs everyday and we develop curriculum by doing three big projects.Despite being a Full-stack course I think that we'll be more prepared to be a Front-end developer.By the end of the bootcamp we had a great hiring fair organized by Ironhack, where we met 12 amazing companies in two days.Before the fair we have a preparation for interview questions, technical challenges, and we work on our attitude, pitch and cv to better face the companies.One of this companies made me an offer which I was happy to accepted!Read Less",ironhack
"Overall I would say The most important thing I learned was ""what"" I needed to learn. Being that the course is so fast paced, you don't spend too much time on one subject. This is actually beneficial because you cover much more ground in a short period... Read More of time. I would say you spend enough time on each subject to get a really good, hands on introduction to it. The environment itself if very conducive to learning. You have absolutely everything you need to be able to stay long hours (which you will) coding. The staff are all extremely friendly and attentive to everyones needs/ concerns. They meet with students individually several times throughout the cohort to make sure you're not falling behind and what (if any) concerns you have. Brito thats in charge of career services is great! He's also very involved from day one and makes sure you have all your stuff set up the best way possible (resume, LinkedIn, Github). The hiring fair is a great chance to practice interviewing with companies and get an idea of what you might need to brush up on. You might even get hired straight from there!Read Less",ironhack
"I had a great experience doing the Ironhack bootcamp and would highly recommend it. I ended up with a strong portfolio of seven diverse projects, got to learn how to code (the basics) and had a hiring week to help students find a job after the bootcamp... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"Studying at Ironhack was over all a great experience. The course was very intense and we where presented with new concepts and technologies all the time. This made it a little overwhelming at some points so my advice to anyone planning on doing the course... Read More is to get an idea of what you want to learn and put your main focus on, before starting the course. The teacher and teacher assistants where very helpful and patient so no complaints there. After the bootcamp I decided to stay in Berlin to find a job. It took me around 2 months to get hired. I applied for jobs every day and had around 10 interviews before finding good match. This process was almost as exhausting as the bootcamp itself :) Most of my class (that Im still in contact with) found a job around the 2 month mark. Ironhack will provide help and guidance when looking for a job but don't expect them to just hand you a job offer, you will have to do the work, but if you do it will pay off :)Read Less",ironhack
"10 Week Web Dev Boot Camp focused on MERN Stack (Mongo DB, Express JS, React JS &amp; Node JS), CSS3, HTML5 &amp; JavaScript(ES6).",ironhack
"I couldn't be happier with my experience at Ironhack. From start to finish it was a truly awesome experience! The workload is extreme and the material challenging but it is a highly rewarding experience were you are rewarded for pushing yourself. Thankfully... Read More the atmosphere is extremely friendly with amenities galore to make yourself more comfortable. I spent most of the course working outside on the beautiful rooftop astroturf patio. My instructor Nico was a very committed teacher who would personally invest in any problems you were working on, help you realize your vision and work with you to find a solution. Anything answers he didn't have, he knew how to find them! In general Nico was great person who was easy talk to and made you feel comfortable throughout the learning process.The curriculum itself is well thought-out and constantly changing. You really feel you are learning whatever technology is the most relevant. It was a frequent topic of conversation how many of us who went to college (even some Computer Science majors) couldn't believe how much more we were learning in such a short time compared to our drawn out struggles with traditional universities. Struggles that ultimately left us feeling unprepared for the real world...and robbed!Ironhack attracts plenty of motivated people who are a pleasure to be in class with. The sense of camaraderie is strong and It feels good to be in deep with the your fellow classmates. We all worked hard together, helped each other out and bonded over struggling with the same difficult sections.Thankfully Ironhack was good about making sure there are some unwinding opportunities. Lisa and Jess did an excellent job of keeping the energy up and organizing much needed stress relief moments that gave everyone an opportunity to unplug, eat some pizza and drink a little beer (or kombucha).Finally Brito is there to make sure we stayed focused on the reason most of us joined the course: To get jobs! Brito helped us prioritize what's important in terms of our future careers. He has tons of extremely useful experience in terms of what companies are looking for when hiring talent. He makes us looks good and gives us pro tips on building out resumes and our Linkedins. Brito also does an excellent job bringing in tech veterans to share their knowledge with us. We've had speakers talk to us about the hiring process, the tech world, problems we may face, and even set up mock technical and soft skill interviews. If you have a specific interest in something in particular Brito will connect you with someone from his MASSIVE and beautifully organized list of tech contacts and Ironhack alum. Brito works very hard and is constantly finding new opportunities for graduates to pursue.Prior to Ironhack I was exhausting myself working as a cook and making next to nothing. As someone who is now happily working as a web developer, signing up for Ironhack was one of the smartest moves I've ever made. It feels great to finally have a career with independence, where my intelligence is rewarded and my employer can see the value I provide daily. For anyone on the fence, I really couldn't recommend Ironhack any stronger. It's worth it.Read Less",ironhack
"Here, you start as a newbie and they help you develop your skills until you make amazing things you never thought possible. Don't get me wrong: it will be very hard, but it gives you a work rhythm and an ability to absorb things that is very good, and... Read More there it teaches you how to research things by yourself, for when you're out in the job market. Here you learn the technologies that are sought after in the market, and they give you support afte the bootcamp is over, while you're looking for a job.Read Less",ironhack
"If you want to change your career- GO to Ironhack! If you want to get into the tech world- GO to Ironhack! If you are worried about not having a degree, but still want to lend a good tech job- GO to Ironhack! And simply if you are ready to work hard and... Read More push yourself to the limits- you know- GO TO IRONHACK! This was one of the kind experience. Instructors (David and Niko) are very knowledgable and helpful, always ready go the extra mile if needed. Brito - placement guru will give you best advice on how to get that first (and the most important) job. Don't worry if you have NO tech related EXPERIENCE, the curriculum is flexible and tailored to market needs. You will have a good base to go into the ""real world"" with. It was hard, and challenging but so worth it! I am happy that I have made this decision:)Read Less",ironhack
"I attended web development bootcamp at Ironhack Lisbon. I learnt so much, so fast and had so much fun that I did not want it to come to an end!Great city (sunny 99% time), great campus, great team. Fully recommended",ironhack
"Motivating, encouraging and challenging environment. Everyone can grow and push its own boundaries at it space while being given a meaningful path to follow, with the right tool set in hands and a strong support to do so. The program is built in a smart... Read More way for us to focus and questions on the right things. What a smart and complementary teaching team and staff. On top of that, everything is done in a way to feel home, and meet other students and Ironhack team members.Read Less",ironhack
"This was my first time at a bootcamp and I can tell you, is very hard but it's an amazing journey.I joined Ironhack with the purpose of grow up in the tech world and become a great developer. The time is short and we have to learn the best we can to continue... Read More this path.I'm thankfull for the oportunitty to do this course. If I had the chance to go back in time I'd do it again.Now I have a Ironhack family to life.Read Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack Bootcamp was one of the wisest choices I have made. It was super intense and I was dead beat when it was over but it WAS worth it.I recommend it to someone who is a career changer, just like me. Since Lisbon is a new Ironhack campus, they... Read More are learning by doing(as we are) and we were the first Bootcamp for Web Development.We finished the Bootcamp with three projects we can show around to employers and after a hiring fair which I believe is one of the strongest points of Ironhack, compared to other Bootcamps I've heard about. THey are really committed and they stay on top of the students even after the Bootcamp is over to make sure everyone is already on the way t a life as a developer!I recommend the staff, which is amazing and always worried about getting the most out of the students and the program. They are caring and listen to our worries. They really put their hearts into it. For a more complete feedback of my experience I wrote a couple of medium articles, on how were the first weeks and some of the projects:https://medium.com/@carlarsmendes/my-path-towards-web-development-686151bafba6https://medium.com/@carlarsmendes/the-two-weeks-of-the-bootcamp-and-the-first-project-432df4fc27d2https://medium.com/@carlarsmendes/the-second-project-of-ironhacks-web-dev-bootcamp-76b1d6f7daeeRead Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was intense, with thankfully more ups then downs, and I leave confident that I'm ready to start as a Junior Web Developer in the market.The first weeks were certainly very overwhelming for me, who never seen nothing regarding... Read More code until starting to study the ""pre-work"" that we had, weeks before the Bootcamp even started. The team informed us about the intensity and the challenges we would face, and they were very right! However, they were always following us to let us know we were not alone. The idea to have projects at the end of every module is great to solidify our knowledge and give us confidence that we can built awesome stuff, as well as start working on our portfolio and have something to tell recruiters when the time comes.The teachers were very supportive and pushed us a lot during classes, in a way we had to face every challenge ahead of us, but knowing that we would have great people to support us. One of the main focus of the Bootcamp is to get us ready for the market. We had several different workshops about building our CVs and LinkedIn profiles, practicing for regular and technical interviews and great opportunities to visit companies and see offices and developer teams in action. It is something really interesting that hyped us to get out there and start applying for jobs!Overall, those were 10 weeks that changed my life. It changed my way of facing problems, working in teams, dealing with pressure, organize myself and gave me many tools to work as a web developer, with technologies and languages that are up to date with what the market asks.I would definitively recommend this experience for those who are ready to invest time and effort to change their careers and get into this world.Read Less",ironhack
"At some point I felt very stuck in my old job. So I decided to try to teach myself how to code in my spare time. Even though it was a lot of fun, I felt like I learned a lot I had the feeling that I was lacking some kind of mentorship. That was when I... Read More came across Ironhack Coding Bootcamp.Ironhack was an amazing experience. It’s incredible how much we learned in those 9 weeks.I basically started with very little previous knowledge about coding and learned enough to be able to change careers. I’m not going to lie, it has been the most challenging 9 weeks of my life. So prepared, it won’t be easy. But if you’re motivated and able to push yourself, you can get a lot out of it. And even though you might be frustrated or stuck, there is always somebody around to help. The staff is amazing and everybody was super nice and patient. It’s an intense experience and you most probably will feel overwhelmed by the mass of information at some point, but also we had a very supportive environment in our class.If you’re looking for a career change Ironhack is the perfect place to achieve that.Read Less",ironhack
"After a long research, I decided to join the first web dev bootcamp of Ironhack in Lisbon in March 2019. It was the best choice I could've made, not only because I had great teachers and fellow students, but also because the curriculum they offer is definitely... Read More the best among the bootcamps in Portugal. If you're searching for a life-changing experience, learning by doing and entering the job market knowing that you have learned the trendiest technologies, I highly recommend investing your time in this bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"I can highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to get there skills to the next level. I used to work as a freelancer, doing projects on the same level over and over. The WebDev-Course changed my life and I instantly got my investment in this course... Read More back. Within 2 weeks after completing the course, I got a position as a fullstack developer offered, with an above average salary and now I am part of an amazing team. Using my skills gained at Ironhack and at the same time expanding my knowledge in my every day.Read Less",ironhack
"The Web Development bootcamp at Ironhack is a very challenging yet rewarding program. I had some professional experience with front-end development before Ironhack, but was completely unfamiliar with the MERN stack. Our instructor, Niko, did a great job... Read More during the 9 weeks; answering all of our questions and helping us when we got stuck. The course is very hands-on and project oriented. You start with basic HTML/CSS and then move on to Express.js and React.js. Students build a portfolio which they later showcase to potential employers. Once you graduate, Ironhack helps you find a job with their Career Services program. Daniel Brito is the man and helps you with everything; from what to wear to the interview, to how to correctly format your resume. With his guidance and a portfolio the opportunities are endless!If you are looking to transition into technology I recommend this program!Read Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack journey was one of a kind! The Ironhack team, the teachers, and the teacher assistants provided great support and so much dedication to our success.I feel like I am now part of a new family. The classmates were very supportive of each other,... Read More we exchanged knowledge, good time and good laughs. I learned the latest technologies and frameworks, as well as web development good practices. Whether you want to change your career or pursue your web development journey, Ironhack will be your number one ally.Read Less",ironhack
"I recently completed a web dev Bootcamp in Berlin. My experience with the Bootcamp was amazing. I found the teachers, TAsa and the staff really helpful. I have learned so much in such a short period of time. I highly recommended for people who are interested... Read More in this field and looking into changing their career. (A little tip for the Bootcamp: study basic javascript, HTML, CSS as much as possible before the Bootcamp! It would really help you to learn more advanced stuff)Read Less",ironhack
"I did the full-time web development bootcamp in Berlin in October and I couldn't be happier. The curriculum is divided into three modules, each focusing on a different aspect of building a full-stack application. At the end of each module students need... Read More to present an app implementing the learnings from that module. Once the bootcamp is over, there is also a hiring week for students to meet companies looking for Jr. developers. Throughout the 9 weeks, there is a lot career development support and relevant talks about working in the tech world. Admittedly the day-to-day can get a bit overwhelming but the Ironhack staff (both teachers and other functions) are super supportive and fun, making it a lot easier to manage. Overall, the human quality of everyone around you makes you enjoy the experience even more and you gain a new family with whom you share something really special.Read Less",ironhack
"I came to Ironhack with a little previous programming experience in both Java and JavaScript, so I knew what I was getting myself into. Ironhack's tech stack (MERN - MongoDB, Express, React, NodeJS) is modern and frequently used in the industry.The staff... Read More was nice and the classroom environment was good for learning. Niko, our instructor, knows his stuff. The real difference, however was in the Career Services. Our Career Services manager, Brito, was excellent! He setup and managed the hiring fair with 20+ companies, some large and some small.Without the career services, I wouldn't be where I am today - a Front-End Web Developer at Carnival Cruise Line!A big thanks to Niko, Brito, Alex, Jess, Lisa, and every Ironhacker that made this bootcamp possible!Read Less",ironhack
"Unlike many bootcamp grads, I graduated from college with a Bachelor of Science in Web Programming and Development, and I also studied Computer Science for three years while in college. However, upon graduating, I felt like I didn't have all of the skills... Read More that I need for the real world based on what all of the job descriptions I wanted to apply for said. Because of my computer science and web dev background, I was a little skeptical of if a bootcamp would really be beneficial for me. BUT..... IT WAS THE BEST THING I COULD HAVE DONE. Ironhack's curriculum went hand-in-hand with the skills that job descriptions said I needed. I leanred the most relevant skills and technologies, and even more important, I learned how to APPLY these skills and actually built multiple projects on my own from them. This is all due to Ironhack's spot-on curriculum.My instructor, Niko, was amazing. He was approachable, engaging, and above all, extremely helpful. He knew his shit. Any problem or question we had he could figure out. Niko doesn't just want you to learn the tech skills and the coding, he wants you to enjoy it. Nothing but great things to say about him.The career advisor, Brito, was also AMAZING. You are Brito's number one priority, and he will work day and night until everyone form your class gets hired after graduation. Brito has, quite literally, hundreds upon hundreds of tech connections in South Florida. If you're in tech, he knows you. Because of this, he has the right connections to help you find that perfect job. Work hard to be top of your class and he'll be sure that when new positions open at companies, they see your name/resume first. In conclusion, if you're debating enrolling in Ironhack, DO IT. I learned so much and companies were really impressed while interviewing. I'm now an interactive developer at a kickass company.. which I was hired at one week after graduating. I couldn't have asked for a better first job, and I owe it all to Ironhack.THANK YOU IRONHACK, THANK YOU NIKO, THANK YOU BRITO!!!!!Read Less",ironhack
"I started Ironhack with very basic knowledge of web development and coding and left with a solid foundation on which I plan to continue building on. With the help of supportive staff and a well structured curriculum you will learn A LOT in two months,... Read More provided you put in the extra effort to really drill down the concepts during and after class.The course covers the most up to date technologies to ensure we learn skillsets the job market is searching for. The Placements Manager, Brito, did an excellent job preparing us for the job search and puts a lot of effort into getting students that first job after Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"Sou formado em Rádio e TV e venho querendo mudar de carreira faz tempo. Queria algo rápido e mão na massa. Um amigo desenvolvedor me deu dicas sobre como entrar na área, e ai surgiu o bootcamp da Ironhack de Web Dev. O curso foi mais do que eu esperava!!... Read More Javascript é a linguagem mais usada atualmente e por isso escolhi a Ironhack. Gostei muito do ensino, metodologia, professor e fiz muiiitos amigos.Read Less",ironhack
"My story is similar to many Ironhackers. I had a decent career prior to taking a long sabbatical to travel. I taught myself the basics of coding but breaking into the development world, as a self-taught Jr Developer, can be difficult. My time at Ironhack... Read More taught me how to polish my portfolio, create a winning LinkedIn profile and how to approach finding a job in the “real world.” It worked great! I was busy getting my development environment set up for my new job as we were trying to finish our final projects. Needless to say it was rewarding. Tiring, but rewarding. My teacher was new to teaching so I will give him a lot of slack for understanding, teaching style, preparation and professionalism. Being able to self-teach and research documentation are both important skills so learning that is critical anyhow. I’m all about self improvement and learning new skills but when it comes down to it, it’s about getting work. Ironhack delivered. As a note: The hiring network tends to be local to the school so choose a location in a market that you want to work in. The career fair that Brito put together was unbelievable. There was a feeding-frenzy of local companies (20+) looking to hire in a well orchestrated event. The companies ranged the gamut from Citrix and Royal Caribbean to small startups. Ironhack campuses are all over the world so there is bound to be a place for you to enjoy, while you get your foot in the door of the dev world. Once you get your first dvelopment job it is much easier to find another position that is in another market. Bottom line, if you do your best, know how to learn and stay focused you will both enjoy your time and end up getting work. I want to thank the whole Ironhack team and also want to thank Brito personally. He was a pleasure to work with and a HUGE help!!!Read Less",ironhack
"In October 2018, I decided to enroll in the full-time UX/UI App Design bootcamp at Ironhack with the goal of making a definite career change. This decision was so good on so many levels:The course has been extremely challenging and at the same time extremely... Read More rewarding.I've managed to deepen and broaden my UX and UI know-how. I've been very lucky with my cohort and have met exceptional human beings.We've had a load of fun with our teacher Nevan Scott and TA's Elise, JJ and Héctor.You can read more about it here: https://medium.com/@susanabinder/i-went-to-ironhack-and-all-i-got-was-not-this-lousy-t-shirt-bb7049071af5Ironhack put a lot of effort and dedication into making us feel at home, get us to learn our stuff, have fun...and finding a job.Once we finished our course, we had 1 week of career services working on LinkedIn, CV, pitch, cover letters, interviews, .....with Gemma Garriga. Really good work!And I don't lie if I say that for the 1st time in my life I feel really, like really, prepared for the next professional step I'm about to take!Read Less",ironhack
"As a designer, I wanted to boost my skills in UX design. The Bootcamp did it. It was an awesome experience. It was hard, really hard, but I learn A LOT!!! And found SUPER nice people. And the staff, Ta's and teachers are simply GREAT! Highly recommended.... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"I have a background in Software Industry. I needed to boost my career. So I wanted to have the time to work in projects to get really deep in UX-UI. The experience wasn't only successful. Ironhack also give me a really nice place, with really nice people... Read More to share during the 10 weeks of the bootcamp. I can say that's become like a home, where I could stay comfortable and grew as a professional.Read Less",ironhack
"From day one to the last, the UX/UI Bootcamp at Ironahck Barcelona succeeded my expectations, a lot. I come from a background in architecture, and I thought -no way this could be more intense than studying architecture-, but I was wrong. It was an immersive... Read More experience from the very beginning, but so rewarding after all. The teacher was splendid, the TA's were always there to help, and the best part, my classmates: people from all over the world whom I now consider my family. I finished the Bootcamp two weeks ago, and I can strongly recommend it to anyone trying to switch careers or get involved in the tech world. For me, it has been an awesome trip that is already paying back. Totally worth the experience.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack in Miami is the best Bootcramp changing my life. I learn JavaScript, React.js, Express.js, Node.js, MongoDB, HTML,HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery and i have 3 project for my portfolio. Ironhack staff they are amazing so nice and friendly every... Read More body work there they are like a familly culture and my teacher is so nice and kind his alway do his best to help me out with the part i don't understand. On career week and hiring fair is really good experience for me all the company came looking a new web devoloper they are very professional and friendly.Read Less",ironhack
"I'm ready to start working as a UX / UI Designer.Before beginning the Ironhack bootcamp, I knew precious little about UX and UI. I'd done some preliminary research on my own (thank you Coursera free online classes), and had muddled through the pre-work... Read More assignments. But I was basically a blank slate. I just wanted to learn, and begin my new career.Ironhack gave me just that. This is an INTENSE program, make no mistake about it. I often arrived early and stayed late (sometimes until 10pm) - I think that made a difference. But the entire ambiance of Ironhack encouraged me to do my absolute best and give my all - so I did. And it really, really paid off.The bootcamp starts a bit slow, with a couple theory-heavy weeks. However, everything always comes back to hands-on activities, which made it so the information you learned stayed in your head. The three projects we completed during the course of the bootcamp instilled what we'd learned again, and again, and again... I know there's still a lot to learn but I feel ready, ready in a way I would not have without Ironhack.A couple tips:- do the prework exercises. Seriously. If what you want is to get the most out of this bootcamp, this plays a HUGE role in hitting the ground running. Start off ahead of the game, not behind.- don't be afraid of staying late. This is 8 weeks of hard work with a treasure at the end ... or it can be 8 weeks of slacking off and wasting time. It is entirely what you make it.- Speak up in class. If you're confused, ask. You won't find teachers more open to questions and explanations than those at Ironhack.- Share your experiences with your peers. Everyone has different specialities coming into the program. Use your peers - and welcome their questions as well!This program is 100% worth every penny.Read Less",ironhack
I came to Ironhack with almost ZERO knowledge about web dev and I am amazed with my development in only two months. One of the most disruptive experiences in my life. I also feel like i am at home inside the school. Everyone is so warm and friendly and... Read More our teachers are amazing!!I strongly recommend this experience for anyone who intends to enter in this amazing world of technology. You'll be amazed with what you are truly capable of! :-)Read Less,ironhack
"If you are looking for a quick and efficient way to learn web development, Ironhack is a perfect place to go to. After only few weeks, you know what JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, Express, MongoDB, Mongoose and much more. You will learn to work in pairs... Read More or group and learn how to code effectively. I already had some knowledge about the taught topics prior to the bootcamp - that helped a lot as the course is really intense - but I still needed to consolidate my skills, acquire new ones and focus full-time on coding. Not only did the bootcamp match those expectations, it also allowed me to land my dream job in little more than a month since graduation and it was a great investment for my future.The facility was amazing with multiple different areas to work on projects and networking events. The staff was also always friendly and available to you at anytime. You will meet various people around you, made new friends which will turn to colleagues and a great network to top it all off.I will not deny that it will be hard and intense and even with the career fair after you still have to do your own search as you will work with the company and you need to feel comfortable with them. Do not hesitate to write to them or go for their events/meetups just to get to talk to the current students/alumnis who are always down for it.Read Less",ironhack
"I have always wanted to start a career in tech but wasn't sure how to start until I found Ironhack. After months of research, I decided to do a 9-week bookcamp in UX design at Ironhack in Miami. This program gave me the tools I needed to go out there... Read More and start searching for a job as a designer. Coming from a hospitality background It wasn't easy, It was very challenging, to the point that I felt once or twice like walking out. However, I followed through the whole program and was totally worth it. The facility was amazing, open 24 hours for students with multiple different areas to work on projects and networking events. The staff was also always friendly and available to you at anytime. If you are looking for a career change or learn more about UX or even Web Development I highly suggest considering Ironhack as your first choice.Read Less",ironhack
"About MeI worked in a tech company where I started to do basic coding (VBA). It peaked my interest, so I began learning on my own by taking courses online. I realized I loved it and needed to quit my job to learn and deep dive in it. I chose Ironhack... Read More because of the very up to date courses they have (React, Node.js). The BootcampIt is very intense but also very fulfilling! You learn a lot from 9 to 7pm for 9 weeks and even more during project weeks. If you want to do it, be prepared to dedicate 100% in it. The bootcamp is seperated in 3 modules where you have 2 weeks of lessons+exercises and 1 week of project. It is crazy what you can achieve doing in some little time!TeacherOur teacher (Nizar) was great on all aspects: very knowledgeable with great teaching skills. It was a pleasure to be in his class and he is key in the bootcamp's success.How they help you find a job?At the end of the course, there is one week of meeting with companies of all kind : startup, consulting, bigger companies,etc. It is a great first touch with people from HR and developers in the companies and a good opportunity to show your projects and settle for a next interview. Ironhack helps well to prepare for this exercise (pitch practice, CV, etc). After the bootcampAfter Ironhack, finding a job is a full-time job. You need to code everyday to keep up with what you have learned and also apply to companies, take coding tests, etc. I applied to more than 10 companies and received 2 offers. I needed also to learn extra stuff we didn't have the time to learn in class (more related to general knowledge). I got hired 1 month after. Now starts a new challenge...ConclusionIf you want to become a developer, start a company or just learn how to code and build applications, I strongly recommend Ironhack. But it also means hardworking and putting in a lot of energy during 9 weeks. But it is worth it!Read Less",ironhack
"I will be honest: joining Ironhack was the best decision in my life. After studying psychology in Madrid, I decided to join this bootcamp in Miami to guide my life towards coding. I just wanted to find a job where I could code 24/7. And, thanks to Ironhack,... Read More I found it. It really works! It does not matter your background. Nevertheless, this is not magic. You have to work, A LOT. But that's a good part too!It is a very complete bootcamp (I did the Full Time Web Development). They teach all the frontend basics (HTML, CSS and JS) and a lot of useful backend tools as well (Node.js, MongoDB, Mongoose...). Also, they focus on React, that is the top 1 technology for frontend developers. About the staff, they are really amazing! Also the building is very cool; they have free beer (that is always a plus).And, about my classmates, they were simply amazing. Being in a place for 10 hours a day with other people that share the same passion as me... that is priceless. So, in summary, Ironhack was one of the best experiences in my life. And, for sure, I would do it 100 times more if I could go back in time. And I can assure you that it works. I am right now writing this review from my office as a Frontend Developer in one of the biggest internet companies in Europe.Read Less",ironhack
"When I was looking for a way to change my career I remember reading something like ""Ironhack is a life changing experience"" in a review.3 months later this apply to me. This experience changed my life the the way I wanted to. Every expectations I had... Read More were met and even more.After 9 weeks you are able to code and build an app using the MERN stack (Mongo, Express, React and Node) and learn by yourself what will make you a good developer. And also to find a job and begin your new carreer.Everything is put in place to help you to succeed: from the main teacher (a high skilled, always helping, pedagogue and friendly guy) to the carreer manager (a high skilled, always helping and friendly woman), the working environment (a 24/7 office with an astonishing rooftop including coffee, tea, drinks, comfortable working areas ...) ...I've met a lot of interesting people, made good friends, created a large and solid network and on the top of it: found the job I dreamed about.It's hard, it's intense (you will do nothing else but learn and code) but it is worth it. Do not hesitate to go there and meet people during an event they are organizing.Read Less",ironhack
"Thanks to Ironhack, I was able to complete my skills, particularly in User Experience Design. Ui designer, this training also challenged me. A real challenge of 9 weeks surrounded by competent teachers, passionate and determined to lead us to success.... Read MoreMy class was just outstanding, creative with people from different backgrounds with very rich experiences. These 9 weeks were spent in a creative, professional, good mood and daily cares. We are all in touch today!Ironhack is one of my most fabulous experiences in my professional life. It allowed me to go further in my projects, to gain confidence in myself and to dare! Today I do not hesitate to defend my projects with customers because I fully believe that the method that Ironhack has taught us is the best.Read Less",ironhack
"If you are looking for a quick and efficient way to learn web development, Ironhack is a perfect place to go to. After only few weeks, you know what JavaScript, Node.js, React.js, Express, MongoDB, Mongoose and much more are... And you don't only learn... Read More how to code but also to work in team and work with pair programming that are also good skills to have in your future. The staff in Ironhack is nice and very helpful. You'll have a good environment to work in and for the days you're struggling, there is always someone caring and to whom you can speak. On top of it, during a bootcamp, you meet people in a very intense moment of your life. These people have the same interest than you, so you make lots of friends and you begin your professional new life with a good network. If you hesitate to enroll in Ironhack, go to meet the team and the students during an event and you will be convinced! :)Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was an excellent experience. It is very intense - I thought at first they were exaggerating or trying to scare me, but it really was very difficult to keep up with all the materials. Then again I suppose it's necessary if one really wants to... Read More become a developer in such a short time. There were many exercises but no tests - it's not like the academy. The only test is if you can find a job or not afterwards, and I'm super happy to say I found a job right away. Thanks Iroonhack. Proud and happy to be a part of your graduate community. :)Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is something that changes you forever. I know it's hard to believe it but I'll do my best to explain my point of view.I joined the full-time web development bootcamp to make a career change and it was a complete success: I went from being an... Read More engineer in another country to being a web developer in France in a matter of months!I already had some knowledge about the taught topics prior to the bootcamp - that helped a lot as the course is really intense - but I still needed to consolidate my skills, acquire new ones and focus full-time on coding.Not only did the bootcamp match those expectations, it also allowed me to land my dream job in little more than a month since graduation and it was a great investment for my future.The course structure is great and each module focuses on a key aspect: it helps keeping things that simple. Also the technical stack is modern and highly valuable in the job market; you learn JavaScript and then use it in the backend and in the frontend; I think it's a smart choice and you can have so much more practice using always the same language.If I had to highlight just one aspect of the bootcamp, it would be working on the 3 projects with other students: it really helped shaping us as developers and working with people with so diverse backgrounds - but with the same objective in life - was the greatest learning and working experience I've ever had.Thanks to the topics covered during classes, which were always engaging and featuring what you really need to know, we were able to progress really quickly. The instructors and teaching assistants were extremely helpful and they always strove to make everything as smooth as possible for all the students.Pair programming and exercises were a daily task and they allowed us to discover many topics and real life workflows in software development.However a lot of effort is required to stay on track: only passion and commitment will drive you through the 9 weeks, so be sure about your objectives and dreams. If it checks for you, then you'll be a perfect match.Also the career services were a great asset to me: I have learnt all you need in order to find the right job. We met several professionals in the sector during the whole course and the hiring fair was a blast! We met 14 companies (and some of us were hired by these very companies) in 2 days and it was the best training I could have asked for all the following interviews.However I think that the course materials (written lessons and exercises) still need some improvement: as technologies evolve so quickly, it's hard to keep all the materials up to date. I don't think that this issue was a limiting factor for the bootcamp at all but I'd like to be honest about it. Also a major revision of the contents is in progress, so I wouldn't worry too much about it. Moreover Ironhack keeps growing and evolving so it can only get better with time.On a final note, the location and the people you meet there are amazing and you'll definitely want to stick around every day.I hope this review can be useful to other people as I've tried to cover some of the topics that concerned me before joining the course. Finding out that such a short formation can bring so much value was the greatest surprise to me and I can't recommend it enough to people who are committed to changing their life.Read Less",ironhack
"I am originally from Miami but I decided to make a 180 career change from two different sectors and also get a change of scenery so I decided to do Ironhack overseas in Europe. Ironhack has been more than what I hoped it could ever be. The Spain Staff... Read More was more than welcoming and every lesson was understandable and to the point. You will stress a bit during this course but it wouldn't be a boot camp if you didn't right? more than this, they help you shift the way you think, the way you think of code logic and overall help you grow as a person. I went in as a stranger and left with a sense of family with my whole class. We still speak to this day even if I'm a sea away. I was a bit skeptical about coming back and doing the hiring week in Miami since I didn't know the Ironhack students here or the companies coming and then I had the chance to meet the business development manager (Daniel Brito) . He could have not made this transition any easier for me. Really, he was always available to answer my questions and was able to integrate me with the graduating class in Miami at ease and managed a hiring fair that was well done and fun. I had a job offer as a software engineer less than a week after that hiring week. To anyone looking to have a career in software developing or web design ... IRONHACK is where you need to be.Read Less",ironhack
"I joined Ironhacks full-time web-development program because like most students - i was looking to make a career change and saw the great reviews that ironhack had received. The experience i had certainly lived up tot the expectations i had based on the... Read More reviews. The campus is very nice - they provide food/coffe and all the necessities in dedicating 9 hours of your day 5 days a week there. The entire staff is very helpful and friendly. They also host networking/social events for students and people within the industry.The ciririculum was on point as well - broken into three sections you learn everything including JavaScript, HTML, CSS, Express, React, and various JavaScript libraries as well. They base the cirriculum on the current demands of companies who are hiring developers. Everything taught is relevant and practical.Where Ironhack excels the most is the most important part of joining an extensive program - job assistance. Daniel Brito is responsible for assisting students in the job hunt after graduation, and he goes above and beyond in doing so. In my first week he held one on ones with every student and he mentioned that if you do everything that he tells you then you will be successful in finding a job. He lived up to that promise as i was able to find a job within 2 weeks of our hiring fair. He is extremely well connected when it comes to the tech space in south florida. Our hiring fair had many reputable companies who were actively hiring. He continues to communicate and help once the hiring fair is complete. All in all - i had a fantastic experience at Ironhack, and if you are looking to be employed shortly after an extensive program, i highly recommend it.Read Less",ironhack
"I completed the UX/UI full-time program in Miami, FL in 2018. I did a lot of research, soul-searching, and self-teaching prior to the program. In general, I had a positive experience with the program, but it has its share of pros and cons, and would benefit... Read More some more than others.One of the best parts of the program is the classroom/workshop setting. It was challenging to make much progress learning on my own despite having several friends who are already experienced UX designers. The opportunity to connect with others who are also looking to break into the field, share ideas and learnings with them, and build a portfolio alongside them, was invaluable. The other is the job placement support. At the end of the program, students are able to attend a hiring fair, which is like speed-dating with companies for jobs. That in itself is an amazing opportunity for new designers. Additionally, the outcomes manager, Brito, is a fantastic resource. He is well-connected in the industry within South Florida and readily available to provide guidance with your job search. That said, if you aren't looking for a job in South Florida, then I'm not so sure that Ironhack Miami would be the best program for you -- I would definitely recommend a program that is local to wherever you want to begin your career.I also really appreciated the instructor, David Fast. He is super knowledgeable and a great mentor. I always got tons of insight whenever I had a 1:1 with him. However, even in my class of only 11 students, this was a rare and often rushed occurrence. In one instance, I was scheduled to meet with David last, and then my meeting never happened. I wished the program were better structured to allow all students an equal opportunity to meet with their instructor regularly.We also had a high churnover of TAs, and some were more helpful than others.The curriculum could also be improved. It was very high-level and theoretical -- a lot of content that we could have easily read about on our own. Sometimes we just watched a YouTube video in class -- it boggles me that I am paying tuition, commuting to class, and spending class time to watch something I could have streamed at home. I'd rather class time be spent on learning ""tricks of the trade"", things that would boost our skills and portfolio, things that we could readily transfer to the workplace. Not things that I could easily Google or watch on YouTube.The program manager, Jessica, is super personable and resourceful. I appreciated her effort to provide opportunities for us to work with real companies for our final project. Although I was very excited by the idea, ultimately I passed on the opportunity because the options available were limited and did not align with my learning or portfolio goals. I know that some of my classmates had less than positive experiences working with these companies as well. I think this is one area where, if improved, could make or break my recommendation of the program to others.Finally, I don't think this program is for everyone. I think either the interview process or the pre-work or both could be a bit more rigorous to set the right expectations. As an example, if you were to ask the Web Dev students why they enrolled in their program, 99% of the time they would say it's because they love coding. But if you asked the UX students the same question, you rarely hear that it's because they love design or product. I think Ironhack could better screen prospective students and help them be sure that this is the right step for them. I hope this review helps and provides some food for thought!Read Less",ironhack
"I was super impressed with the quality of this course. In short: very dedicated teachers, tons of support, weekly feedback surveys (where they actually take your feedback into account!), and lots of perks like networking and informational events, free... Read More beer, coffee, AWESOME people, etc. What I came in with:My background is in Linguistics and Media Design (graphic and web design), and I decided to expand on my web design skills by actually learning how to build websites. I'd had a little experience coding in HTML and CSS before I started the course, but had no programming experience and only a little knowledge of how the internet works. The bootcamp really kicked my butt!! It felt the entire time that I was not keeping up as much as I'd have liked even though I was spending every waking hour learning as much as I could (i.e.: reviewing on the trains to and from the course, staying late to finish exercises, learning on the weekends...). I found that this was a pretty common feeling for a lot of people in the course, so you build great connections and help each other along the way. It was also essential that the teachers were so dedicated and supportive. It was my first introduction to how social coding could and should be.In the end, even though a lot of the content was over my head throughout the course, I found that I'd learned enough to land the software developer job I'd had my eyes on since before the bootcamp. I'll be working in various languages, so showing my newly-gained knowledge of Javascript was enough to prove that I will be able to learn and work in other programming languages as well. Advice for anyone starting the course (especially if you have no programming experience like me!): Do yourself a favour and spend as much time as possible with the pre-work! I wish I'd spent more time with the Javascript part, it ended up being harder than I'd expected to wrap my head around the basics and I kind of ran out of time before the course started. I'd recommend even supplementing the pre-work with tutorials so that you really have a good grasp of the basics that are introduced there. There are lots of great tutorials online, free and paid, I learn really well with teamtreehouse.com for example.It's been said a lot already, but it's totally true: work hard, don't give up, trust the process, and stay curious. It's ok to feel dumb, I promise! I did for most of the course and still got the job I wanted. You can totally do it!!Read Less",ironhack
"I joined IronHack on October 22nd. Today is Jan 31st and I already have a job as software developer.Friendly IronHack staff helps you to build several skills, not only programming. Most important ones were job hunting, interviewing skills, and of course... Read More JavaScript. These 3 can easily help you to land your first job in tech. Building provides several types of coffee, amazing roof top, BEER after 5pm if you are 21+.So, for just 2 months I got what I was hunting for. I would recommend IronHack everyone who is looking for career change!Read Less",ironhack
"I did a lot of research before joining Ironhack and while there are courses out there that teach similar content and/or the information is open sourced it is not being taught by a UX professional like David Fast. He presented the information in a clear... Read More manner and incorporated examples that resonated with the class. Most importantly at Ironhack you learn by doing, so it is not just a series of lectures but actual practical tips that you can take with you after you leave the course. For the most part I truly appreciated everything I learned from the curriculum, except for the crammed week of html/css which could have been structured better. However, the Ironhack team was open to feedback and provided some additional insights into a tool that was not originally included in the curriculum.Regarding job assistance, Daniel Brito does a great job at preparing the upcoming graduates for the best career outcome. He is always one slack message away to answer questions and provide guidance. However, future students, let me be clear that Brito is there to provide guidance, not hold your hand until you find a job. It is up to the graduate to find opportunities and pursue them, but rest assured that Brito will be on your corner to help you close on that future opportunity.Overall, Ironhack was great experience and one I would highly recommend to others!Read Less",ironhack
"I first heard of Ironhack while in my uber ride and I was looking in the app to see that Uber was partnering up with Ironhack to promote a scholarship, after applying and studying a lot I got it and enrolled for the part-time UX course. It was the most... Read More challenging and awarding 24 weeks I've ever done in as a student. But the hard work was worth it. They really teach you the value of the tech field and everything that is learned in the classroom is applied in real-world scenarios. The classroom environment is a great inspiration with projects collaboration with fellow colleagues and a fantastic location to easily get a publix sub a block away. The staff is helpful and very knowledgeable about the coursework and it really builds up the fundamentals important enough to start a career with amazing support, and a job fair to really show potential recruiters what you're all about.Read Less",ironhack
"Doing the Ironhack web dev bootcamp was one of my best decisions. After only 2 months I came out knowing all the ins and outs of web development, having done 3 projects and an unforgettable experience. The hands on method they use to teach is very beneficial... Read More for learning how to code and I feel like all my time spent there was well invested. Overall I believe my 2 months at Ironhack was very well investedRead Less",ironhack
This has really been an experience of a lifetime. The teachers are great and the staff could not be better. Would not change a thing.,ironhack
"Hi! I'm Nashi and I was a graphic designer, 8 years experience. I choose Ironhack for it is great reviews from ex students I met face to face and companies that were really happy with Ironhackers in their team. The told me ""it is impressive how much Ironhackers... Read More learn in only 2-3months that they can join the company and work professionally from day 1"". I also choose Ironhack bc ""we don't have students, we have professionals that come here to grow""Barcelona Ironhack UX/UI design bootcamp it is a highly intense program. It is completly true they teach by ""learning by doing"", at day one students were starting a real project with real research at the streets talking to people and testing. Not only you learn the processes but also to present them and defend them as you would do for clients. You end up the bootcamp with 3-4 real UX/UI projects and your portfolio ready to start working. Plus a Hiring week where lots of companies interview IronhackersPlus, the experience itself it is so valuable, the program it is designed for students to teambuild and become a family and a valuable future networking to give feedback to each other to grow as professionals. You have a lead teacher (Nevan is amazing!!!) plus 3-4 teacher assistants always available to help you out. There is always extra free talks / conferences / workshops... plus presentations among other bootcamps. Ironbeers, Ironpizza, Ironbarbacue... I would recommed it to anyone!Read Less",ironhack
"I'm very glad that I turned to Ironhack when I decided to go on a career change path.Since a lot of the learning process is focused on projects, you end the bootcamp with a lot of experience on different topics.The focus on teamwork it's also a very important... Read More part of the process which provides a lot of insights and learnings that I will apply in the future.Lastly, very friendly staff and teachers, they were always there when I needed them.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack has been a real challenge. Before join Ironhack, I didn’t know much about UX/UI. After 9 weeks of intense work I am fully prepared to join the design and tech industry.",ironhack
"I joined Ironhack during the hardest time of my life, thinking that if a 9-hr per day bootcamp couldn’t push me back on my feet, nothing ever could. And boy, did it deliver. Not only in the exercise/projects sense (and workshops!), but in the support... Read More I received from a cohort I now see as family, and a staff that made a small building a second home. You gotta give it your all here, and make the most out of your experience. It is the embodiment of rebirth; you can always pick yourself back up and make a new path for yourself. Ironhack helped me do that, and I am 100% grateful.Read Less",ironhack
"I studied in Ironhack and as most people on my class thoughts Ironhack is not just a Bootcamp, it's an experience. I learned about UX UI methodologies I worked in a team group making sprints, for me is the most similar company environment. My mates were... Read More incredible, people from other countries, an international environment, other ways of thinking, different solutions. In fact, I learned also, about the background of them.I'm feeling ready to join a company and show what I'm capable to doMy suggestion is DO IT.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack Barcelona did a great overall job. From the prework, onboarding, learning during the bootcamp to career service - I can’t say I missed anything. Thank you!",ironhack
"I'm a graphic designer with over a year of experience in Ui and a little of Ux experience, I've always wanted to really focus in this last part but I thought I was lacking information, and after searching a lot I decided that Ironhack was the best option... Read More for me, at the begining I was scared because I didn’t knew if it was going to be basic for me but gladly I was wrong, the bootcamp was super compleat, demanding and intence in a good way, the teacher had a lot of experience and the vibe of my cohort was the best! Everyone was super profesional and willing to help everyone. Over all it was one of the nicest experiences I’ve ever done (and I have been everywhere trust me)Read Less",ironhack
"I've learnt a lot not only about programing but also in a personal way. People here are incredible. It was quite hard but it was worth it. Staff, Lead Teacher and Tas were amazing.Ironhack's bootcamp Bcn has been an amazing experience for me. I'll be... Read More always thankful to Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack's curriculum, staff, and conducive learning environment helped me understand the ins-and-outs of web development. Not only is the program structured in a fun, interesting way, the hands-on approach was extremely beneficial to my understanding... Read More of web development. Leaving Ironhack with 3 projects to show potential employers, amazing job support assistance, and a new confidence, I am sure joining Ironhack was the right move for me professionally.As a career changer, the thought of starting over and leaving my job was a scary thought, but now I am ready to begin my journey as a web developer and continue my lifelong journey of learning.Read Less",ironhack
"I was a full-time student for the Full-Stack Web Development Cohort that graduated Dec 18, 2018. I had an AMAZING experience with Ironhack Miami. To give you an idea of how the class is structured, Week 1 and 2: FRONTEND: learn JS, HTML, CSS, jQuery,... Read More DOM Manipulation, Canvas. Week 3: Use those skills to create a game application, present at end of the week. Week 4 and 5: BACKEND: learn Node.js and Express, amongst numerous other topics. Week 6: Use those skills to create a full-stack application, present at the end of the week. Week 7: Learn React.js. Week 8 and 9: Create a Full-Stack MERN application, present at the end of Week 9. All non-project weeks are pretty much structured the same: Topic 1 lecture in the morning, then a paired lab. Topic 2 lecture in the afternoon, then a solo lab. The class was structured to have one lead instructor and 2 TAs. While this might sound similar to other bootcamps you've researched, I would like to point out the ""stand outs"" that make Ironhack Miami unique, which are the reasons why I ultimately chose it instead of other bootcamps I looked at:1. Career Services: I can pretty much guarantee you will not find another bootcamp with a Career Services Manager like Daniel Brito. Not only is he incredibly well connected and great at creating partnerships with the school and local companies, but he is SO resourceful and involved. He typically lectured once a week to the class for an hour, and once you graduate the meetings get more frequent and more specialized to each student and their current job situation. I've been a working professional for 10 years and Brito still had great LinkedIn, Resume and Career advise to offer that I had never heard. While Brito is not the ONLY benefit to joining Ironhack, he is the most impactful benefit, hands down.2. Pre-Work: This was the second most beneficial part of Ironhack for me. Other bootcamps I looked at did not require pre-work, but this was by far the difference that made me not completely lost when I started school. While the pre-work was VERY hard for me, as I was a career changer and not used to the terminology, the technologies or anything, the pre-work was SO helpful because it . forced me to familiarize myself with all of this BEFORE class started. If there had no been . pre-work, I don't think I would have been nearly as successful in the class as I was.3. Building.co: this is the building Ironhack is located in. Some great features to note about it that were super helpful being a student- 24 hour access to the building, via secured access, unlimited free granola bars, unlimited free coffee (of ANY type), unlimited beer on draft starting at 5 PM, cool kitchen/outdoor space with picnic tables and corn hole to relax and take breaks. Building.co is a co-working space so there are a lot of tech people who have desks there to work, which is ideal for networking as a tech student. 4. Guest speakers: tech speakers were brought in typically once every 2 weeks to talk to the class. This was helpful for networking purposes, but also for insight into the industry, what people do, what they are looking for, etc.5. Lisa - the Growth Manger, was always great about hosting industry events at Building.co and in the area for students to attend with Miami tech industry people. This, again, was great for networking and more exposure to the industry.6. The curriculum was well thought out and offers a lot of resources for you to have outside of class. If you pay attention in class, then go back and read all of the lectures, you will get the most benefits. Now that I am out of school and interviewing, I realize how many of the interview questions/vocab were in our lesson plans, I just never read them during class. READ THE LECTURES!!! They are super helpful!!7. Lastly, the overall atmosphere created by the Ironhack Team is truly incredible. It is such a family/friend atmosphere where you work super hard, pull intense all nighters, but there is a sense of ""we are in this together"" and ""we are here for you"" which makes the whole process more fun and enjoyable.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is not just a bootcamp, it's an experience. Everything you learn is essential to develop yourself as a person and as a worker beyond the knowledge itself.I am very happy to have done the bootcamp and I recommend it to everyone.",ironhack
"I learned about Ironhack through Uber, there was a scholarship opening and I applied, started researching about this place, and actually went to the campus. The process ended and I won a partial scholarship to go to the UX / UI course. After this I started... Read More going to events, everyone was super inviting and they hosted a lot of these events that were really interesting. The course is 2 months intensive bootcamp, took me about 8 months to prepare for this, save some money because working through the camp is really hard. Have to say I was blown away. The content, classes, staff, everything is up there. The teacher is David Fast and he is incredible. He's a humble guy with a lot to offer. He knows that he doesn't know all the answers, and if he doesn't he will surely get back to you with the answer. The process they teach is the process many up to date companies are using and the tools they teach are what you will be using in the job market. Jessica, who is the program manager, is super reachable, she is mostly in and always has the time to meet you if you have the need.After finishing all of the program they assist you on getting a job, from the how to the tracking and even putting a good word for you in companies all around South Florida. Daniel Brito is in charge of this, and if you are in the South Florida tech ecosystem you probably know him, if not, then everybody else does. He is greatly connected and does a great job in helping every student in this important task. The overall experience of this place has been perfect and would recommend it to anyone.Read Less",ironhack
"Once upon a time I saw a message on Kleiderkreisel. Kleiderkreisel wants to support women in tech and there is an opportunity to get a scholarship. To apply was my best decision, I got the full scholarship.Ironhack is the best place to learn clean coding.... Read More I enjoyed every second there. Much practice, interesting tasks and relevant content: that's what you get. But Ironhack is more than just coding. You become part of Iron-family there and get huge network of tech-interested people. We had many tech events and free time activities: you never get bored at Ironhack. Ironhack staff is very friendly, always reacts to feedback and helps wherever they can to make you experience there unforgettable and useful.Some advices for new ironhackers: use the opportunity of networking, it's very valuable. Don't panic if you feel lost at the begin, it will get better! And of course, you get what you put into it, so come with motivation and passion!You can read more about my Ironhack experience in German https://www.she-works.de/sheworks/aktuelles/ironhack-foerdern-frauen-in-deutscher-it-ein-erfahrungsbericht/2018/10/25/Read Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack Full time WebDev course in 2018.I was unhappy at my previous Career and began a research to explore other options. I looked into programming and all the job opportunities that comes with it. I started to learn by myself, but reached... Read More a point where i was not making any progress and was not able to find a job.As a Career changer, i needed to take the fastest train towards employment and started reading about Bootcamps. I decided that it was what i needed. I visited several other Bootcamps, reviewed prices, curriculum and outcomes. Ironhack seemed to be the best of all, specially after visiting the Miami Campus. Compared to the other bootcamps i visited , Ironhack was by far the most impressive. With a great space, friendly people and really good energy from students and employees.I met the Admissions Manager, and he was incredibly friendly and attentive, answered all my questions and guided me through the process of making the final decision.Before being able to enroll, you need to pass a in-person coding Challenge that is fairly easy, if you study online prior to the challenge. I passed the test and started the bootcamp.The main Instructor was very knowledgeable and the classes are very fast paced, so you really have to dedicate yourself to it if you want to actually learn and make it through.The TA's are very helpful with your process of learning and understanding the problems that you will face. (usually the TA's are former students that didn't find a job and start working with Ironhack while looking for more opportunities; Pretty awesome help, feels like a safety net for some people).The Curriculum is packed with huge amounts of information and you need to apply yourself to learn more everyday. Again, i cant stress this enough, Ironhack is an INCREDIBLE place to learn and grow as a professional, but if you dont apply yourself, i dont think its gonna work.At the end of the Cohort, i had 3 big projects to show to possible employers with the most required technologies in the job market right now. The Job Placement experience has been hard BUT the Manager that takes care of it is incredibly helpful and goes above and beyond to give you the best opportunities at all times (at least thats how i feel about it). Even though it might seem strange to be able to learn so much in so little time, The Ironhack experience was one of the toughest and most rewarding things i did in my life and i truly believe that i chose the best bootcamp possible; Not only on the Student/Curriculum perspective , but also with all the networking, interview preparation and real world experiences that they train their students for.If you are looking for a bootcamp that will take you from 0 to hero, this is the place.Read Less",ironhack
I would say that the course is very hands on. I was amazed by everything I learned in such a short period of time. The instructors were very helpful. They were really good at helping me with any problems I ran into while doing the assignments. All my... Read More classmates were awesome as well. I got to meet some amazing and humble people from different places. Everyone one was very encouraging. It definitely felt like you had people in your corner.Read Less,ironhack
"This boot camp was the most amazing experience of my professional life!I went from psychology student to junior web developer in less than 3 months. Also, I found a job before the end of the boot camp. Pretty cool, right? ;)Just be prepared to work a... Read More lot and don't count the hours spent at school.I highly recommend anyone interested in programming to attend the boot camp. Be prepared to go out of your comfort zone and to be a new person in 9 weeks!Read Less",ironhack
"This boot camp was the most amazing experience of my professional life!I went from psychology student to junior web developer in less than 3 months. Also, I found a job before the end of the boot camp. Pretty cool, right? ;)Just be prepared to work a... Read More lot and don't count the hours spent at school.I highly recommend anyone interested in programming to attend the boot camp. Be prepared to go out of your comfort zone and to be a new person in 9 weeks!Read Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack bootcamp transformed me and my classmates into coders ready for the job market in only 9 weeks. Of course it took at lot of intense work, but with the help from the teachers you can learn so much. The best part is that now I know how to learn... Read More and I feel I can take on other technologies if a job opportunity demands it. I'm super happy I did the Iroonhack bootcamp to transition my career.Read Less",ironhack
"With Ironhack I've been given the tools to make a radical career change and in less than 30 days after my graduation, I'm on the verge of securing a job as a Full Stack web developer in a great company.It is intense, and it demands everything you've got,... Read More so be prepared for hard working days and nights.Like everything in life, Ironhack will give you results corresponding to the effort you put in. if you really dedicate yourself and come as previously prepared as possible, you will be able to come out with enough technical and working methodologies to land a job in the sector. Yes, everything they teach is available online, but what I learned here in 9 weeks would have easily taken me more than 1 year by myself, and probably would have left important chunks of information out.The campus is great, the people are very accommodating and dedicated to helping you reach your goals. The hiring support is awesome, they not only teach you to code, but they teach you about the industry, negotiation skills, LinkedIn profiles, CV, interviews and you get to meet a lot of companies looking for developers in the hiring week.If you are interested in pursuing a career change and if you are truly passionate about learning and programming, I would advise you a 100% to do this bootcamp. And come prepared to learn some high-level ping pong !!Read Less",ironhack
"I was looking for a new stage in my career. Ironhack gave me the tools, the perspective, the knowledge and the support needed to enter a completely new field. And hopefully, I will be starting a new path, where I have a lot of experience on one side,... Read More and the sufficient knowledge and support to be able to contribute in one of the most promising careers in the following years.Read Less",ironhack
I took my decision because of the branding Ironhack has. But I affirm it was a good decision based on the results I obtained from the bootcamp I took. The best experience I have had in my life.,ironhack
"Entré en Ironhack casi por casualidad y tras 9 semanas intensas puedo afirmar que ha sido una de las mejores casualidades de mi vida. Andaba buscando una buena opción para introducirme en el mundo de la programación cuando saltó un pop up en Wallapop... Read More que hablaba de unas becas para estudiar Web development en Ironhack. Y para allí que me fui, sin ningún background en el sector pero con muchas ganas de aprender.Ahora hace tan sólo unas pocas semanas que terminé y echando la vista atrás todavía se me dibuja una sonrisa en la cara. He aprendido, me he divertido y también he sufrido, pero todo tiene su recompensa: Tan sólo una semana después de la hiring week tuve mi primera entrevista con una de las empresas asistentes y en breve empezaré a trabajar con ellos.Si estás buscando un cambio en tu carrera o quieres mejorar tus conocimientos, te recomiendo 100% este bootcamp. No es fácil, pero es factible, tan sólo es necesario estar dispuesto a trabajar duro durante los dos meses que dura el bootcamp y de verdad que vale la pena.Read Less",ironhack
"In life nothing happens by chance! Fate allowed me to participate and win the scholarship to join Ironhack Paris:-)A real opportunity, me who absolutely wanted to convert to UX-UI Design... after 8 years in communication, I wanted to acquire new skills... Read More and launch a new career! Ironhack Paris was the ""real experience"" that changed my life! Indeed, I just got a CDI in a great StartUp :-) The bootcamp was really great on all levels: atmospheres, classes, teachers, case studies, speakers... It was super intense, it took a lot of personal investment but it was really worth it! I laughed a lot, cried, exchanged, shared and drank beers on this magnificent rooftop with a view of the Effeil Tower! After the last major presentation for the final project, after graduation, it was necessary to find work. Ironhack helps you and supports you in this job search preparation: resume, pitch, portfolio and many other tips... then it's up to you! I didn't want to believe it until I got the job of my dreams but finally after 3 months, I found it:-) So what can I say if it is not a big and immense thank you to the whole Ironhack Paris team!!!! I will never forget this experience and invite you to live it too if you feel like it!Read Less",ironhack
When I started the program I really had no expectations but as we moved forward I was really surprised by the level of excellence Ironhack provides through the material and instructors. Not only that but after the program is completed they have an excellent... Read More support system to help you find a job. If you are looking for a career change or start a new one I really cannot think of a better place to go. I highly recommend Ironhack!Read Less,ironhack
"I was a solid skeptic coming into the course and, of course, wanted that ""bang for my buck"", but I could not have been happier with my experience. In short, I achieved every goal I had coming into the course and I got an even richer experience coming... Read More out of it. The bootcamp helped me solidify my UX/UI skills &amp; interests while giving me the platform (and confidence) to pursue UX/UI design in a more than successful manner. Most importantly, the culture that they provided (from admin to instructors to TA) was an invaluable asset to the entire experience. I thought some reviews were corny when they mentioned a ""family-like vibe"" before I entered the course, but no joke, it organically came about that way and was the magic to the whole thing. I've met some truly special people and developed meaningful connections.I felt a little lost in what I wanted to do before I came in to the course (having exhausted all kind of jobs in all kinds of industries) and always felt stuck in my potential, but the bootcamp changed my life and gave me back my confidence in my personal &amp; professional skills while giving me the networks &amp; resources needed to really pursue a career and not just a job. It was intense, but so worth every penny &amp; minute spent. Also keep in mind that the course is here to help you, NOT do it all for you. This is an important read: bit.ly/ironhackuxuiPros:- Instructor (X1000): Nevan made the entire difference because of his experience &amp; character. The material was so digestible and interesting. His direction &amp; guidance was priceless.- Teacher assistants: telling of the course &amp; instructor to have these individuals as the TA. They were relatable, but still way more knowledgeable to help us along the way- constant events: Ironhack constantly holds professional events, grabbing the industry and its networks in through the doors. The topics are always relevant &amp; networking it great- material &amp; projects: what can I say? I'm super proud to have the projects on my portfolio and have received delightful feedback from industry professionals on the scope of the project - tuition well spent (investing back in the students): You're always going to feel like you're spending a lot on whichever bootcamp you sign up for, but I always felt like I got more than what I expected. They often will have events that have free snacks &amp; beverages (free filtered water!!!) for the students and you can tell that part of the tuition is really kept for the students- friendly atmosphere: any staff member is always helpful &amp; cheery. It was never stiff walking into the office or talking to at admin staff- location: you're in the center of the tech neighborhoods (10 min walk away from the tech hub in BCN) and in the middle of really great coffee shopsCons:- some students got lazy towards the end which was a bit distracting but not really Ironhack's fault- can't think of anything elseRead Less",ironhack
"Pros:- Very good experience. Teachers, TA and all the staff are helping you.- Very hard job but very satisfied.- People take cares of you.- Very helpfull to find job.Cons:- 1 to 1 must be anonimous.",ironhack
I am still amazing of all you can learn in only 9 months. It's not easy but you have a great support and help of all the staff and teachers in every moment.,ironhack
"The course was a very intense but rewarding experience. Not only did I learn a lot of new things that I had the oppotunity to put into practice by building three fun projects, but Ironhack also plans and makes events that allows you to get to know people... Read More outside classes.Read Less",ironhack
"Highly recommended! Super nice staff, cool events, interesting workshops and the best teachers. I learned a lot and had a lot of fun too!",ironhack
"La experiencia en Ironhack ha sido realmente buena, tanto a nivel personal como profesional. La implicación tanto de profesores como del staff es muy elevada, se nota que les preocupa cómo te sientes durante todo el bootcamp. La dureza e intensidad del... Read More curso se ve compensada con todas las actividades que se realizan dentro del campus.Me lo he pasado genial y he aprendido muchísimo!Read Less",ironhack
"I studied Business Administration at university (and specialized in Digital Marketing). After spending my last 2 years working, I decided to make a change in my working life. As I was working with web design, I wanted to go a step further and be able... Read More to develop my own projects. Ironhack has given me the opportunity to learn web development in a fast and efficient way. It was two months of hard work, with many hours spent between lines of code. My life has given the turn I needed and I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to learn and improve!!Read Less",ironhack
"This bootcamp have prepared me to start working as a UX Designer. In two months I've learn so much, they really give you the resources and methodologies that will allow you to stand as professional User Experience Designer. There's no miracles, so you... Read More as a student will have to make a great effort, but this will give you great satisfaction back. You alternate between team work and individual projects. Since day one your are encourage to be autonomous but is a very strong support every time you need it. They train you from the discovery to the delivery, so you end up developing complex design process individually.They assume you are doing this to go and work after, so career services have a big part on the schedule. You are creating your portfolio and learning how to present yourself in the job market. Really recommended, if you are thinking about it don't think it twice. I've get a job a month after through the hiring fair that is organized after the Bootcamp.&gt; This is important (and varies depending the cohort), I've attend the following bootcamp:UX/UI Bootcamp @Ironhack Barcelona / Aug - Oct 2018Director: Adria BaquesProgram Manager: Irene De MasCurriculum Associate: Sofía DalponteTeacher: Nevan ScottTA's: Leighton Bloomfield, Diego Zito and Elise Mateu&gt; You can have a look at the projects I've develop during the bootcamp here: alecamp.com&gt; Write me if you have further questions: alejandra@alecamp.comRead Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack experience is tough but at the end it pays out for those who are willing to put the hours down. Its a great opportunity to learn from a highly qualified industry experts and increase your exposure to the industry. If you are looking to for... Read More a carreer move, improve or learn new skills that are highly demanded by industry participants, this is the place to be.Read Less",ironhack
"I was reading about Ironhack here on switchup and reviews were already great. However, from the first day of class, my experience has been even better than expected. The WebDev course is really intense, but you can feel that there has been so much thought... Read More gone into creating the classes and defining each and every day. You will be asked to give feedback frequently, but you will understand why. Based on the feedback of all previous classes, this course has been fine-tuned to perfection over the years. If you put your mind to it and really want to jumpstart learning to code, this is the right course for you. The things you will be able to do after just 9 weeks (even after just the first week), is exactly what you need to get started in this industry. The teachers and assistants are amazing, not just in class, but also before and after. The entire staff really cares about creating the best learning environment up to a point that it doesn't feel like school anymore, but more like a second home. The course is without a question expensive (although also by far not the most expensive out there), but it's worth every cent. This is an investment that will pay back and be refinanced in the first couple of weeks. If you are interested in coding and want to work in this field, apply now. Ironhack is amazing and you will thank yourself for taking the decision! (I never write reviews, so this is purely fueled by my excitement. I hope it was helpful nevertheless!)Read Less",ironhack
"I think that my experience in Ironhack has been ine of the most amazing experience in my life. I've learn a lot not only about coding, but also about myself. The staff is amazing, the mood too. It's like a big family.",ironhack
"You learn a lot! the team is amazing, always trying to help you and to know your opinion. You feel part of the team, the family!",ironhack
"Ironhack is the land of opportunity. An opportunity to learn a high-paying, technical skill in 9 weeks and get a job doing what you love. This opportunity, however, is only available to those who are willing to put in the work. Ironhack is a great place... Read More to network because they not only host meetup events, but also let the students know the best events going on each week. Also, every week there is a different person that is currently working in the field that comes in as a guest speaker. Brito is the ""Placements Manager"" and I've yet to see anyone more passionate about matching students with carreers. Brito is often found running around the school creating/maintaining contacts for carreer fairs to ensure every student has the maximum chance of successful job placement. He is a core component to student success with unmatched connections in the Miami tech industry and is highly regarded and respected. Brito always maintains a level of approachbility and availablity and is 100% committed to matching up students with the correct potential employers. Students normally interact with Brito near graduation time as he interviews every student and forms a relationship and pairs student traits to the best matching employers. He clearly takes great pride in his success rate in matching students to carreers and truly enjoys his role in student's success. That being said It is a very fast paced course, so come in prepared &amp; stay organized. You get what you put into it.Read Less",ironhack
"There are a lot of pros to attending this boot camp. Some of these are:- Nice campus- Solid curriculum that is being adjusted to meet industry expectations- Staff that is knowledgable in the field- Technical assistants that go the extra mile to assist... Read More the students- Flexibility of the staff to learn during the process, knowing that the whole bootcamp structure is new and needs tweaking- A big community/circle of alumni- Growing tech scene in Barcelona that values Ironhackers- If you are ready, then this place will be your home away from home while you're at the bootcamp...and afterSome cons to consider:- This is a bootcamp, and even thought the teachers and assistants are dedicated to help you understand how to code, they are not trained teachers. Be ready to self-organise, and adjust your learning style- The number of students is growing, and the campus is going through some teething issues. I hope they are getting fixedRead Less",ironhack
I learn javascript by myself at my job and when I came to ironhack I was looking to solidify my knowledge and expand them . I also wanted to work as a full stack developer. I'm really happy because I was abel to achieve my goals in very short period of... Read More timeRead Less,ironhack
Maybe what I recall the most from my experience is the deep and painful suffering that is necessary to do everything that is required during the bootcamp. But it is worthwhile. I loved it.,ironhack
"I’ve just finished the fulltime Web Bootcamp in Ironhack Madrid and It has fulfilled my expectations.I think that everything is designed and planned so that the students can get the most out of the time invested.From my point of view, some of the points... Read More that make Ironhack a success bootcamp, are the following ones:- The methodology, where everything is being learned is put into practice from the very first minute.- The quality of teachers.- The attention given to the content because students learn the most updated and recent technology.- The care with which the didactic units are elaborated.- The quality of the proposed exercises- The seriousness with which they are faced with the professional future of students.For all this and the fact of being able to achieve it in a record time (two months) I think it is an excellent training.Read Less",ironhack
"I've just finished the fulltime UX/UI bootcamp in Ironhack Madrid and I can say that I am more than happy of having applied to this course.I used to work as a lawyer but I wasn't satisfied at all with my career. I have always been interested in psychology... Read More and design and I needed a fresh start, and Ironhack was what I was looking for.I am so amazed of what I have achieved in this two months and the best thing about it is that it is just the beginning.It doesn't matter if you do not have a tech or design background, the only requirement is to be ready to learn a lot of stuff (maybe more than what you can absorb).If you are considering whether to apply to this bootcamp, do not hesitate and take the jump!Read Less",ironhack
"I have learn so much in such a short time! The teacher was the best I had in my life, so prepared and his explanations were very professional, always adapting to our needs.The school is very modern and clean, they provide you with all the material (except... Read More for the Mac).The bootcamp is very intense, if you can get support from your family it will be very helpful.Read Less",ironhack
"I had a wonderful experience in the UX UI Bootcamp in Ironhack Madrid. I´ve made 3 diferrent proyects, one in group and two on my own. I think that everyone that is interested in UX and UI should take this course, because you learn all the important things... Read More to make a complete Ux and UI proyect, starting with the interviews to possible costumers ending with a high fidelity prototype. All the people who work in Ironhack are great professionals. I recomend it to everyone!Read Less",ironhack
"I’ve never thought it was possible to learn so much in 9 weeks. I attended Ironhack’s bootcamp this Summer, with the motivation of changing careers but honestly wasn’t sure if I would actually be able to do so. During the bootcamp the school’s teachers... Read More and staff were so supporting that it made it easier for me to remain focused on my projects and deliver my best work. I’m very happy with my choice and I recommend Ironhack to anyone looking forward to acquiring new skills and achieve a fast change of paths in their careers.Read Less",ironhack
"The experience you live at the Ironhack bootcamp is incredible. I learnt more in these 2 months than in 4 years of university. The teachers where really nice one were able to transmit their knowledge really well in a very short period of time. Plus, I... Read More now have an incredible group of friends who have made this experience wonderful.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack exceeded all my expectations. The curriculum is extremely up to date. We learned the MERN stack (Mongo, Express, React, Node). We worked on 3 portfolio projects (a videogame, a full stack app with a partner, and a full stack app in React on our... Read More own). Our main teacher Hector Bliss has worked with Google, and is a fantastic communicator and coder (he's quite a funny personality too). The other TA's were very helpful and knowledgeable as well. The pace was definitely more intense than I expected. Even having a Computer Science minor in university I still felt challenged by the material (which I loved!). You have to be ready to devote all your energy to this (up to 10hrs a day). However, this is what makes the experience so valuable.The management team is super professional. Julian (the regional manager) is a native of Silicon Valley and has worked with many startups when he served as Global Entrepreneur Program manager at IBM. Anahí was on top of every situation and always willing to help and listen to us. The program is very well organized. I feel like there is a shortage of React developers here in Mexico, so job opportunities are abundant now. I validated that this week in our Hiring Week, having over 20 interviews with top notch startups and Fortune 500 companies. I am excited about the following months too where I will be have someone looking over my shoulder (Rocío the Outcomes manager) as I apply to jobs. This level of accountability is useful to me. I would recommend Ironhack to everyone who has the guts to take it on.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is a web developing coding bootcamp that is worth its price.In this bootcamp you will learn all the fundamentals of html, css, Javascript, learn Front-end &amp; Back-end, MongoDB, Express.JS, React.Js, Node.js, jQuery, Handlebars.The most valuable... Read More lessson that i got was that i can learn anything that i want in a vary short amount of time!Read Less",ironhack
"La experiencia, en este bootcamp es increible, el aprendizaje es muy rapido y retador, pero con muchos beneficios, el staff es increible, muy buena comunicación, el programa de estudio es increible y sobre todo el lead teacher un gran profesor Hector... Read More Bliss.Ironhack muy recomendable un gran Bootcamp y vale la pena la experiencia.Read Less",ironhack
"El profesor Héctor Bliss es la mejor en CDMX. Lo pueden conecer un poco más si buscan su empresa Fixtergeek. Él tiene vídeos educativos en Youtube. Aunque nadie se convierte a profesional en 9 semanas, sí se puede aprender sobre lo que utilizan los desarrolladores... Read More profesionales. Este curso me ha dado los ejemplos de proyectos MERN stack. La marca Ironhack está conocida en la ciudad y me ha ayudado un chingo conseguir varias entrevistas.Read Less",ironhack
"Tienen un gran programa de estudios, los profesores saben muchísimo sobre todas las tecnologías, increíble el apoyo que recibes de todos los integrantes de Ironhack y de exalumnos.Yo no sabía nada de programación antes de entrar y ahora soy Full-Stack... Read More Web Developer en tan solo 9 semanas.Read Less",ironhack
"Me pareció interesante, con una diversidad de perfiles, lo que me hubiera agradado es haber conocido a todos los partner.Sólo me quejo de Vista Latinoamericana me comentaban que no querían que me aburriera en el puesto vacante que tenían que era hacer... Read More llamadas y apoyar ticket con los clieentes, por lo que veo los comentarios de ellos es que en lugar de comentar no me interesa el perfil, este punto no ha sido de mi agrado.Fuera de eso me pareció bien, un gran apoyo.Read Less",ironhack
"La calidad de los profesores como los maestros asistentes son excepcionales, conocer gente que tiene intereses en común es lo mejor de esto, ademas que cuentan con empresas que te entrevistan para trabajo justo después de terminar el bootcamp",ironhack
I finally found a school where I can understand from the beginning to the end how an app works,ironhack
"Had a great experience at IronHack. Professors, TA's and staff where all supportive through the process. You're come together with great people to learn difficult content in a short period of time, truly thankful for the experience.",ironhack
I was stuck working as a UI designer and I came here to learn how to design thinking around the user and not for other designers.But all the people I have met here and all the things I have learned made it one of the best experiences of my life.,ironhack
"I wanted to turn my life around because I always liked design, but maybe out of fear I did not do it before ... until I luckily got into ironhack. My life has changed in two months, its methodology and way of teaching makes you go from 0 to 100 in a record... Read More time. I recommend it without any doubt.Read Less",ironhack
"I'am a senior student of Computer Engineering Degree but I'was feeling like something was missing in my academic program. I had no contact with the current technologies!Due to this when i heard about Ironhack I knew that was what I needed to complete... Read More my education, and I was completely right! From day one the atmosphere was amazing, the lead teacher was fundamental to my learning experience because of his amazing skills, but the most key elements of the Ironhack experience was the TA's, they are Alumni that supports you during your bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"I came to Ironhack to look for a job. I knew I loved programming because I studied Engineering and had learnt programming by myself, but never web development. I wanted to learn in 9 weeks somwthing I would take months learning by myself. It was a really... Read More fun experience and I got a great job after.I recomend Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
It is amazing how much I learnt in Ironhack. It has gave us a set of tools to build digital web products by ourselves . I recommend Ironhack 100%. Great studying environment and great staff. I joined Ironhack to improve my employment opportunities as... Read More I was unemployed.Read Less,ironhack
"When I heard about Ironhack on September 2017 I had no idea that it going to be my school and my future. I was music teacher and I always though that my life was linking with the education. But my life change in a blink of an eye and I decided to look... Read More for a new chance in a world with more professional opportunities. And for this reason I studied at Ironhack. I had no technology background but I had a big desire to improve and to be a good developer. During the bootcamp, Little by little I was grew and was able to overcome challenges I never thought I would. All of this was possible with the enormous support of Teacher Assistants, my colleges and friends. Without them this bootcamp had been very difficult.Read Less",ironhack
"This bootcamp has been a total change of life for me. A totally new way of learning, new possibilities, new way of thinking, new disciplines... It's a big challenge, but I would absolutely repeat it. The quality of this teaching is uncompareable. I had... Read More no coding experience, I worked in biomedical research. I was just looking a little approach to coding, I found a totally new style of life.Read Less",ironhack
"I had no coding experience, I had studied psychology and worked as a technician assistant. The bootcamp was very intense and very enrichingMy learning curve was verticle upwards, I started from 0 and now I'm amazed of what I know.Ironhack simulates perfectly... Read More the really working environment of a programmer. You working in teams with the real tools companies use, you resolve problems and really it's like a virtual profesional atmosphere. When we visited Tuenti, a big Spanish company I was amazed that I understood what they were talking to me about, I could see myself working there as a programmer. Ironhack doesn't teach you to code, it teaches you to be a developer.Ironhack helps you discover if you really want to work as a developer or not, and after the bootcamp I can definetly say I will work as a coder.Read Less",ironhack
"I want to talk about my last 9 weeks. I came to Ironhack without any background and after completing the bootcamp I feel really impressed of how much I learnt. The support and facilities are amazing and also the level of the teachers. My fully recommendation... Read More Ironhack to everyone, not only professionals that are looking for renew their skills, but also to people trying to find new challenges.Read Less",ironhack
"Thank you, thank you Ironhack! I've learnt so much since starting in June of this year, and I'm very grateful for the help I got from not only the lead teacher and TA's, but the whole staff. Before finishing the bootcamp, I got offered the opportunity... Read More to become a TA,which I gladly accepted. The knowledge I acquired during those 4 months have helped me get a job I love super fast!It's hard, and there will be times you want to cry and just drop out, but you just need to keep going because it truly is the best experience.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is a great way to start a career in web development, there is a lot of training and bunch of challenges! don't even think about it, don't even trip bro!",ironhack
At Ironhack their goal is to teach everyone from the basics and the core concepts of programming and build up from there to provide you a very well-rounded education and incentivize you to keep learning on your own!,ironhack
"I have been always motivated to learn new things, and thanks to Ironhack I integrated all my previous knowledge in a powerful way, creating 3 different projects and enjoying everything about the experience. People here are amazing and always disposed... Read More to help you during the process.100% recommendableRead Less",ironhack
"I was a waiter before doing Ironhack,I had no coding experience and after two months I can transform my ideas into web apps. One of my biggest achievements here is reaching the level I wanted to reach as a developer. My learning curve was exponential... Read More and I'm proud to say that I'm a full stack developer. I met amazing people, amazing teachers and TA's, I leave Ironhack with great friends. We were always helping each other in class. I loved doing my third project with a friend.I recommend Ironhack to anyone who is looking to change career!Read Less",ironhack
"I recently attended the Web Development course in Madrid of 9 weeks as I wanted to make a career change. 9 weeks later and I have graduated and with an amazing final project done. Do not be mistaken, at times it can be very hard, and emotionally draining,... Read More but nobody finds it easy and if you push on then you come out the other side ecstatic. It was worrying to leave my job to do this, but I am very happy to have done it.Read Less",ironhack
"Coming from university, Ironhack has exceeded all my expectations. It’s everything I was looking for, because Ironhack gave me everything to be prepared for a job in programming.Teacher Assistants are great and everyone from my bootcamp was awesome, we... Read More learnt from each other a lot!I recommend Ironhack to everyone! Not only to tech-enthusiast but also to people who are looking to change career or looking to boost it!Read Less",ironhack
Ironhack was the way to change my life and to be able to learn in a totally different way than usual. They make you feel that you belong to a big family and all your colleagues are there to help you. After finishing the bootcamp I realized everything... Read More I had learned and that I was ready to enter a company with the guarantee that I would do well.Read Less,ironhack
"During my search to start my trip to learn about the virtual area, Ironhack was the best option, in which they taught me my skills and abilities to create, materialize and solve problems through a coordinated effort with teachers, who throughout the process... Read More are accompanying you and sharing your achievements.Without a doubt, the best journey I have lived and from which I have learned a lot during these six months, generating a gratitude and respect for those who accompanied during my study, and those people who with a smile and their kind words helped in the processes administrative.Read Less",ironhack
"One of the most amazing experiences of all, being part of a great community around the world and being wrapped by their sense of community and values it's not just the learning part they really make you feel like part of it and it's worldwide !!!! JUST... Read More AMAZINGRead Less",ironhack
"I graduated in October 2018 and it exceeded my expectations! I worked as a HR manager in my ""previous"" life, but wanted to follow the technology trends and not become a 'technosaur'. The Ironhack community is amazing and it manages to balance both the... Read More learning and social aspects perfectly. Surely it was difficult at times, but being surrounded by a a great team of students and instructors helps a lot. I came to Ironhack without hardly any knowledge of programming and nevertheless I was offered a job only halfway through the course!Read Less",ironhack
"It was definitely the best experience, not just for all the talented people I met there, but mainly because of the school curriculum, I learned a lot, now I am able to do things I've never imagined I was capable to do. This should be Bootcamp #1",ironhack
"I recently completed the full-time Web Development course and I highly recommend it to anyone looking to expand their skills. This course has changed my lifestyle to a better one. I had never thought about all the things a computer is able to do, and... Read More the only real use I gave to them before this fantastic experience were school projects at law school.At the beginning of the course, I was warned just how hard and intense this course would be. My closest friends and relatives also encouraged me to do this, and showed me the huge importance of learning technologies and how this would help me get a job, because we are currently living in a world which almost everyone work with a computer.I am impressed about everything I learned there not only coding. I had to live together with my classmates everyday asking for help, in the good times and bad times. I made many friends which I still keep in touch with them. Ironhack is a big community to be part of it definetely. I am really pleased with Ironhack in every single aspect of the course: - TA’s spend their time intensively to students no matter how long it will take - Technologies learned are completely updated to firms requisites (MEAN Stack) - Social events and speeches enrich our knowledge and appetite to learn more thingsRead Less",ironhack
"At the beginning of the course, i was warned just how hard and intense this course would be. For the seemingly short 9 weeks that i was enrolled, i learned a novels worth of information. But what some of the best things i learned were about myself. This... Read More course helped me to see areas of myself that i needed to improve on as a person and a professional. The teachers and assitants were fantastic and were ready to help. This course really helps you to develop a special relationship with your fellow classmates, seeing as everyone is going through the same intense development in life. I feel more confident about entering this profession coming from a background in hospitality with 0 experience than i ever thought i would.Read Less",ironhack
My only regret is not doing this sooner then I wished I did. This bootcamp has shifted my life to a more positive side and I have learned so much in such a small amount of time. Excited to see what the future holds for me after gaining the knowledge of... Read More great developers!Read Less,ironhack
My only regret is not doing this sooner then I wished I did. This bootcamp has shifted my life to a more positive side and I have learned so much in such a small amount of time. Excited to see what the future holds for me after gaining the knowledge of... Read More great developers!Read Less,ironhack
"I researched other coding boot-camps in the area and from reading the reviews, I gathered this would be the best choice. I also asked my friends who are computer programmers and they all agreed that this curriculum was the most up to date and the most... Read More thorough. I was worried I wouldn’t be able to keep up or that it would cover an obscure topic, but none of that was true. You do need to have some basic understanding of programming before you start. But they give you the opportunity to learn that before starting the course with the Pre-work they assigned. The curriculum is very well designed, as long as you put in the time to learn, you will do very well. I can’t believe how much we learned in 2 months. It also helped that everyone taking the course was highly motivated and we all helped each other and kept each other accountable. Overall, it was a great experience.Read Less",ironhack
"I was searching for a long time for the right school, and then I found Ironhack. They always stay up to date and I am very happy I chose this school, I was very worried for many reasons before I started. will it be to hard? will it be to easy? will we... Read More learn enough? will I manage to keep up? now that I am after graduation and I can say I am very happy with my choice! all these questions were answered in the best case scenario for me, the teachers were really awesome, I was asking many questions constantly during the class and they answered all of them with great patience. I really felt I got the most out of the time I could possibly get, it wasn't easy! it was super hard actually, but they pushed me to my limit without breaking me and I feel I learned the maximum I could in this amount of time and I learned a lot! I am very happy I chose this boot camp!Read Less",ironhack
"I attended Ironhack's full time Web Dev course in Miami from August to October of 2018 and had the time of my life.With no previous coding experience, I discovered that I had a great passion for coding and Ironhack's curriculum as well as its great instructors... Read More were able to help me turn that passion into a talent.We were also the first cohort to learn React.js as a front end programming language and they did a fairly good job adapting the new curriculum on the fly considering how new teaching the language was.Ironhack was something I grew to look forward to every morning, despite my hour long commute. I walked into a classroom of strangers in august and left being able to count every single member of my cohort as a great friend. I really loved my time here and I can't recommend Ironhack enough if you even have the slightest urge to turn coding into your career.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack it's awesome, as student in Mexico i had take another coding bootcamp before Ironhack arrived at Mexico and the result was poor compared, it's the same in the university, teachers are not ready to teach new technologies and the process to update... Read More the syllabus takes so many months.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has given me the opportunity to refocus my professional career. In just five months (from the moment I met Ironhack, going through the realization of the botcamp and ending the hiring week), my professional career has taken a 180 degree turn:... Read More from a dancer to UX Designer.I have received several job offers and I am going to start working in a company like Junior UX Designer only two weeks after finishing.Without prior experience, Ironhack has given me the tools to face the labour marcket and, what is more important, it has given me the confidence to demonstrate my potential in this sector and the desire to continue learning.Read Less",ironhack
"I recently finished the web development part-time course.I found out about Ironhack through the scholarship that Uber was granting and i was lucky enough to get a partial one, and just be able to do the course was a great opportunity.If you're thinking... Read More about whether or not you should do the course, think no more, do it. You'll learn tons of direct applicable knowledge in such a short amount of time that you'll be amazed. When you're done you'll be able to build any web app you can think of, just don't miss class and put as much effort and time as you can on this. It's worth it!Read Less",ironhack
"Thanks to the UX UI bootcamp from Ironhack I have improved a lot as a designer. I approached the world of apps a few years ago, and I started designing. I loved designing and the Ironhack experience has been a very important qualitative improvement for... Read More me.Read Less",ironhack
"About MeI worked in IT, and did some coding, but nothing past basic JavaScript. It peaked my interest, so I began learning on my own by taking courses online. I realized I needed to go about learning in a different way. I researched courses/boot camps... Read More and ran into Ironhack and decided to dive in and take it’s Full-Time Web Dev course after coming across great reviews/ratings.Expectations and Course Run DownBe ready to learn, because you’re going to learn a lot. It's a full time 9-5pm every day for 9 weeks (not including the after hours you want to put in as well) it's no joke so just prepare to fully invest the next 9 weeks into IronHack. You learn for 2 weeks and then immediately are sent off to create a project within a week - repeat again 2 more times after that. Come in prepared to learn, take in all the material, and be willing to put in the work.Help During Course Work / Curriculum (TA’s and Teacher)The instructor for our Cohort (Nick) was very knowledgeable. The only downside was that it was his first time teaching the course, so it felt like he was also learning as we were all trying to learn something too. Besides that, he was most definitely a great instructor and without his proficiency on the subject, I would not have learned as much as I did. As for the teaching assistants, all three of them were amazing (Sandra, Marcos, Ian). They were all very familiar with the coursework since they were all Ironhack graduates as well. It was extremely helpful having dedicated TA's who were former students helping us because they know the struggle so they WANT to help. There's more than enough help to go around, just make sure to ASK for it when you need it and you won't fall behind.The coursework definitely needed some tweaking on some days, our instructor Nick pushed aside what he felt was wrong and obsolete and taught it the best way he could and it definitely worked out. During the course this was one of my top issues, the curriculum for sure needed an update, but from what I have seen after my time there they are (or already have) taken the steps necessary to do so. Which means they take your feedback seriously and won't brush your input aside.Rest of Ironhack StaffSince the first day I applied and even now the staff at Ironhack hasn’t missed a beat. They have been helpful and there for me with any questions I had. They have an idea as to what they want to do with the course, and they definitely make sure that you receive the best experience possible. It doesn’t matter who you try to contact, the owner, down to the TA’s, they all respond happily and make you feel like one of them.Hiring Fair PrepFrom the first week at Ironhack, you become well acquainted with a man named Brito. Take his advice seriously if your goal is getting a job. He walks you through all the necessary steps to prepare you, such as building your resume, creating your LinkedIn, and lets you know about networking events to attend. He constantly brings in people to give speeches to you weekly. Brito is a great source for help and information so make sure you are constantly checking in with him. Along with all this prep work, you are also creating your portfolio during the course. You create 3 projects (on your own or in a small group) which showcase everything you've learned in the course from beginning to end and is the first step to the building of your portfolio.Hiring Fair EventAt the end of the course, Brito arranges companies to come to Ironhack and sit down with you for interviews. This is a valuable introduction for your first interviews. Eventually, you will be off doing interviews on your own and this hiring fair is a great way to evaluate what you did and didn't do so that ultimately you become more and more comfortable during them. Still, that doesn't mean you shouldn't take these interviews at the hiring fair seriously, definitely come prepared to nail them during the event - people DO get hired out of these. This is what you prepare for, and it helps to prepare for future interviews.Post Ironhack ExperienceAfter Ironhack, finding a job (if that is what you are there for) is the next battle. Brito is there with you every step of the way. He holds placements help meetings at Ironhack every other week and is always available for any questions you have. He guides you and reminds you that you must KEEP CODING and KEEP APPLYING. If you slack off on those two steps, the job hunt instantly becomes much harder. Take your LinkedIn, networking, and resume seriously. Do little projects on your own after the cohort, and make sure your JavaScript knowledge is fresh by doing coding challenges on HackerRank/Codewars because they will help with the technical interviews.I did not get hired immediately after Ironhack. I applied to around 300+ jobs and only got about two handfuls of phone interviews and in-person interviews. I got hired 3 and a half months after. I never stopped coding, I never stopped applying and I always kept in touch with Brito. This process in itself could feel more stressful than the boot camp, but do not quit.ConclusionYes - you learn a lot at Ironhack and are given great guidance, but no they will not hand you a job. You get everything you need from them and now it’s up to you to put in the work and land it. They are there with you every step of the way. I would 100% do it again, I put my life on hold, invested in myself, pushed through and changed my career into something I felt would be more fulfilling. So far it hasn’t disappointed one bit. Not only do you learn a lot at Ironhack, but you make tons of friends and become part of their great community.If you have any questions feel free to message me on LinkedIn and I will gladly answer them for youRead Less",ironhack
"I recently completed the part-time Web Development course, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking to expand their skills or technological knowledge base. I had an all-around wonderful learning experience. You don't need to have much computer knowledge... Read More going into it, because each class has multiple teaching assistants who will be there to help if you fall behind or are struggling to keep up. My class had 3 exceptional TA's, Manuel, Colby, and Adrian, who constantly were able to provide assistance when I ran into trouble, had bugs, or just got lost. They were always nice, patient, and willing to go the extra mile just to make sure I really understood deeply what we were learning, including coming in extra early on the weekends and spending one on one time with me in front of the whiteboard to go over each aspect of what we were learning in detail. I was really impressed with -and grateful for- each of them. I was also very impressed with the professor, Alan. He is an extremely knowledgeable person with a natural aptitude for teaching. Always patient, courteous, and welcoming of questions, feedback and taking time to ask us if we all understood or were running into any problems. What really impressed me most about Alan, is how he would take a little bit of time at the start of each class to go beyond the curriculum and to challenge us with computer science coding challenges, to prepare us to think like computer scientists, and get us ready for the types of questions we would likely see in a coding interview, and explain the different ways to approach the problems, and how to think about them in terms of time complexity or memory management. It was well beyond what I expected from a web development course, and I found these lessons particularly rewarding. Alan has a knack for breaking down complex and abstract concepts into digestible bits and getting the class comfortable enough to try and collectively attempt a solution. *Protip* Always volunteer to try and solve the problems he presents, I noticed the students brave enough to attempt these problems retained information better and walked away with a more solid understanding. If he gives you the marker, get up there and give it your best effort. Go home and research the concepts further. JUST DO IT! Get a whiteboard, for your house, and write important concepts, objectives, goals, and problem examples from class. This will force your brain to reconcile this new information on a daily basis. You will almost certainly see these types of coding challenges in job interviews, and they're abstract, and frustrating if you are not prepared.After graduation, you'll be counseled by Brito, your career counselor, who is also a very cool, down-to-earth and knowledgeable person. He has some real wisdom to share about the interviewing process, how to construct your resume, and specifically tells you to reach out to him before accepting any job offers. I am really impressed with his insight and willingness to be supportive, helpful, and make sure you land a good starting job, well after graduation. Looking back I am extremely thankful to Ironhack and humbled to have had the opportunity to study with such an awesome class. Everyone from my classmates to the teachers, to the teacher's assistants, to the career counselor have all been an absolute pleasure to deal with. Also, I was blown away by the Ux/UI students. We (the web dev class) got a chance to work with them in the hackathon (which was a totally awesome experience) and they were very impressive. I legitimately wish I could go take their class as well because they absolutely blew my mind with their systematic methodology, creativity, and organized thought processes. They were amazing. I loved working with them.  So to wrap it up, I wholeheartedly recommended Ironhacks web development course. 110%. Actively participate, ask questions, be engaged, help classmates, keep a positive attitude and this bootcamp will be a life-changing event for you as it has been for me.Read Less",ironhack
"Learning to code in 9 weeks is hard, sometimes frustrating, but it is possibleand. And Ironhack does its best to make it a nice experience.Ironhack's Web Development Bootcamp gives you the opportunity to learn the technologies needed to become a full... Read More stack developer: MongoDB, ExpressJS, ReactJS, NodeJS (the MERN stack), plus obviously Javacript (the language the MERN stack is built on), HTML5, CSS3 and frameworks like JQuery and Bootstrap.I attended the Web Development Bootcamp in Berlin in July 2018 and it was not only a journey into coding languages, but even an inner journey.Because when you are stuck on something, you need to find the way and the resources (inside and ouside yourself) to go out of it. And Ironhack team helps you in this effort.Berlin Lead Teacher, Maxence, is a very knowledgeable coder and has many years of experience in the industry. His teaching style tends to make concepts easy to understand, providing lots of example and different ways to achieve the goals for almost every coding task.But Ironhack is not only coding. Staff and teachers takes care of you all along the course and your classmates become friends and the ones who share your frustration, happiness and some nice events like week-end parties!Ironhack provides also weekly talks from real coders, CTO, project managers from local startups and bigger companies, or from freelancers. And the final career week (scheduled meetings with companies that are hiring) is a great opportunity to get in touch with real companies and start looking for a job.Ironahck's Web Development Bootcamp is not an easy trip. It is an intense and fast-paced course into the world coding, but, if you have the right attitude and you put into it long hours of hard work, it will be very rewarding and can really change your life.Read Less",ironhack
"There are life changing, self changing and thought changing experiences. If you're looking for a change in your life, Ironhack is the perfect place to do so.I went to Ironhack not knowing what I was getting into. I was told it was like getting into a... Read More roller coaster and I didn't understand it until I was already in it.You start each day blind, without any knowledge of how it'll end. You can be at the top of the roller coaster or in free fall, afraid for what's next. It's a must have adventure, that's for sure, there's no living the same experience anywhere else. That feeling of self-development you get after you finish Ironhack and see the HUGE adventure you've just went through and it's results. Everyone should do it.It's like a little sect you don't want to get out of, even though you've just finished a course there is always something more to do, to learn, some new student to help and guide into his adventure. Ironhack is forever.Tell me something and I might forget it. Teach me something and I'll remember it. Involve me and I'll learn it Ironhack style.By: www.linkedin.com/in/aroaambroaRead Less",ironhack
"Ironhack it's a really great place to learn web development, I did the full-time course on June 2018, and I totally recommend it. But actually it's pretty necesary to do all the prework they sent you, otherwise you're gonna be totally lost from the very... Read More 1st day.The main issue is that you have to left everything behind for 2 months to attend the course, but it's totally worth it. I've learnt a lot, and also, the environment of the campus is excellent. You have a lot of Assistant Teachers, and one Lead Teacher that will help you in order to help you to understand all learning units. I had also an staff team who where always helpful, specially in order to prepare you for the hiring week.If I had to make a list of pros and cons it would be:PROS: - Learn a lot of programming- Great environment- Help with work placement- Learn actual technologiesCONS:- It's hard, you learn a lot, but you have to make a great effort- I'd like to have an online course optionRead Less",ironhack
"The best thing of all is the teachers. Our Lead Teacher Fabio is an amazing designer and connect very well with all of the students, he always goes beyond the learning units and sharing with us his experience and work. The support of the TAs is one of... Read More the keys of the bootcamp, they have all the knowledge and experience necessary to help us, together they create the perfect environment. Additionally, everyone involved in Ironhack are amazing, you have the opportunity to connect with all kinds of people and learn from everyone. I finish my experience growing up not only professional also personal.Read Less",ironhack
The best bootcamp to become a ux / ui designer. Provide all the tools to achieve a career change and you can enter the labor field.,ironhack
"If you have gone to college you will have noticed that when you finish it and go out into the real world you are more or less prepared just like you started it. That's why I would recommended the Ironhack Bootcamp, here you will be absolutely prepared.... Read MoreI just finished the UX / UI course and it has been one of the best experiences in terms of teaching and learning. Being able to share this experience with people with all kinds of training is inspiring. Learning from any of them and sharing all our resources is one of the things that Ironhack promotes and is how you should always work in this design world.Read Less",ironhack
"Before I started this bootcamp, I was working in a TV Company , but I started to think about why people wanted certain things. I discovered UX/UI Designers, and I saw that they are a bridge between people and products. That's the reason I decided to do... Read More that bootcamp, I wanted to be that bridge.I liked the agile methodologies and tools we learned because it's what I needed to learn to make the most of my job. In very little time you can do so much, in a week you learn about a problem in depth, see different solutions and validate them. It's amazing what you can do with Google sprint for example, it's useful in any situation. The way we worked was all about collaboration, we were all helping each other and in the end that made all of our projects. Teachers and teacher assistants were always looking out for us. They're their to test your limits and bring out your fullest potential, that's why they can be hard on you. They're hard on you because that's what you're going to experience in the real world, and I think Ironhack prepares you well for that.Read Less",ironhack
"It’s difficult to describe what I’ve lived in the last weeks, perhaps the word is UNIQUE and IRREPLACEABLE.A few weeks ago I decided to do the web development bootcamp at Ironhack, I had no prior experience in programming as I worked in admin and logistics.... Read More Having finished the course, I know programming is what I want to do and I want to keep learning about all types of technologies.¿What did I do during these 9 weeks? Coding, coding, coding. It could sound boring but it was far from it. When you do something you like, you don’t mind putting in the hard work. Here you learn many technologies from day one, and even though it’s very difficult d and very intense, the result is worth it: my colleagues because friends, the staff is always there to help you even outside their working hours and, most of all, I know have the tools to become a junior programmer.Mi Linkedin Profile is https://www.linkedin.com/in/rub%C3%A9nvilchesp%C3%A9rez/ for any question.Read Less",ironhack
"It is curious how the destiny of each one is woven based on the decisions that one takes in life, good or bad, and lead us to follow paths of success or failure that in the end will always be lessons that help us to form ourselves as beings human beings,... Read More pieces or enclaves in a society. In my particular case, immigrant and with more than 17 years previous working in the commercial area in Sales of Technology, having made the decision to invest in the training of Full Stack Web Development Boot Camp in Ironhack has meant a turning point in my career. And for me it has been precisely that: an investment in the future.When I decided that I wanted to return to the roots of my studies (I'm an Computer Engineer) after so many years without writing a line of code, concerned only about selling products that in some cases I did not understand what they do, I started a search for a study system that I could obtain the necessary knowledge to go in search of a job in what many years ago was my livelihood and why not, my satisfaction. For this I enrolled in some basic PHP / Javascript courses with MySQL Database and an additional Oracle Database 12c course. But they were just that: basic courses. They gave me an aerial view of what Web development is in these times but they did not go deep enough to feel safe to go after a job in the development area.And as in social networks there is nothing hidden (we know how the algorithms that make product suggestions work, learning our tastes and posting notices of topics that we have touched or visited previously) I saw in one of these networks, an advertising of a Full Stack Web training that caught my attention because of its content. It was not a simple computer course like other ones in the market. It was really a formal study where in two and a half months a good part of the tools, frameworks, methodologies, etc., would be covered for the development of Web applications. It described how we are going to go, from the basics to making applications that from a user's point of view were as complex as making calls to API's RestFUL of spatial geolocation to create technology trending Web applications. A walk through HTML, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery, JSON, NodeJS, Express, Ajax, Axios, Angular all this with MongoDB Database, alternating with continuous development tools such as GIT and project planning as Trello. I found it a challenge and as I said initially, an investment for my return to the area that brought me so much satisfaction. Of course, I did an exhaustive search of trainings of this type in Madrid to make a comparative table and I finally decided on Ironhack because it seemed to me the most complete of all the training I saw, in addition to the fact that I am very learning in person, to be near the instructor and surrounded by people who could ask for help to clarify doubts if that were the case. For this reason, I proceeded to write via email to the contact person that appeared in the promotion. The answer was immediate and I started the procedures to be able to register for the FULL STACK WEB DEVELOPMENT BOOT CAMP - FULL TIME JUNE 2018 training. Here the journey began.Important to clarify that I did not have the money to do this training but here is another advantage that immediately allowed me to strengthen my decision. At Ironhack, they have two financial support institutions that could finance the training with the necessary flexibility to cover the costs. What more could I ask for!Now, I went through a series of questions and qualification interviews to validate if I had the capacity to do this training and that they did not represent a problem for me to enter since I had the advantage of having studied Computer Engineering 25 years ago and something was left of the programmatic thinking. I went immediately to the Pre-Work, a series of exercises and activities to soak students with certain basic knowledge and thus start from the first day to learn everything necessary to carry these two and a half months of intensive training. And that's what it is, that's why the denomination of ""Boot Camp"". Let's understand the concept. Here you come to work. And work hard. Every day, from Monday to Friday and including several weekends, is hard work. Beginning with the fact that two exercises (or projects) are done daily. One in the form of pair-programming, which gives us the notion of what it is to work with a team, and the other project you work individually. And some of these exercises tend to be extensive which makes it difficult to finish without staying up late (my personal recommendation for those who register: do not get up late, seek to do what possible but put a limit on working hours because fatigue accumulates day after day and every day you will see important matter that requires attention and all the senses in it). And every two weeks there will be a large project (three in total) where you can practice what you have learned in the previous weeks. For this reason, if you feel that some of the concepts were not well learned, calm that in each project will have the opportunity to resume and apply these concepts.It is true that many concepts are seen, but the learning methodology, being able to use continuous development tools such as GIT, working as a team in various exercises or projects, is basically what you face in real work environments. And for that they prepare you.Another important point to note is the support and ongoing advice on human resources issues, where you will have sessions to improve your Linkedin profile (or create it for those who have not registered) and your résumé. As an anecdote, just changing some things in my profile, I got the first day two contacts of people looking for Web developers from England. These consultancies are worth their weight in gold and should be used as much as they are part of the Ironhack program that seeks to position their students in the labour market. And believe me, its work.Finally, after two months and a week of continuous learning, Ironhack organizes a week called the ""hiring week"" where they invite a group of companies that will be validating your projects and interviewing students for possible work places to be filled with Boot Camp students. It is time to show your talents and you have a high chance of getting a job related to the topics seen. Particularly I had already gotten a job before this week so I did not attend and yet you have saved the opportunity to attend some future process if you wish.Finally, it must be understood that Ironhack, besides being a learning academy, is also a community. A community where events are constantly being published where you can review trends, new technologies or simply have an invitation to spend a Friday evening with friends with some beers. As a member of this community you can call to give a talk to new students about your experience, how to handle the stress of the activities, or simply accompany a new student under the figure of ""buddy"" in order to listen and advise how to carry The Boot Camp to these new members.Ironhack has been an experience, an investment that has paid off and allowed me to reinsert myself into the technical world, something that fills me with satisfaction. It was a total good experience in which a made a good friends and contacts in a web partners that for sure, is going to be maintained for years.Jesús Martínezwww.linkedin.com/in/jesus-martinez-alvarezRead Less",ironhack
"I've recently finished the MEAN stack 9-week bootcamp in Madrid with no previous coding experience and, let me say, what a blast! There are certain things I think they don't make more of an emphasis when you sign up for the full time bootcamp, 90% of... Read More which can boil down the the following warning: it's really intense. Drop-everything-else-you're-doing intense. Self-doubt-inducing intense. This worked in my favor which is why you don't see this listed as a con but that can be unhelpful for people that are making plans to continue working/studying or that simply appreciate or thrive in a slower-paced learning environment.  ProsThe team, both educational and administrative, is really fun to be around and work to make sure you get that family vibe. Sometimes it feels borderline cult-like but the social outcome is nice. The student environment I found very enriching specifically because of the variety of backgrounds found among us. Our group had a number of people with experience and a few with none and which made for a great learning experience.Support in the job search. Even when it's not the outcomes manager posting, there's a thread in the Slack with offers coming in at all times.ConsNot the world's most organized or punctual bunch. We didn't touch React, which we were asked about during our hiring week so I felt that was a massive disservice to us (but did, strangely enough, have the time for an introduction to Docker the day before the presentation of our last projects). This has since been changed in the curriculum but I'm still salty about it.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has been a transformative experience, a very good opportunity to shape my profesional carreer.I graduated from Odontology and worked as a dentist for a few years and even though it’s a great career, it got to a point where I wasn’t motivated... Read More anymore and I wanted to do something I was truly passionate about.I’ve always liked technology and I saw the opportunity of learning web development in a very short period of time to see if I would like it. The bootcamp requieres a lot of hard work and if you don’t have prior programming experience each day is a challenge with a big learning curve. You work hard and have daily frustrations, but it is completely worth it. I’m very happy to have done it and I truly believe anyone can learn to program.It would be great for me, to be able to unite the best of both worlds, Dentistry and Technology.https://www.linkedin.com/in/lauracanosaRead Less",ironhack
"In this review, I aim to provide an honest account of my experiences as a student in Ironhack’s April - June 2018 cohort in Miami, FL. I chose to wait until after I had been out of the course and in a job for a while before reflecting on my experience... Read More and evaluating how well Ironhack prepared me for what I am currently doing. My Ironhack Experience: Application: I did a great deal of research within a small period of time before applying, going through the interview process and leaving my previous employer to join Ironhack. Like many other students, I decided on Ironhack because of the curriculum, the reputation of Brito as an Outcomes Manager, and the reputation of their lead instructor Nizar, however, when the cohort started I learned that we would have a new instructor, Nick, an Ironhack graduate. When I registered for this course many of my classmates and I was under the impression that Nizar would be our teacher who I understood was someone with years of real world experience and was the primary reason for all the great reviews about Ironhack.I decided about three weeks before the cohort started to join in April which was just enough time before it was too late. The coding challenges and pre-work used the same online portal which contained their learning modules. Once I got the learning material I had to get them done within the one week I had before the cohort started so I worked that week on the online material full time to get ready for the first week. I cannot stress how important it is for you to really focus on the pre-work and understand the meaning behind what it is that you are going to be learning and do further research when necessary. If at any point you find yourself questioning whether or not this is for you, take time away from the problems you are having and come back to it with a fresh perspective. This is a habit you should try to incorporate in your learning as you are working with abstract concepts you haven’t been exposed to yet or are re-learning. It's really easy to get frustrated when you are first starting out which causes some students to drop out of the cohort before it really has time to start. Curriculum / Lectures / Projects: The first week is spent developing a browser game which when I initially signed up sounded like a lot of fun, and at times it was, however, I do not feel that it fits the curriculum when considering how much better the time could be spent. I would recommend spending more time to focus on the fundamentals, working collaboratively (git-flow), and more time on coding challenges/interview prep. Many of the examples within the modules when learning these new concepts were essentially the same which made it harder to grasp some of the concepts we were going over. A large portion of information, direction, and dependencies for the labs and lectures were out of date or not set up properly. Some learning modules were skipped altogether and a lot of time was wasted on bugs that can be avoided if the lecture notes and labs were updated or reviewed by the instructor before the lecture for the day began. I was also having a hard time grasping these concepts when I was encouraged to just copy paste what was in the modules to do my labs and my projects instead of thinking it though. There was a sudden change the day before the final project weeks started where our cohort was preparing to put together their individual projects for our personal portfolios and then it was announced that we would be working in groups for the last project. We were not told from the beginning that we were to take into consideration that we would be working on the final project in pairs or groups of three. We were never taught best practices dealing with version control and how to go about working with multiple people on a project at the same time. The brief overview that we had on collaborative git practices lasted less than 30 minutes and didn't even cover how to deal with merge conflicts or common errors that would come up in collaborative scenarios. Our instructor Nick was gone during the second to last week which was one of the most important weeks of our cohort. The majority of people in the course have been stuck on the same issue which dealt with having a login session persist across views in Angular. The only example we have to go off of was incomplete because of all of the bugs we ran into the week before Nick left and the TA’s were not able to figure out how to resolve the issue. If the Ironhack staff knew that he was going to be out during this important week that should have arranged for a substitute or have prepared the TAs to take over the curriculum for the week. The TAs would only be able to help to a certain extent until they are unsure of how to proceed due to their lack of experience and we're left to wait in line to be assisted by Nick, however that week we did not have the option so there was a great deal of lost time. My group members and I should not have been feeling the need to pay by the minute on tutoring websites like Hackhands and to make up for the lack of education we had received to get our project done in time. Learning Environment: I can’t speak for other cohorts, but the April 2018 cohort was fantastic. Everyone got along really well and we all still keep in touch with one another regularly post-graduation. Building.co is a fantastic workspace. Free beer, coffee, fruit, snacks, and there are plenty of good options for eating in the area. My only criticism is that Building.co can get a bit cramped at times as far as private areas for studying and meetings go, but that’s expected considering it’s a co-working space. The TAs were incredibly helpful throughout the cohort. Shoutout to Sandra for always staying far later than she needed to help us with our projects throughout the cohort. I’m sure I speak for all of my classmates when I say that we wouldn’t have been able to achieve what we did without the support of the TAs. Brito also brought in some great guest speakers and organized a panel of alumni to come to talk to us about their post-graduate experiences. Career Week: Career Week is the most important week you will at Ironhack. The content during this week is crucial to your job search and should be followed to the letter if you plan on getting hired and will be applicable beyond entry-level job searches. If you haven’t heard of or really considered Career Week as a selling point for your investment in an experience at Ironhack I would highly encourage you to reconsider and look at some of the companies that Ironhack is partnered with and the companies that graduates like myself are currently working at.Career week is a fantastic opportunity where companies come to Ironhack in order to interview graduates in a ""speed dating” fashion. You get to meet with many companies, and if you are inexperienced with interviewing like I was at the time, it may help you to get over the nervousness of being in an interview. If you've read any of the other reviews on this site or other sites about Ironhack Miami I'm sure that you have read or heard the name Daniel Brito or Brito for short. Brito is the Outcomes Manager, and it is his responsibility to work towards partnerships with companies and bring them in to meet potential graduates as candidates for entry-level jobs. He’s one of the most connected people in the Miami tech scene and has your best interests in mind. Ironhack would not be the same without his efforts. He was one of the most supportive people throughout the entire cohort and has continued to help me after graduation and reach out to me to see how my new job is going.  Post-Graduation / Job Search: I received my job offer from CareCloud, one of the companies that came to our hiring fair, about a month and a half after the cohort ended. However, do not place all your bets on getting a job from one of the companies that come to career week, this would be a huge mistake. Brito will be there every step of your job search from interview to offer letter as long as you follow the guidelines and strategies that he goes into detail about throughout the week. Never stop coding during your search, it’s important to keep your committing to new projects and continuing your learning so that you have something to show employers what you’ve been doing with your time since graduation. If you lose your motivation to teach yourself after the cohort is over you’re going to have a very hard time finding a good job. Overall, I would recommend Ironhack to someone looking to make a career change, however, I would also like to see many things improved as it continues to grow. I felt that my cohort was disorganized and that there was a serious lack of curriculum preparation. I did not see efforts made to improve the quality of our experience throughout the cohort's duration although we were giving them feedback every few weeks. I was not satisfied with how my education at Ironhack turned out at the time of graduation. I went through career week and then graduated lacking the confidence in my skill set necessary to get through a real technical interview. The weeks following graduation I spent all my time working on projects and learning React which I knew would help me stand out more when looking for a job while reinforcing JavaScript fundamentals and applying to jobs using Brito's advice. I am currently writing up an accompanying article for this review that I hope will fill in any other gaps for those who are looking into or graduating from Ironhack and boot camps like it which will include helpful resources that I used before, during and after my boot camp experience that helped me get my new job at CareCloud. Feel free to add me on LinkedIn or shoot me a message on the Ironhack Slack channel with any questions or comments that you may have. Best,Ryan MartinRead Less",ironhack
"It has been a really good experience for me, not just professional but personal. I have learned a lot in just 9 weeks, the course is crazy intense (you've got to work hard from Day 1) and you learn many technologies in a short term, but the methodology... Read More encourages you to go beyond your limits and be autonomous to continue learning on your own, to seek and understand the technical documentation. The staff is very close and super mindful :-)Read Less",ironhack
"It was hard, but totally worth it. Ironhack gave me all the necessary knowledge and tools I needed. Now I know what I need to improve in my knowledge, how can I do it by myself and where to find all the related stuff.",ironhack
"I took the Ironhack bootcamp in between working as a Business Development Manager in the Berlin startup ecosystem and starting a Master's degree in Data Science. My objective was to understand software architecture in order to work as a Product Manager,... Read More how web apps are created from scratch and to try out potentially moving fully to a job in software engineering. My experience with Ironhack was absolutely fantastic and I would do it again, anytime. I will answer the questions I had when picking a bootcamp and hope this can help any future student. Why not do an online course ? What I found very special with Ironhack was how teachers and peers were an amazing motivation, something you don't get online. The teachers were available every day until 10 pm and even on weekends, which I found incredible, every time with a smile on their face. The teaching team also spend significant time on team building and allowing the students to get to know each other with after school events, cooking sessions, giving the whole experience a very personal touch. They were extremely helpful with every question I ever had, no matter how basic. Studying with a cohort of students and sharing a physical classroom made it much easier for me to keep it up even during hard days where the learning felt like a lot of work. Whats the niveau of the course and how much time do I need to spend during the course? I personally had some previous coding experience (Python and C++, but six years before the time of the course) and no idea about front end. There is elaborate pre-work distributed by Ironhack before the start of the physical course that allows you to prepare yourself if you feel insecure about being ready. I did not spend a lot of time on it and found that we were ""caught up onto the same level"" within the first days of the bootcamp. The course is intense and requires you to spend some long evenings in class, however, it is clear that everyone learns for themselves and teachers are supportive no matter what effort you make - if you keep it low for two days, you will not punished with a frown or less attention. Teachers continuously checked up on the students level of understanding and offered additional courses and catch-up sessions whenever needed. In general it does feel like the whole group goes from ""0 to 100"" in the two month, coding-wise. Does it make you job ready ?Totally. I personally was not looking for employment after the bootcamp as I was starting a Master's degree, but nevertheless talked to many CTOs, companies etc in the course of the bootcamp and realized how ""good"" you get at Ironhack. Talking to my peers and seeing where (and how quickly) they got hired gives me the confidence to say, it makes you absolutely job ready.Read Less",ironhack
Excellent bootcamp with excellent teachers! A life changing experience! One of the best decisions in my life,ironhack
"I just finished the Ironhack Full time Web development Bootcamp in Berlin where I learned to code real world applications using the MERN Stack. In those 9 intense weeks we learned everything we need to know in order to get employed as a Junior Developer.... Read More The Bootcamp was very intense, especially the first 2 weeks but it was always fun to learn and I became very close with the other students, even though they were decades older than me :) (I am currently 18). We usually all stayed in class from 9am to 8pm or sometimes even later to catch up on old lessons or exercises. The course material is very good and we have live long access to it. The career services Ironhack offers are also very helpful. A lot of the students got employed from one of Ironhacks Partners. Sometimes there were organizational problems but nothing major. Summarized the Bootcamp was one of the greatest decisions of my life. I can start my career as a developer right away, even though I don't have a College degree or an apprenticeship diploma. I also have the feeling I learned much more than just coding. My english and my interview skills for example improved a lot!I can definitely recommend it to everyone who is willing to put in some effort!!Read Less",ironhack
"For perspective: I enrolled in the full-time web development boot camp after receiving an Uber scholarship award. I graduated from Ironhack in June 2018 and went on to find a job three months later in early September. When I first started the course,... Read More I had no previous experience in coding, was barely comfortable with a Mac (yes, you read that correctly), and I was WORKING (part-time). If you can avoid working, please do, because this course WILL require time outside of the 400 hours you are put through, and then some.I was amazed by how knowledgeable our instructor (Nick) and TA's were (I'm talking about you Sandra and Marcos!) as well as the sense of community that is evident from the day you first walk in. Aside from the facts that my cohort missed out on Nizar and that we constantly had to skip over lessons just due to the pace at which we had to learn, I can honestly say that everything is set up for you to succeed. The curriculum is constantly changing with the latest and greatest so that's a huge plus too.This will be hard. It will challenge you, you'll learn something new every day, and you'll have to put in a lot of work and effort outside of the classroom. But it will be worth it.I'll end with a final note on my experience during the job hunt and the awesomeness of Daniel Brito (the Outcomes Manager). Don't you dare go ghost on Brito during your job hunt. He's your wing-man, your therapist, your cheerleader on the sidelines and more -as long as you Slack him first. It took me three months after graduating (and A LOT of rejection) to land the job I'll be starting in a few weeks. Don't be afraid to hear no. Keep trying, and, if you're trying to land a web dev role, KEEP CODING. And even if you're not, KEEP LEARNING. Don't be afraid to think outside the box when it comes to jobs - there are other roles willing to pay you for the skills you acquired - my current role doesn't require coding, but the skill helped me land it. Brito was there throughout the entire process, constantly keeping track of my progress, and rooting for me the entire time. I'm grateful to have gone through this experience because it really did change my life. I've made friendships that'll last me a lifetime and the return on my investment was better than I could've imagined.Read Less",ironhack
"I have just finished the 9-week UX/UI Design bootcamp in Ironhack Paris, and I'm happy to say it's one of the best decisions I have ever made in my life.After a few years working in advertising, I wanted to dive into the digital world, working on a product... Read More that would evolve over time, and would make its user's life easier. That's why I decided to attend the UX/UI design bootcamp in Ironhack Paris, after looking for different learning options online, and getting recommendations from friends.During this bootcamp, you will learn the full UX/UI design process, mixing theory and actual case studies to apply your knowledge. For your final project, you will work with a real company on an actual brief (in my case a start up specialised in car logistics), which is super interesting, and gives you a sneak peek of your future professional life as a UX/UI designer.It is definitely an intense program, where you have to assimilate lots of knowledge in a limited amount of time. You won't be alone though: my other fellow students were really supportive of each other, and the teachers are always there to help you, challenge you in every decision you make, to push you out of your comfort zone.Overall, this bootcamp helped me to always challenge myself, discover new skills, to be ready for taking my career to a new level, thanks also to a career support program that helps you find the best company to work for after the bootcamp.Oh and the perks: you will be in the beautiful building of WeWork in the heart of Paris (10min walk from the Champs-Elysees), with a nice rooftop to enjoy (free) beers in the evening! :-)Lastly, this bootcamp is quite pricey but I can assure you it is definitely worth it, if you want to switch career to become a UX/UI designer!Read Less",ironhack
"Last Christmas I met a UX designer from San Francisco who was on vacation in Mexico City. He told me he worked at a startup that helps immigrants in the US to have access to education. In three years, that company had already helped more than 1K people.... Read More ""I want to have a job like that!"" I told him. I enjoyed working as a graphic designer in an advertising agency, but I wanted more. I was not fulfilled. Six months later, I was studying UX/UI design in Ironhack and I can say that this has been one of my best decisions I have made. It was difficult at first because the course is quite intense and demanding, but it's worth it. In addition, the Ironhack staff is very supportive and prepare you to be competitive and find a good job in a matter of weeks. Moreover, at the hiring fair we had the opportunity to meet people from high profile companies such as Bancomer, Liverpool, Clip, Multiplica and many more.I will always be grateful to them for helping me achieve my goals.Read Less",ironhack
"I am a Public Accountant, 53 years old, I have taken many courses in my life, from professional pool operator supported by the NSPF; spinning instructor accedited by Reebok; short film writer; among many others, and without fear of error I can say the... Read More Ironhack Web Development Bootcamp is the best course I have taken in my life. When I read what I could get in 9 weeks I did not believe it, I thought it was a joke or a fraud, today after living it I know that the advertising was just a bit of the reality. I learned not only about web development but also discipline and hard work; the human quality of the staff is incredible, the group of people that formed my group could not be better, today I continue with my career with new skills but above all with a new attitude towards work and with a group of elite friends ... thank you IronhackRead Less",ironhack
"I’ve just finished the full-time web development bootcamp with Ironhack (May-August 2018) where we learned MEAN stack development. The course covers a wide range of topics and gives you all the tools needed to start your career as a junior developer,... Read More however to get the best out of the course, it’s important to be fully invested and to know what outcomes you want from your bootcamp.- the negatives –There is a big importance on team building within the class and with the other cohorts happening at the same time, but at times this can feel a bit forced. If you’re not very social, this can be tiring.Scheduling/organization seems to be a bit of an issue. Some examples: having (somewhat required) career prep sessions or activities during our lunch breaks, never receiving reinforcement lessons, catching up on courses during our project weeks, etc. This probably depends a lot of the cohort and the other factors, but some things just seemed last second and/or badly timed.+ the positives +The materials are good, and the staff is nice, but the stand out was our instructor, Nizar. He is truly an excellent teacher; enthusiastic and very clear in his manner of explaining (simple and complex) concepts. I could not have asked for a better instructor for the course.The career services were also super helpful. The Outcomes Manager, Dina, helped us with our resumes, rebranding, and explaining our background to recruiters. We got to meet with many companies, as well as recruitment sites. I most certainly feel that without the connections of Ironhack, I would not have had as much exposure to companies looking for junior developers.Three weeks after the bootcamp, I had three offers from very interesting companies. I can honestly say that none of that would have been possible without Ironhack.*For future students, a knowledge of French will be helpful. It won’t cause any problems during the course, but it can ease communication with classmates/TAs and future employers.I am overall super happy with the program! If you want to learn web development, join Ironhack :)Read Less",ironhack
"I graduated from Ironhack Miami's UX/UI full-time boot camp this August. This program is by far one of the most amazing opportunities I have ever found myself being a part of. After graduating college in may, I had no idea what I wanted to do with my... Read More life. I came across user design experiences through the school General Assembly but found that they did not offer user interface which I wanted to learn. Ironhack is one of the only institutions in the country which offer both. And from what I've learned, only learning UX is not viable enough to take into the workforce, you need to learn interface as well. I graduated with a bachelors in art history and had been craving to go into the creative field. At first, I was unsure about Ironhack and was scared to make a move from New York to Miami to participate in this program. But my fears were soon gone after my very first day at Ironhack. The first day, our fantastic TA's told us by the end of the nine weeks, our cohort would become not only our friends but our family. This learning environment is unlike any other I have seen throughout my schooling career. David Fast, my instructor, is a TRUE visionary. He is brilliant, driven, and cares about his students in a way I have never seen in the American school system before. The work environment is so beautiful at building co. You gain the insights of people from their vast background, and you end up growing with your classmates, and they help build you up throughout the entire course. I can go on for hours about ironhack, but all I can say is... if you can take the time to take this course... it will change your perspective, your motivations, and your life in the most wonderful way. I recommend it from the bottom of my heart. I miss ironhack so much and hopefully, one day ill have the opportunity to participate in the web dev class as well. All the best, and good luck!Read Less",ironhack
"Pros: Everything.Cons: None.Undecided? Don't be. Take the leap. You won't regret coming to Ironhack.I recently graduated from the Ironhack Miami, Full Time Full Stack Web Development boot camp in August 2018I went to Ironhack to learn, hands on and specialize... Read More myself in web development after having self studied over two years on my own.Was it worth it? Yes. Did I learn anything? A ton. Was it hard? Oh yes it was.The Ironhack curriculum and training is intensive. It will definitely require more than 400 hours in 9 weeks, on your own time, besides your class time as well, mastering the craft in becoming a full stack developer. The hours will be spent in class will also require you to work at home and complete your class assignments, especially during your project weeks.It is intensive, fast paced, rigorous and incredibly demanding, but everything's done for you to succeed. If you can make it through the Ironhack curriculum, you can make it through anything else tech or life throws at you with an incredible confidence knowing that you know what you know. The instructors are always present as well as the Teachers Assistants. You are not alone as your classmates are going through the same things as you, are here too, working together as one cohort, in unity, fear not, you will always get some help when needed and if your not afraid to ask.Of course in Tech you won't know everything there is to know when you graduate, but you'll be prepared to have an incredible kick start and keep improving a lot faster than if you didn't attend Ironhack and tried to learn on your own. There are many that can learn well on their own by self study. It's possible. With Ironhack, my newfound skills and experience are now more solidified than ever. This is a lifelong learning commitment even after graduating. Just like breathing. If you are committed to coding, you can't stop coding. Commit. Commit. Commit. It will be woth it. You are worth it.Your instructor Nick, is the Godfather of Code. If he can't fix it, the code doesn't exist. A gazillion thanks to Nick, all the Ta's, Brito and the Ironhack staff. An incredible life changing experience I will never forget and no longer have to hope for a better future.Once you've graduated, you're always an Ironhacker. If you ever need anything during your job search, Brito is the man you can call and ask for help, advice, contacts, or even just drop by for events or just to say hello. Just be sure to slack him.You must be willing to work hard. Not procrastinate and definitely don't hesitate Just go for it. One of the most important investments you will make in your life. This is by far, not an expense, but an incredible investment in yourself. The return is....priceless.Read Less",ironhack
"I just recently graduated from the UX/UI Design full-time bootcamp at Ironhack Miami, and I had the time of my life. It was a very difficult and extremely challenging process for me, but the amount of knowledge and hands-on experience you acquire in only... Read More 2 months is amazing. Needless to say, the bootcamp experience is really not for the weak hearted. It pushes you beyond your limits and tests you on every level to really pull out the best within each student.The most important skill I’ve learned during my time at Ironhack was to get comfortable with being uncomfortable. That’s essentially the nature of the course; it forces each student to enhance their strengths, but most importantly, work on their weaknesses. There is limited time to get assignments done, so exercising better time management is essential. There are presentations and public speaking almost every week, there is the constant exercise of accepting failure and making mistakes, and the idea that perfection is your enemy (so if there are any perfectionists out there, get ready to let go of this habit guys, because everything is actually supposed to be “Agile”). I also learned that throughout any UX/UI design process, the user should always be the guide, and you really have to follow and respect the process, never jump to solutions. The staff at Ironhack was very helpful and most importantly, were always positive. It really helps to be surrounded by instructors and TA’s who believe in each student’s potential, who are ready to listen when you need to vent, who provide constructive feedback, any help needed or just be uplifting with optimistic comments. I am very grateful to everyone at Ironhack who guided me throughout the cohort: my teacher, David, my TA’s Hugo and Hector, my Web Dev week instructors Sandra and Colby, as well as Brito, our super dedicated Career Resources professional! They just made my time in the cohort extremely enjoyable and meaningful.Also, being in such an amazing co-working environment such as Building, helped make the experience memorable. I really love it there, I always feel welcome and comfortable, like it is my home away from home. I have spent A LOT of time there, and I love the fact that students have access to the space 24/7 with the use of the fob (I didn’t want to return mine at the end of the cohort!). It is no wonder I would always tell people who asked me about the course that I would live at Building and sleep in Aventura. I cannot express enough how much I loooooved being in that space and am happy to return each time I visit. Everything about it was awesome: the classroom environment with the ability to write and ideate on the white walls, cover the glass walls with our sticky notes, the nook with the comfy couch on the 2nd floor, cafecito at 3:05 brought to us everyday by the very sweet ladies: Mercedes and Maria, and especially the rooftop with the beer on tap. It is just a great space to get inspired, work, and also to network.The only cons I have for the cohort, is that I wish the course were longer. I personally think 3 months would be ideal, but if not, then at least 2 weeks extra so that the students can have more time to work with the web devs and also to better prepare for the hiring week. I felt an enormous amount of pressure to get my portfolio ready and honestly didn’t feel comfortable with what I presented to perspective employers. So it is important to have either an extra week to solely focus on that or to incorporate it more throughout the cohort (weekly check-ins on the progress, time for business cards to be made). It was constantly drilled into us that “the portfolio is what will get you hired”, so quality time to work on it is essential. Students will be better prepared and most likely result in more hires right out of the hiring fair. So, win win on both ends: great for the students as well as the school. Being able to work more closely with the web dev cohort is also essential in order to better prepare for the field. It would be great to work with them in fully developing one of our projects into a functional app, for example.Overall, my experience at Ironhack was very positive and this was the best investment I have done for my career. I had to overcome a lot of personal difficulties and blockers along the road, but truthfully, there is nothing more fulfilling than when you overcome something that initially might seem impossible, whether that is fear of public speaking or just delivering assignments on time. I loved every minute of the cohort and will forever be a proud Ironhacker. I have made incredible friends, developed a great support system with the school, and am excited as well as ready for what is yet to come!!! Cheers!!!Read Less",ironhack
"The UX/UI Miami bootcamp was really an awesome experience, and this at different levels.People I met there, my class, the teachers, the TAs, the web dev class and the staff are great. Everyone is on the same page, eager to work and bringing his skill... Read More and his good vibe to the tableThe network it brings you is huge, it's opening you several doors and gives you a nice pit stop to boost your careerThe content of the course is relevant and complete. David is a super pedagogue, and extremely attentive. Plus, we are working on three different projects which enable us to master the design thinking methodology at the end of the course.What I learned: The complete methodology of design thinking, how to actually use the lean UX method and how to conduct proper research.I feel ready to go on the market and I already had three mission offers after 3 weeks of graduation!The staff was really competent, and I would like to thanks particularly Jess, Alia, Brito, and David for their workBuilding and co, the cowering space was perfect and provides everything you need: a comfortable space to work, coffee and snack to refill at any time.To conclude, I would say that my experience at Ironhack was really complete, enlightening, and memorable.​​Read Less",ironhack
"I came to Ironhack as a way to transition out of teaching into UX Design. As a recent grad of Ironhack's UX/UI Design course in Miami, I can say that I couldn't have made a better choice. The support and experience that I received was amazing. Ironhack... Read More staff treated us as family and looked out for us as such by sharing knowledge, resources, and encouragement. The instructors and guest speakers are knowledgeable on the most current trends, and the holistic curriculum ensures that graduates are able to hit the ground running in our new careers. The learning experience was a great time and project based, there was never a dull moment.One of the most valuable things that Ironhack offers is the continued support even after you complete the program. They truely are invested in our success and have provided a life-changing experience. I am so happy with the decision to come here and so proud to be an Ironhacker.Read Less",ironhack
"I chose Ironhack because of its reputation, and from talking to actual IT recruiters in Miami who said Ironhack grads come out better-prepared than those from other similar bootcamps. The coursework is more rigorous so the grads themselves are better... Read More able to transition to actual real-world developer work / transition to other languages and frameworks better; and there's more job search / career prep.Just be prepared to put in a ton of time and energy. The course moves fast, and it's easy to fall behind if you're not taking it seriously or are trying to keep working while attending.Instructional and admin staff were incredibly nice and patient with us.Read Less",ironhack
"I was a digital artist who worked as a full time freelancer. So coding was not something I was very familiar with.IronHack helped me to learn the basics of coding during the first week. It is really impressive how fast the bootcamp guides you through... Read More the topics until you start learning some complex frameworks in a short period of time.I was able to find a job during the ironhack's event: ""Hiring Week"" where I was able to solve coding test of many companies.For someone who had no proffesional experience in coding, finding a job after 2 weeks was something unbelivable.I really recommend this bootcamp for people who wants to switch their professional career. I was able to duplicate my income in a very short time.Aside from the job part. The people I met in this bootcamp were very kind. The lead teacher and teacher assistants were always there to help me in the projects of the bootcamp. And the more experienced colleagues were also happy to help.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironahck meant more than just another educational program, It transformed my life. This amazing program allow me not only to meet exceptional people (students, teachers, TA's, staff) but to expose myself to code in an amazing way. I learned not only to... Read More follow instructions but to thinks as a developer in only 9-weeks.Read Less",ironhack
"Soy un chavo de 23 años que no sabía hacer nada, habia tenido ciertos trabajos pero nada en concreto que me gustara ni que tuviera futuro, y siempre habia algo que me preoucupaba...Otniel, que vas a hacer cuando seas grande ( sí como la canción :D).Me... Read More empezo a llamar la atencion la programacion, pero en si nunca investigue a fondo, hasta que sali de trabajar en donde estaba trabajando y dije venga vamos a cambiar nuestra vida, es un buen momento para cambiar y pum googlie escuela de programación y Ironhack salio en primer lugar. Fui a verlos y despues de dos entrevistas me aceptaron.El curso es intensivo, muchas cosas no las entenderas pero creeme que APRENDERAS. Ahora estoy trabajando y en donde trabajo cuando me presentan con un cliente o algun contacto me presentan como su desarrollador o su programador.Creeme, si quieres cambiar tu vida elige IronhackRead Less",ironhack
"ironhack is a great code bootcamp, it teaches you everything you need to know to start your coder life. it teaches you how to be self-taught person and gives you all the tools you need to fully understand that you are capable of learning anything you... Read More want if you put some passion and dedication on it.When I took the bootcamp, a lot changed for me, I got to meet knew people so much different from me, my lifestyle and my career, but we get along very well to the point we started to feel a lot of affection for each other, we became a family.I got to see my family working so hard every week that it became inspirational to me. The ironhack bootcamp is not only about learning, but it also changes the way you think, it improves your discipline, your effort, stress management an a lot of additional personal behaviors and skills that are appreciated everywhere. Even if coding wasn't what you thought your life would become, it is definitely the kind of boost any person needs in it's life to live it intensely and full of self-confidenceRead Less",ironhack
"If you want to change your life and a career, Ironhack is the best option. You'll learn about the most advanced development skills in 9 weeks. At the end of the bootcamp you'll have the chance to get a job in any of the hiring partners that Ironhack has,... Read More the hiring rate is almost 100% of all the graduated students, I'm a living proof of that.Read Less",ironhack
"When I decided to change my professionnal path from psychology to UX, I had difficulty choosing from the different programs available. Ironhack Paris was a great experience and I don't regret the investment.By going to Ironhack in invested in myself 150%.... Read More Not only was it a leap of faith, it was the mean for me to learn differently : learn ny doing, learn with your peers, complete each other's skills. I got to learn the UX process and the different tools that come in handy when researching user problems and defining solutions. The instructors were supportive, listening.The strengh at Ironhack is the constant process of improving the was their courses go with student feedback every week or so. I got the understand how listening, observing people helped improving an experience and how design is not about pretty pixel, it starts with the WHY of every single pixel you design.The whole Ironhack experience was an intense human, those 9 weeks with the same people, day after day, from 9 am to 9 pm most days, taught me more than UX/UI, it taugh me the sense of family, the humility to admit you don't know and that someone else does, and how working together, making compromises, choosing what is best for the user (and not for you ego) makes better outcomes than working solo. To conclude, I found a job not even 5 day post Hackshow, starting this september 2018 !Read Less",ironhack
"I did the UX/UI Bootcamp on Ironhack Barcelona and it was amazing. The teachers are well qualified, the projects were interesting and motivating and the environment of Ironhack is challenging, exciting and friendly. I spent 9 weeks in a place where I... Read More learned a lot and I met incredible people. It is a enriching experience that open doors to a new world.Read Less",ironhack
"The two months of intensive bootcamp that I have spent at Ironhack have been a very complete experience. The curriculum as well as the teaching style are all a professional could hope for and the support a student get is great. The bootcamp is very practical... Read More and a lot of help is needed to go through every project. We were strongly encouraged to ask for help from the staff and the teaching team, but also from each other. We very quickly realized that we were a little family that was growing together and we learned a lot and will keep learning. As for the facilities, the open space is very big and enables every one to find a space at any time as well as well equipped classrooms.Read Less",ironhack
"When I came to Ironhack, I was a person pushing my life to the limit, having many painful life experiences. I went to Ironhack with not much more than hope in my heart and a will to give my ALL to change my career and change my life! I've met a community... Read More of so many great people, and together we gave our all to learn JavaScript and the MEAN Stack (MongoDB, Express.js, Angular2, Node.js). If you're looking at this now, they've probably updated to MERN Stack (MongoDB, Express.js, React.js, and Node.js).Be ready to work HARD, and put in HOURS to accomplish. The bootcamp says 400 hours, but it takes more than that to be very proficient. They prepare you to learn code, search for answers, and the career preparation by Brito is better than ANY career prep I've ever had in my life! The experiences I've had in Ironhack have marked me positively for life, and I feel strong not just in my very basic foundation in Web Development, but as a person. I can say that Ironhack is the best thing I've ever done in my life, and the benefits are just beginning :)Oh! You'll be at a MASSIVE advantage if you read, understand, and apply You Don't Know JS, Eloquent Javascript, and learn basic Javascript Data Structures and Algorithms before the prework, but you'll be able to make it through without those, although you may need them at the end to help you be a top candidate for a job :).If any questions, find me on LinkedIn! https://www.linkedin.com/in/gianninicharles/Read Less",ironhack
"I'm recently graduated from Ironhack Miami UX/UI full time and the first thing that I have to say it's that this course changed my life, not just because I changed careers, It's because I have another family now. We are part now of a community of fantastic... Read More people.My instructor, David Fast and our TA's Hector and Hugo, were VERY supportive, they always taught us and helped us with the best disposition possible.One of the best thing that this course has it is at the end; we had some days to prepare us for interviews, in the hands of Daniel Brito. He will help you to find your dream job, but as he always says, ""I'll put you the ball there, but you need to bat it""lol. That means that you need to be constant and put an effort too.I'm happy that we finished and now we can continue following our dreams, but sad at the same time because its over.Thank you so much Ironhack, I had good expectations for the first time, but at the end, there is no word or number to measure how amazing it was.Read Less",ironhack
"I've been a student in Ironhack Miami Bootcamp. I was taking Full-time UX/UI course.The course is very intensive so in order not to lose track of the program you'll have to work hard and make a lot of exercises. But I want to say that it worth it, trust... Read More me, guys. You will never be the same person again once you finish. It will change your life completely, and change it in a better way. Besides design, this Bootcamp teaches you how to be successful in your life, solve problems and never give up. It's all about passion...its all about GRIT. The teaching staff has been great and they were often available to help you also in extra hours. Many thanx to our instructor David and 2 TA's: Hector and Hugo. All of them were supporting and pushing you to do more and learn more. The curriculum is amazing too and focused on your practical skills. Like we say in Ironhack ""Learning by doing"". All that skills that you polished here, you will be using in real life and that's why Ironhack is the best one ever.Ironhack is all about hard work, persistence, and dedication. Ironhack is family. It feels like second home here. And yes you would have your father here. His name is Daniel, but you can call him Brito. This guy got your back, he is outcomes manager and will help you to find your dream job. You would get mother too. Her name is Alia, she is general manager, wonderful and wise woman btw. And finally, you would get a ton of sisters and brothers, which are people from your cohort and grads from previous cohorts. Oh, snap! I forgot to mention your new older sister- Jess (program manager). She is an amazing person and she will make your days in boot camp bright, funny and enjoyable.If you are looking for a new start in this field and change your life I suggest people think seriously and join Ironhack family. WelcomeRead Less",ironhack
"The course was more then what I expected and it was a life changing experience for me. I loved the campus, love my instructor (David Fast) and the TAs. The environment is set up for success and Brito (Outcomes manager) is trying his best get everyone... Read More jobs. Overall I'm going to miss Ironhack Miami. They not only helped me grow as a designer but as a person as well. Thank you Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"Best decision I've made !! I had no background in tech before and I can't believe how much I learned in 9 weeks. Even if the pace is very intense, no one is left behind in the class and everybody makes sure that all the concepts are fully understood by... Read More the students. Moreover, the BCN team is awesome, I had the best classmates and the best TA's.Read Less",ironhack
"The greatest learning experience I've ever had! It was like having a big family (we were 21) for 2 whole month. The classes were very complete and effective and I was really able to see my progress during the different projects.The teaching staff is very... Read More welcoming, efficient and caring. I really felt like they wanted the best for us. They encourage us to keep in touch after the bootcamp and we can go to them for advice.I totally recommend it!Read Less",ironhack
The bootcamp was super intensive but great. I strongly recommend it! It changed the way I design and think. I am so grateful to have the chance to meet all the great staff TA's and Professors.,ironhack
"I finished Ironhack’s full time web dev course last week and I highly recommend it, if you want to work hard and learn fast. I started with nearly zero coding experience and I built a game and 2 web applications during the course. Designing and completing... Read More these projects was important because it helped me understand and experiment with the new technology I had learned, now I have projects to show potential employers. I found the overall Ironhack experience to be friendly and supportive, but it also challenged and pushed me to work as hard as I could. The Ironhack staff are really down-to-earth, smart, dedicated, and love coding. I really cannot say enough good things about the people there. Our class was one of the largest they’ve had, but individual help was still readily available. Communication with the instructor, TAs, and other students was easy and fast - we used SLACK, which is a commonly used communication tool in the tech world. Right now I’m doing the career week - the week after you graduate Ironhack helps with resumes, interviewing skills, and also holds a job fair. This was one of the main reasons I chose Ironhack and so far it has been a great help.Read Less",ironhack
"Great coding school! The curriculum introduces you to everything you need to know to become a full stack web developer as quickly as possible. It also lays the foundation for you to explore additional software development concepts that are not covered... Read More for the sake of time. I recently graduated with an associate's degree in computer programming from my local community college, and after attending Ironhack I can definitely recommend it to anyone trying to start a career in software development, regardless of skill level or experience.Read Less",ironhack
If you are interested in web develpment Ironhack is the place to be. In just a cople of months I was able to dive deep into advanced features of web development. I would 100% recommend this bootcamp to anyone!,ironhack
"Attending Ironhack's full time UX/UI Design program was something that I was interested in but not sure if I should take on. Someone recommended it to me, and after seeing his success and all around improvement in life, I knew it was a chance I could... Read More not pass up. I'm so glad I did the program! Not only did I learn countless valuable skills that will help me as a designer, I gained an entire family, network, and support system. My instructor David served as a mentor and friend when he wasn't teaching, and the events and guest speakers hosted by Ironhack never disappointed. I feel ready to take on the world of design, and I've already started applying design thinking to all aspects of my life. I definitely recommend Ironhack if you are seeking to change your career, improve your skillset and make yourself more valuable, learn something new, or just gain a community that you know you can rely on!Read Less",ironhack
"I was working full time as creative when I first heard about Ironhack. My schedule was busy and I was devoted to my career, but it was always a thought that would cross my mind over and over again. There came a point where I felt I needed a challenge,... Read More and after winning a scholarship through uber, I was able to raise the funds to attend the UX/UI cohort and still continue working at the same time. The 9 weeks I spent at their coworking space in Miami not only provided me with an intense curriculum, but also the challenge of solving real world problems and devising projects to make them a reality. We started as 22 strangers and left as a family looking for ways to make the world a better place through design. I have no regrets after attending this course and would reccomend to anyone that has an interest in problem solving, research, or design.Read Less",ironhack
"I would 100% recommend Ironhack to any friend interested in Web Development. I believe that someone motivated enough will succeed with the assistance of Ironhack. It is not easy, and it is not a golden ticket to a job (although it can be if you work hard... Read More enough). Ironhack has a great network here in South Florida and companies absolutely notice their name on a resume or LinkedIn profile.Continue reading for a more detailed look at my journey at Ironhack.Background: I never worked in anything tech or programming related. I had some programming experience from undergrad and from there on out, I have been taking steps to improve my development skills but felt like I hit a wall.Why I joined: I wanted to build a portfolio and break down that wall. I wanted to switch careers and become a developer/engineer. I chose Ironhack over their competition because of the MEAN Stack, these reviews, and the passion and family-like culture I received upon initial contact with the staff.Staff: Ironhack keeps expanding and stays progressive with their vision and every employee really cares and believes in that vision. From the top down, everyone is approachable and makes you feel at home. Your instructor? IronhackerTA's? IronhackersThey have been in our shoes. They know what it takes to push you and make sure they set you up for success. They are happy to do it. It is not a ""job"" for them, it's a passion. My cohort had a new instructor, Nick. Everything I had read about Ironhack before joining was about Nizar and I had high expectations. Nick did a great job, and he had a great team of TA's too. Lead TA - Sandra is a machine. You will not fall behind even with the fast pace because of this.Experience: HIRED 6 weeks after hiring fairTo get the most out of this course, you will live, eat, breathe, and dream code. This is 9 weeks full time, and 1 more for hiring week. In these 10 weeks, do not expect to have a life outside of Ironhack. Make sure you have the full support of a significant other because it is not an easy balance. Your friends will be non-existent. It's a boot camp for a reason. Even with some coding experience, I would find myself still at Ironhack until 10-11pm most days. Project week will hit you like a ton of bricks. Beer on tap will keep you sane.On the bright side, you are going to be in a setting with dozens of people who have the same mindset and goals as you. This makes it a lot easier.What isn't obvious is that it does not stop after these 10 weeks. When you are looking for work afterward, it is also a full-time job. Expect to be looking for work for 4-8 weeks minimum.And it doesn't stop there. If you get hired, it's going to feel like another boot camp. So make sure you take that all into account before jumping in and make sure you can be fully committed. Job assistance: There is a hiring fair set up by Brito that at the very least will give you some practice on interviewing. I interviewed with 6 companies and with two of those, I went through their whole interview process afterward. I did not get hired by a company from the hiring fair (but others did).Brito makes sure you are taking necessary action in your job hunt and guides you. I applied aggressively and was able to land multiple phone interviews and several in-person interviews. Rejected by plenty, but in the end, I was able to get multiple offers.Conclusion: I would do it all over again if I could. I knocked down that wall and changed careers, and made great friends at the same time. Tips: Take your LinkedIn and resume seriously. Attend tech events and meetups. Try to do coding challenges on HackerRank and/or CodeWars.Feel free to message me on LinkedIn if there is anything else you'd like to know.Read Less",ironhack
I wasn't expecting much when I signed up for the bootcamp but at the end of it all I can say I'm amazed in what I learned in such a short period. I was expecting to maybe learn how to to build a simple website but we learned that in just the first 3 weeks.... Read More I had an amazing group of classmates and amazing TA's.Read Less,ironhack
"I finished the Ironhack Paris Bootcamp at the start of August '18 and I still can't believe it is already over !I started as a total beginner and went to Ironhack in order to get the basics on the frontEnd and backEnd sides of the web development process.... Read MoreThe training is short but INTESE ! Nine weeks and hundreds of hours of organised learning and personnal one !You have to be able to work hard and give up on some parts of your social life for a short period of time but it is so worth it! The teacher, the TAs and the whole staff are always there if you need anything ! The classmates are all in the same boat but you can count on mostly everybody to lift each other and work together !The courses are really thought to satisfy your curiosity and also to attract future comanies.Don't expect to become a web dev wizard at the end, but you'll be showed the ropes to improve and keep on going !And one IMPORTANT THING : Ironhack is not just for 9 weeks ! Once an Ironhack, forever an Ironhacker !Read Less",ironhack
"I just finished my Web development bootcamp and it was an amazing experience.I was scared to change my career but Ironhack taught me all the tools I needed to do so, including how to continue learning stuff by myself after the bootcamp, which is the most... Read More important for me.The staff is amazing, very friendly, and is ready to give you the support you need. The teacher is the best you could hope for. It was like having a new little family :)I just finished the bootcamp but we already have a lot of job interviews so I'm looking forward to what's coming next for me!Read Less",ironhack
"I graduated from Ironhack Paris by the end of may '18 and if I could, I would do it again right now.To be precise on my personal background, I started as a junior and not a total beginner, I went to Ironhack to specialize myself in web development after... Read More having completed a longer, more general training which started my career shift.About the training itself, it is short but intensive, more than 400 hours in 9 weeks, only talking about hours spent in class here, you will work at home too, especially during project weeks.It can sound harsh, and sometimes it is, but everything's done for you to succeed. The teachers are always present and your classmates who are going through the same things as you are here too, you will always get some help when needed.The content of the curriculum is thought to be in accordance with entreprises' needs and is evolving to keep it this way. Of course you won't know everything there is to know when you graduate, but you'll be prepared to have a kickstart and keep improving. The teachers were all cool but special mention to Nizar who was our lead teacher. His way of teaching has never been boring, good tone and speed for talking, good balance between seriousness and fun... This is really different from about every course I've attended before.And as a last word, once you've graduated, you're still an Ironhacker, if you need anything during your job search (which could end during the hiring week, next week after graduation), you can call them for help, advice, contacts, drop by for events or just to say hello.If you're willing to work hard, don't hesitate, go for it, this is not an expense, this is an investment in yourself.Read Less",ironhack
"I made the UX UI Design Bootcamp at Ironhack in Madrid from September 2017 to April 2018.This is a nice opportunity for people working who want to learn new things or professions, Ironhack has this good offer, it is not as the usual Bootcamp where you... Read More stop everything you do to concentrate on the bootcamp. It lasts for almost six months, so on the one hand to be honest it is hard time if you are working but on the other hand you have more time to assume all the knowledge and to practice it.The place is very nice as Ironhack Madrid is located on a cultural centre in Madrid, Matadero. There are good installations and you can go to study there whenever you want. The bootcamp is divided in six units, in all of them you have a practice as the lema of the school is “learning by doing”, you can also study online with a nice platform.Special mention for the teachers, we had six, all of them specialized in their areas, one for UI, other for Research, other for testing, coding, etc. Finally, there is a great sense of community at Ironhack, not only for the relationships between pupils, alumni and teachers, but also if you are looking for a job. There is what they call a hiring week at the end of the bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"Honestly, Ironhack helped me change my life. I gained purpose as a designer and so many incredible tools for myself to succeed in the future. The job fair and prep was honestly by far the best I've received in my life. I went to private schools my whole... Read More life and not even my college prep or counselor was as helpful as Daniel Brito through this process. I thank Ironhack (&amp; Uber) for the opportunity of a lifetime.Read Less",ironhack
"I did a ton of research before choosing the right program for me, and the moment I found Ironhack I knew it was the right choice. From the very first point of contact with the company I could feel the passion from its team and it was contagious. I was... Read More eager to learn more and take my design skills to the next level, and what I got was all that and more. Much more than just a bootcamp experience, the Ironhack experience is about making new connections, new friends, making lasting memories. The hours were long and the work was hard, but it was all worth it. The program is very comprehensive and complete and I received all the necessary support and guidance I needed from my instructor David Fast and teacher assistant Snezana Dragusev. David kept it all fun and interesting, and did a tremendous job at getting the material across, and Snezana was always available to lend a helping hand and keeping the entire class in high spirits. The UX/UI course also comes with an exciting web development-focused week which supercharged my front-end dev skills, all with the help of web instructor Fernando Azevedo. The entire Ironhack staff is exemplary, always on the ready to help you out, offer their guidance or just chat with! Huge props have to be given to Alia Poonawala (General Manager at Ironhack Miami), Jessica Gonzalez (Administrator), Patrick de la Guardia (Admissions Director) and Rebecca Willett, General Manager at Building.co, the coworking space where Ironhack Miami is located.The Ironhack bootcamp also offers an amazing job support program, masterfully orchestrated by Outcomes Manager Daniel Brito. Brito goes above and beyond in helping students learn best practices for job interviews, job tracking, soft skills interviews and generally how to get out there into the real world after the bootcamp is over. The mock interviews and actual interviews are great practice, if nothing more. The guest speakers Brito gets to come in are also a real treat and a part I looked forward to every week of the course. There really is no better way to learn than to hear from actual people who are in the field and have tons of experience already.All in all, I went into the course expecting to leave with a lot more UX/UI knowledge, but I left with so much more. I am more confident in my own abilities and skills and feel more ready to tackle the world and find the opportunities I long for. This is an experience I will carry with me and refer back to for the rest of my life.Read Less",ironhack
"By far Ironhack Miami gave me the best school experience I have received thus far. Other schools sometimes seem like it's on airplane mode but this school was exhilarating, spontaneous and down-right motivational. Coming from a person that has no design... Read More background, Ironhack gave me the resources to not only believe in myself but expand my creativity. This course gave me a vast knowledge of UX design material in a short amount of time. My professor David Fast and teacher aide Snezana Dragusev were a great support and always there when I needed them. Giving me feedback all along the way and inspiring me to think outside the box.This course properly showed me the real purpose for designing a product. I wish I would have learned about Ironhack earlier in my life.Read Less",ironhack
"After coursing three years of Physics and one year of Computer Engineering in Brazil I decided to attend a programming bootcamp at Ironhack. I wanted to gain the knowledge that would help me develop my own web applications and after doing some research,... Read More I found out that Ironhack was teaching about new technologies. Some other bootcamps teach about relational databases (SQL) and use outdated programming languages. I wanted the new stuff. There we learned the MEAN stack (MongoDB, Express, Angular and NodeJS), which is what you need for getting your ideas out of the paper and put it into practice.I can say that I am currently fully capable of developing some ideas that never got out of paper because I didn’t even know where to start. I’ve tried to learn by myself, with free online courses, with paid online courses (actually one from Codecademy), but nothing compares to being more than 12 hours a day coding non-stop, doing pair programming, being in a class with other 20 people with the most different backgrounds and experience levels.At the end of the course we go through a Hiring Week, where we had like 40 interviews with companies wanting to hire people for IT jobs. By now I've learned that of the 28 people that attended the bootcamp with me (ended about a month ago), more than 20 are employed. Included me, I'm currently working in Ironhack São Paulo helping open our new campus and I'm very happy for helping other people go through this same experience. Aside all of that, this was an experience that helped me gain self-knowledge.Best things:- Practice. Practice. Practice.- Support from the teacher assistants- Advisory on how to build a professional curriculum- Job interview training- Incredible networking- Learning new technologiesRead Less",ironhack
"I attended the Web Development bootcamp at Ironhack in Barcelona about two years ago. When I attended, I had been working as a web designer for 3 years and I was looking to extend my skills and maybe go for a career change. I though I wanted to do web... Read More development, but I wasn't sure yet. Everything I knew at that point was self taught, so I figured I needed some serious study in order to feel more confident. After three months of intense studying during the bootcamp, I must say that I managed to build a web app and I had the guts to apply for a front end position. After some trial and error, I finally got the job I wanted :)The pros of the bootcamp are that it's really accessible, that there were people there to support us even at 9 - 10pm, that the final project we worked for was really practical and mentored by people working in the field and that at the end we had great opportunities for interviews.I really liked that the levels of people in the cohort really varied so while some fellow students could help me with certain issues, I could, in my own turn, help other with different issues. This way, you never feel too bad about yourself. We also worked really hard, till late in the night sometimes, and the tutors were there to help. They were really nice, supportive and dedicated. For the final project, based the profile of the project, we got matched with someone working in the field. At the end, looking at what I had built, I felt proud and confident that I could take that app further. The tutors also helped us optimise our linked in profiles, we had professional photos taken and really felt that they did everything to help us find a job that we like.For me, the biggest benefit was that I figured out what I liked from web development (specifically Front End development) and that I gained confidence to apply for the job I wanted.The cons are that, indeed, being very accessible, you get people with very different backgrounds and for some it can be very difficult. I had some knowledge of how the web works, of HTML and CSS, but for who doesn't have any knowledge, I think it can be pretty frustrating to dive straight into web development with all its aspects. Also, Back End and Front End are a lot to cover in 3 months, so I would actually prefer it if they were separate. Then you'd have more time to practice everything properly. Sometimes it felt rushed, because we had a curriculum to go through. That's about it. All in all, it's really helpful if you wanna taste the web development world and you're not sure which way to go. It also helps to fill in the gaps, if you have some knowledge already, but in bits and pieces, like I did. Good luck!Read Less",ironhack
"There are two versions of my life :- Before Ironhack- After Ironhack as Full Stack Web DeveloperThis bootcamp, literally changed my life, I'm 100% sure that it's the best bootcamp in Mexico City.Ironhack covers the whole ""full stack in web development"".... Read MoreIf you want to change your life and do something quickly and effectively, learn in Ironhack, it's my best adviceOverall: 100%Curriculum: 100%Job Support: 1000%Read Less",ironhack
"What was my situation before entering Ironhack?1.- An standstill naval engineering career that was leeding me to a self frustration.2.- The need of a steady job in which I could feel valued and useful at the same time.3.- A huge passion for web development.... Read MoreWhat were my expectations?1.- To learn the web programming language properly, both in the front, in which I already had some experience (not so much, as I discovered during the first days of the course) and in the back, where I was a complete newbie.2.- To find a good job to be proud of as a web developer, with opportunities for continuous learning and professional development that would allow me to obtain my desired stability to start building a good vital project.So...how was it?Incredible! A week after finishing the course, after metting almost 40 IT companies, all of them convened by Ironhack and most of them of hight standing, with numerous and attractive professional offers, I was signing with one of those companies that I was attracted the most, furthermore, it exceeded my expectations of learning, self development and gave me the possibility of working with cutting-edge technologies. In the end the extended knowledge I got during the Bootcamp allowed me to create three large projects to present to these companies that led them to get a better idea of ​​my new abilities and recently acquired capacities.What would you highlight?1.- The training, magnificent, very tuned to what companies require and very refined after the experience of many previous bootcamps' feedbacks.2.- The teachers, full of knowledge and close to us, they would always be available, either in person or through the chat that we used.3.- The facilities, forefront and opened 7 days a week in which we passed around 12-14 hours at least 6 of them (7/7 the week of the final project). Comfy, well provided kitchen, WiFi and resting areas.4.- The great level of camaraderie and union shared among the students. As we spend those many hours together in my Bootcamp the atmosphere was always priceless, I had the opportunity to meet some very interesting people with whom nowadays I continue to maintain contact beyond the mere professional level.5.- The large number of Meetups and meetings that are offered to help to expand knowledge and to facilitate net-working.6.- The great work of follow-up and labor orientation that is done during and after the Bootcamp.7.- The enormous effort that is made to generate community among all the Alumni, encouraging them to maintain contact, arranging open Meetups on the Ironhack campus or simply to share a beer on Fridays.IMPORTANT: In case it is not clear, the 9 weeks full-time Bootcamp that I did, requires you to be very very focused on your work (as I said, I only rested one day a week and in the week of the final project not even one). There will be many frustrating moments when you face difficulties and hight demanding code problems. Many of the daily exercises you can not do whole. The teachers are there to help but they will not take you by the hand. Actually all that is in fact designed to be that way, it is precisely this challenge that leads you to quickly acquire the knowledge, resources and ease necessary in the 9 weeks of the course.SUMMARY: Without a doubt, the best decision I ever took. It has allowed me to redirect my career with satisfaction. It has allowed me to acquire great knowledge in a field that I am passionate about. It has helped me to meet great people and to feel part of a community that is always there when you need it. In the end, the reward has been much much greater than the effort invested (also economically speaking). Once an Ironhacker, always an Ironhacker.Read Less",ironhack
"It was an awesome experience who I recommend to anyone thinking to change his career like me.Beyond learning, the atmosphere between staff and all the students was the best.I would definitely repeat!",ironhack
"Pros: everything, going straight forward to what actually is really important to learn, dropping all the bullshit. We learned not only by watching and listening but also by doing, having the chance of doing some projects done during the lenght of the... Read More bootcamp, both in teams and individually. Code week was one of the highlights of the course, because as a designer it is super important to be able to understand and communicate with developers. Also, the hiring week is an amazing boost to enter the digital working environment!!Cons: Almost nothing, just I wish I could do it againRead Less",ironhack
"Before joining Ironhack I was working in a field where I'd a very stressful job but little money. I had my doubts about whether or not I'd be suitable for IT and designing digital experiences, as I had experience in traditional products and events. My... Read More first step into UX was a job interview, I applied for a UX Researcher position and got the interview! I loved the job and thought: ""I definitely can do this!"". Sadly, I didn't get the job due to lack of specific knowledge of the field (mostly tools, techniques, methodologies and vocabulary). Right away I maid the desition of joining the Bootcamp, a shortcut to get a well-paid job that I really liked. One week after starting the UX Bootcamp I thought to myself: ""Now, I'd definitely get the job!"". I learned everything about design thinking, lean &amp; agile methodologies, how to craft a UX Strategy and deliver a meaningful UI, always taking a user-centered approach to problem-solving and product design. Ironhack's staff and the teachers' board were beyond generous to help me achieve my goal, getting my first job in IT and becoming a Digital product creator. I even moved from Madrid to Barcelona and could enjoy career service in either Campus. I got a job during week 6 due to my modest front-end abilities and eagerness to learn more. My classmates are still friends, we try to stay in touch and inspire one another, share job opportunities and help us continue learning. Now I can say I'm fully immersed in IT, have a better-paid job and can see my career evolution in this field. Ironhack gave both technical skills I lacked, coached me in soft skills and offered a great network to start making my way. Absolutely recommend this course if you're looking for an effective change in the Design Field.Read Less",ironhack
I just finish full-time UX/UI Design studies in Ironhack.For me was so important and good experience and I would not doubt to recommend it course.Ironhack is a great place to study and do network.,ironhack
"Doing the Web Development Part-time was a fantastic experience. I started with zero knowledge about Javascript and two weeks after finishing the bootcamp, I have started working as a Front-end developer in an amazing company. This will be so difficult... Read More without attending to this bootcamp, self-learning is a good option, but you won't be able to grow as fast as you will do here, you won't meet amazing people and the Ironhack community. In my opinion, everyone interested in web, not only people wishing to be software developers, should attend this bootcamp, besides, you have the part-time option if you are currently working.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was an amazing experience. I knew nothing about coding before going in but 9 weeks later I feel like I have a solid base to start my coding career. The Instructors and TA's are dedicated to your learning experience and will sit with you and work... Read More things out until you have a solid grasp on whatever concept we're learning about that day. Ironhack is incredibly fast-paced. But as long as you're dedicated, keep studying and keep working hard every day, you won't regret attending. The people you meet will not only help you through the camp but also become your friends for life. Another reason I would suggest this Bootcamp instead of other coding boot camps is Daniel Brito. He's the placements manager at Ironhack and he goes above and beyond to help you find a job after Ironhack. He trains you in what to say for the interview, brings in multiple guest speakers along with presentations, and even organizes a hiring fair that takes place solely for Ironhack grads. He won't rest until you're employed.Read Less",ironhack
"As someone with zero coding background coming into this course, I can honestly say that overall, the experience was life-changing. When it comes to the staff, I've never seen a group of people put so much effort and time into helping out their students,... Read More even if it means staying until 10 PM to try and figure out a problem. The classroom environment was very engaging, we often had code along sessions with our instructor. Sometimes the coding along was a bit difficult to follow because it moved quickly, but after expressing this to our TA's (teaching assistants), they made sure to speak to our professor and it made a huge difference. I would also like to mention how wonderful the hiring fair experience was. Brito went above and beyond to ensure we were all prepared for our interviews (both technical interviews &amp; soft skills interviews) the mock interviews we had leading up to the hiring fair made a huge difference and really helped put life after the Bootcamp into perspective. Wish I could go back and do it all over again!Read Less",ironhack
"From the very beginning Ironhack was a great experience for me, The process was great and there is huge support in the Ironhack community. I feel Ironhack was a great way to embark on my tech career and I would highly recommend it!",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was amazing, I learned a lot and I had no coding background whatsoever . I would have to say that Ironhack staff is one of the nicest and most hardworking group of individuals that I ever met, they work so that the students understand... Read More whats going on in class, and the curriculum goes at the right pace. If you’re wondering if you you want to attend this coding bootcamp or another one I definitely recommend this coding bootcamp, if you work hard and pay attention you’re going to succeed. And after you're done with school, they'll even help you get a job. Overall I definitely recommend iron hack to anybody that wants to learn how to become a web developer! 10/10Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was amazing, I learned a lot and I had no coding background whatsoever . I would have to say that Ironhack staff is one of the nicest and most hardworking group of individuals that I ever met, they work so that the students understand... Read More whats going on in class, and the curriculum goes at the right pace. If you’re wondering if you you want to attend this coding bootcamp or another one I definitely recommend this coding bootcamp, if you work hard and pay attention you’re going to succeed. And after you're done with school, they'll even help you get a job. Overall I definitely recommend iron hack to anybody that wants to learn how to become a web developer! 10/10Read Less",ironhack
"Although the work is intense, working every weekday from 9 to 6 and then most of the time leaving for the night with work to do, and also having projects over the weekend, the payoff is most certainly worth it. In just nine weeks you learn how to develop... Read More applications with the MEAN stack and then get prepped for the interview process and provided with companies interested in hiring Junior Developers. During the nine weeks, work looked like this. We worked on three different modules separated into three weeks each. We would have classes for two weeks and then a project involving what we learned for the third week. A regular day looks like this. In the morning you would study and follow along with a lesson for about three hours. Then you would make an excercise applying these lessons with a partner. After that we would get an hour for lunch and then another block of three hours of learning and then an hour of doing an excercise. The only changes in this were during our project weeks were the workflow was more freeform, and really up to you. There are no tests, no grades, your performance is based on the quality of your projects as they will serve as your portfolio.After these nine intense weeks you get a tenth week of the course which is exclusively prepping for the interview process and the hiring fair. You practice some technical and soft skills with people that usually do that process in their respective companies. The final two days are were you actually interview during a hiring fair held in Ironhack. This looks like speed dating as there are tables set up with companies, and you go and pitch yourself to them for about twenty minutes a pop. Most of the companies that attended our hiring fair well really reputable places that seem like good companies to work at and keep developing skills.The only real downside to this course is how time consuming it really is, requiring you to put the rest of your life on hold for these 9 weeks. Overall it was a great experience and would reccomend it to anyone looking to start a career in development. The only thing you need is the willpower to work this hard for about two months. No previous coding experience is required as they also provide pre-work to get everyone to the same base level.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack gave me an extremely tough and intensive experience. I never programmed before, so Ironhack open a whole new world to me. I never thought i'd understand and learn a whole new lenguage. To be honest, 9 weeks and Ironhack will never be enough to... Read More become a great programmer, but Ironhack is great enough to make you see that you are able to learn new stuff by yourself and to find solutions to difficult challenges on your own. Ironhack puts you on the right path to be autodidact and to keep practicing, improving and developing your skills as a full stack.Read Less",ironhack
"My name is Javi Sevilla, I just finished a UX / UI Bootcamp in Ironhack (Madrid) and I'm delighted with the result. My background in design was, to say the least 0 as my background lay in the world of Marketing, sales and business. Thanks to the Ironhack... Read More team, especially Fabio, who was our lead teacher and absolute master, I have reached a level of expertise I could have never imagined. In UX, we learned key tools and methodologies which are powerful and crucial in the development of businesses, to say the very least. Our learning went beyond technical knowledge and skills, by the end of it you had acquired everything you need to thrive in the UX world.Read Less",ironhack
"I studied computer engineering, once I finished my degree I did not know what to do, because I did not opt ​​for a specific sector, so I decided to direct my professional future towards the sectors where there was more demand, and in my case it was SAP,... Read More I was working with this tool for 6 months, enough time to realize that I didn’t like what I was doing, so I decided to try other technologies, I changed course to another branch in boom, the Big Data sector. I remember this stage with special enthusiasm because I took it with much enthusiasm, I had the opportunity to enter a training in which I learned a lot, and I could make projects for large companies, until the time came when everything starts to seem monotonous, the projects start to be migrations of traditional technologies to Big Data technologies, and all the projects that I was offered were oriented to banking.Just a couple of years, before I got to consider my future I met Ironhack for the WeCode, and the truth is that I left the bug to be able to do it someday. Thanks to the partial scholarship of ForoCoches I could get to consider changing the direction of my career and focus on what I really liked, web development, I do not regret at all, the Ironhack experience has enchanted me, it has been two months of effort and continuous learning that have been worthwhile, I finally feel fulfilled, I feel that I do what I like and that I enjoy going to my future work.Read Less",ironhack
"Previously, I was teaching English overseas and discovered UX design. I decided to join Ironhack (Miami) because of the positive reviews I heard from alumni, on sites like Course Report, who had gone through the program and alumni that I had met locally... Read More in South Florida. I also read about graduates in the local paper who had transitioned from careers like bartending to web development or UX Design. I was also presented with a partial Uber scholarship to attend Ironhack. I wasn't familiar with design or technology. One great thing about Ironhack (Miami) is that people come with a diverse background. Entrepreneurs, lawyers, former construction workers and some who weren't tech savvy. It affirmed to me that these skills can be learned no matter your background.I especially appreciated their instructor’s hands-on learning approach. Like most bootcamps, Ironhack emphasizes a learn by doing approach. I worked on 3 different projects and my instructor and teacher’s assistant were very invested in my work, the process and in honing my skills. I also got comfortable presenting. We presented to each other and at the end of our cohort were required to present our final project.I liked the knowledgeable and friendly staff. Although I didn’t work with the staff, I would constantly see their faces and they were invested in our work out throughout the creative process. They’re often checking in our progress and overall satisfaction with the program and instructors. They also dedicated time for pulling industry leaders from the community to come into our class and present to us. This only affirmed my trust in their level of design knowledge, insight and showed how much they are invested in their students’ success.They dedicated time to job search support. Ironhack (Miami) prepares you well to develop a resume, and offers career support. There is a week devoted to working on interviewing skills (both technical and soft), resume feedback, and a hiring fair. And, at the end of the cohort, they’re constantly checking in on you to make sure you’re working on your career goals even if you didn’t obtain a job through the hiring fair.Ironhack is 9-5 (in-person) but I found the students typically stayed later and sometimes slept in the building. You should come in prepared to work hard. Collaboration is crucial and spending time in Building Co. in Miami will be a part of the experience. Ironhack is fast paced. It doesn’t give you as much time to sit and think about ideas. Often it is more about taking action and figuring it out as you go. Failing fast is something you will have to get used to. Time management is key.Ironhack is highly collaborative. I worked in teams often during hack-a-hons and my cohort. It is a great opportunity to practice communicating ideas to others, but it can also be challenging. Be prepared to learn to have empathy for your teammates. My cohort became a family at the end.The expectations for designers going through Ironhack (Miami) are high. They have a positive reputation in the Miami tech ecosystem. Overall, Ironhack (Miami) was a challenging but great experience. I grew immensely as a designer and as a person.Read Less",ironhack
"I will remember this bootcamp as one of those great, game-changing choices I made in my life.After working as a web project manager in an advertising agency, I decided I wanted to learn to code and looked around Paris for a webdev bootcamp. Unsurprisingly... Read More I found many, met them and had to make a hard choice: who would my money go to? Who would actually keep the promises they make on their website?After reading a lot of good reviews, I chose Ironhack and arrived the first day, still a bit anxious. When I went back home I was fully reassured: I was in the right place with the right people.Those 9 weeks were so intense, yet immensely formative and empowering. The course material is really very up to date and involves continuous practice during the lessons, and 2 bigger exercises every day. Also, I can tell the lead teacher in Paris obviously loves his job because he's very involved, helpful and patient. Finally, the life at school is pretty dense too, with numerous profesionals coming to school for talks.I actually loved it so much there that I took a Teacher Assistant position and am now passing my precious knowledge to other students. And I know after that, finding a job won't be a problem for I've already been contacted by a lot of recruiters, met mainly at the Hiring Week organized by Ironhack after the bootcamp.Needless to say I strongly recommend Ironhack: no matter what your motivation to start a bootcamp is, you probably want to join this one.Read Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack bootcamp has been an incredible experience. During two months, I had the opportunity to learn in a very efficient way how to create full stack products, as well meeting people from diverse backgrounds that now I can call my friends.One of... Read More the most important components of this experience is not the clear and well-explained curriculum, the fun daily challenges or the skilfull teachers, but the community around it. Students, alumni, teachers, TAs and staff gather several times a week for meet-up events about technology or around beers and pizza, making it a great opportunity to network.As a bonus, I had the opportunity to present my final project at Google Campus Madrid as well as attending the hiring week, during which more than 30 companies came over to meet us.Read Less",ironhack
"I learned to code by myself while working in tech support. I wanted to change careers, so I applied to Ironhack's web development 9-week bootcamp. It's a very demanding course, with a lot of new and different concepts, but, once you've finished, you realize... Read More how much you've learned (and not only about coding!). We use good materials in class, and we got help whenever we asked for it, while also learning how to solve problems on our own.Read Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack Bootcamp was a great experience. It is really impressive how much you can learn in just 9 weeks. The learning system is completely hands-on and focuses on situations you will find later in your professional live (using Design Thinking and... Read More Agile methodology). My experience was very positive and I learnt a lot. Also, my fellow students and I became very good friends during this intense time. What I think could be improved, is the writing/drawing material available in class and I would have appreciated even more feedback. I really can recommend everyone interested in this field to participate in Ironhack because it really can change your life.Read Less",ironhack
"For me Ironhack has meant the opening of doors that 3 months ago would have been impossible to even approach them.Those doors to a world that has always fascinated me but for different reasons I have never been able to taste. The world of programming.... Read MoreThe Full-time course of Ironhack is hard and intense, especially for people who had never seen a single line of code like me. However, I can tell you that my experience has been very rewarding. They teach you to think, to look for your life within this exciting sector.Definitely, you get a minimum basis to fight into the real world.In relation to the Ironhack`s staff , I need words to convey my gratitude. They are a group that follow you and support you until you reach the end. And also they look after you even when this bootcamp is over.On the other hand, your colleagues, you will never forget them. We will keep on supporting each other ...Briefly, if someone is still hesitant to change their professional life and would like to start programming, despite of your knowledge or age,I would not think about it anymore and I would pull and go ahead.Thanks to everyone !!Read Less",ironhack
Pros:The program works if you have a good professional background and certain skillsNice multicultural atmosphereNetworking and alumniGreat professorsGreat location,ironhack
"Im so happy, it has been a very nice experience, I have met very professional people and better people.The level of teaching is great.A great family forms all the staff.100% recommended",ironhack
"I had no illusion at all. After 12 years as a WordPress freelancer I had been stuck personally and professionally. I worked alone every day and did the same tasks.I decided that this had to change. I decided to update my knowledge about web development.... Read More And then I found Ironhack.I chose Ironhack because of the opinions I read from former students and because it allowed me to make the change I wanted in 9 weeks.From the first moment I felt very comfortable in Ironhack thanks to his great team. From the beginning you are integrated into the great family they form. And thanks to student selection process, your classmates have the same enthusiasm. They are positive people who will not give up on any problem.His method is incredible. It is impressive to see how people who knew nothing about programming are able to program a full stack site. Teamwork is encouraged at all times and that makes all students improve.My experience was so good that when they offered to follow me as TA I did not hesitate for a second and I stayed.Thanks to all the IronhackersRead Less",ironhack
Loved taking the Bootcamp. It is amazing how much you can learn in just 9 weeks.https://medium.com/ironhack/the-ironhack-web-development-bootcamp-experience-3f63fbc26d49,ironhack
"I am a Marketing &amp; Communication graduate, on my last semesters at university I discovered something I never expected: my true passion was at coding. I started taking some online and in person courses, and as I learned I noticed I definetely wanted to... Read More change my career path and take coding more seriously. At first I tried to study bootcamps online to save money and stay at my city, but it was never enough, there are so many technologies to chose from and so much information online! it can be overwhelming, also I was always distracted with other activities. I found out that I had to make a strong decision and focus with some guidance if I really wanted a fast switch, so I decided to quit my job, move to Mexico City and enter the bootcamp. IT WAS THE BEST DECISION OF MY LIFE! Totally worth it, from beginning to end. I feel like my brain was sleeping my whole life until I was at the bootcamp, I learned so many things, so fast. I can build full stack applications after 9 weeks, something I would have never imagined, my classmates were also great they were always willing to help and make me have a good time, I also found new ways of thinking and living. It really changed my life. Bliss, our teacher was great, he knows so many things, he explains them very clearly and pushes us out of our limits, he is very flexible and puts our learning interests over any rule haha that was awesome. You learn what you need to learn, no useless content. We also had visits from developers of very different areas which gave us insights of their industries and very useful tips.The whole Ironhack team is amazing. Paula was always supporting me to have everything (payments, interviews, applications) ready and easy to be able to enter the bootcamp, if she hadn't been so supportive maybe my life would still be the same. Anahí, Manon and Julian are always looking for us to be happy, learning and meeting new people that will help us be better. Raúl, Oriana, David and Joss are great TAs that will always help you find new ways to solve problems.Stop thinking and change your life, you'll never regret it :)Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was great, I had to attend the course while working and it became a real challenge. The daily tasks, plus the projects and assignments helped me feel a very accurate pressure regarding what I would face later. The teacher is... Read More one of the most accomplished developers I have ever met and always showed us different ways to solve an issue. The staff also proved to be helpful in every step of the way, I would like to specifically thank Anahi for all the support she provided me through the situation I had, it's great to know you are assisted whenever this kind of situations arise. I can only recommend someone to take this bootcamp if they too feel the need to change their panorama, but more important if they are ready to take on a new challenge.Read Less",ironhack
"This weeks attending to Ironhack UX/UI bootcamp have been really really REALLY! intense, powerful, unexpected, can really know how to describe it. I just end the bootcamp two weeks ago and I can see how ready I am to overcome any project, a few weeks... Read More ago I really wasn’t that sure, but now I’m really happy for this feeling and for demonstrating myself how professional I’ve come! If you are doubting about having an ironhack experience or not, just go for it, is going to be the best decision!Read Less",ironhack
"9-week bootcamp that shows design thinking techniques applied to digital product development.An unforgettable experience.With a completely remote background I have achieved a fairly complete training and that allows me to achieve new work goals.",ironhack
"""I have to change my career""I studied industrial engineering because it is a 'generalist' engineer,ing and when I was 18 I hadn't clear at all what I wanted to do. So I decided to suffer studying that degree. I finished my studies and I started to work... Read More as ATM (Air Traffic Management) engineer in a big company. But I wasn't happy and every morning I repeated myself that sentence (""I have to change my career"").I have been always passionate aboyt new technologies, specially everything related to Internet, mobile apps…And when I read that blog on Internet (of a former Ironhack student), something inside of me decided to apply for the web developmente bootcamp at Ironhack. And I have to say, that It was the best decission of my entire life.It was hard, very hard. Because I dind't know so much about coding (2 subjects in my degree), and that was ok for the first 2 days. After that, everything was new for me.Long days (closing Ironhack doors at 23:00), a lot of coke, frustration, happiness after each project (weeks 3, 6 and 9), friends (one of the best things about Ironhack), Ironbeers…But after that, I can say that we are ready to work as web developers. Of course, It won't be easy. I have decided to work in a field that is changing all the time, so I will have to study if I want to be a good web developer. But thanks to Ironhack I am used to work hard to know new technologies.Read Less",ironhack
"I had an over-all really good experience with the full-time web-dev course. I feel like the instructor, Nick, was great for my learning style. The material was, for the most part, really well put together and, for the parts that I felt were not, there... Read More was still a lot of value in going over the material. The help that we get in getting jobs is great, present from the very beggining and gradualy increasing until it becomes the main focus for the week after graduation. In general I feel like I got my money's worthI did have 5 years learning how to code before-hand though, and I feel like that helped me a great deal. So what does this mean for people who have no experience with coding at all? Actually not much. Ironhack provides a pre-work material that I was very impressed by. It has everything that I think someone should know before starting the course. They say it should take about 60 hours of work and they are not kidding. But it has everything you should need to succeed in the class. Again, the material is really good, but you have to go over it. They can only cover so much in class (and it will be a lot) but the course is structured in such a way that, to really get the most out of the course, you should be going over most if not all of the lessons. Then there are the labs. For most days there will be two hands-on labs. Which I thought was great. They are all really great little tests of the topics that have just been covered. Sadly quite a few of them had typos that made the instructions confusing. We did meet the person who is working on fixing them though. A previous Ironhack graduate who is passionate about getting those issues hashed out. So one of the few dings that I would give the class will probably not be relevant to whomever reads this. And for us it was not all that bad, since the instrutor and TAs were aware of the issues and were able to direct us in the right direction.Other than the labs, there are 3 big projects, one at the end of every module. Which is one of the best parts of the course in my opinion. It forces students to create things that they can show as experience and were where I learned the most in the course. Simple examples are great, but putting a complete project together really helps everything sink in. Overall, I would recommend the course to anyone willing and capable to fully commit to put in the time and effort both in and out of class. There is a lot to get out of the course, but you will only get proportionally to what you put in.Read Less",ironhack
"I took the full-time web-development course with Ironhack Paris in Spring 2018. We learned MEAN stack. I am completely satisfied with the course material. It was quite challenging, but I received the support I needed to advance throughout the 10 weeks.... Read More The instructors and staff exceeded expectations. The main instructor, Nizar, teaches in a clear and enthusiastic manner and truly cares about his students' learning. I've been a lifetime student and would not hesitate to say he is one of the best professors I've ever had. I am also pleased with the career services from Ironhack. They helped us with our CVs, our personal brand, and our pitches. All these have helped tremendously during my interviews. Ironhack also sets up a hiring day, where they match students and potential employers for on-site interviews. It was good practice and one company followed-up with me and gave me an offer for a full-stack job (only 6 days after the end of the bootcamp!). Potential, but small issues: 1) I've heard from other students that many companies in Paris are looking for developers who know React.js or Vue.js. We learned Angular. However, I personally haven't had any problems with this, and most companies I have met with so far recognize my ability to learn difficult subjects quickly. Even more, most companies have seemed impressed by the quality of our final project. 2) The course is taught in English, but a decent level of French helps when interacting with TAs, connecting with other students in the class, and finding a job afterward. Overall, I highly recommend!Read Less",ironhack
"Hi! My name is Beltran, I’m 27 years old and I have no programing experience before IronHack.Now, why did I decided to leave everything and start the Web Development bootcamp here in Ironhack? There’s no easy answer to that question so let me put a little... Read More bit of background before trying to explain myself.I started working in Hospitality at the same time I was studying my psychology grade in the university. I always though that this little jobs I was doing were just temporal jobs until I became a Staff member in one restaurant. That was the moment I realized that I didn’t wanted this as my professional career, so I started looking something more related to what I really like, and there is when I found Iron Hack.So i decided to leave everything and start a new adventure in IronHack. And I have to say that I don’t regret at all my decision. My experience in IronHack can be summarized in just a few words: “Fear, surprise, work and ‘Sadpiness’”.Fear? Why Fear?When you decide to make such a change, to get out of your confort zone, to try something new its absolutely normal to feel fear. Fear of change, fear of the future, etc. This fear disappears in the first days of class because you meet a lot of people that have made that change too.Don’t let the fear make your choices.Surprise.That’s what I felt when I started learning “difficult” things that I never heard of before, and I liked them. And talking about them, using them, and even helping others with problems you already faced makes you think “I never though I could learn those things”.Work.I’m not going to lie to you, I spent more or less 12-14 hours a day working there. I entered at 9:00 in the morning at I left between 21:00 and 23:00. Its hard? Yes it is, but its worth the effort. And when you really realized how much time has passed your are finishing your last project on your own, thinking about how fast the bootcamp has passed.Sadpiness.Sadpi… what?Its a new word I have invented because I don’t know how to express the feeling you have when you finish the bootcamp. Its Sad because all the people you met, you suffer with, you laugh and sometimes cried. All that people that helped you and you helped during this fantastic journey, are going to take their paths. The bond you make with them is strong enough to keep the contact and take a beer once a week (or twice). But not only with your companions, all the IronHack Staff is always willing to help you, teachers, TA’s, etc. Thats when you realized you have entered this little big family called IronHack.And of course is Happiness too because when you finish, you look back and see how much you have changed, without knowing it in most of the cases, in just 9 weeks.To finish, people ask me hot to define IronHack, and after thinking about it I just can say one thing: Ironhack is a life changing experience.Read Less",ironhack
"Hi, my name is David. I'm 19 years old. My testimony goes especially for the younger ones. Before Ironhack I was in computer engineering but I got out basically because there was a lot of theory in the classes and I wanted to program. My experience at... Read More Ironhack was fantastic, I have met great people and learned a lot. You learn how to program and also learn how to dealing with stress and how to cope with the devastating schedule that is in the full stack. I really liked the dynamic that they have in ironhack, it's a magnificent lifestyle. At first, I thought it was more serious the environment for being such a prestigious company, but for nothing. They're serious when you have to be, but they're all funny, that's what I like most about the good vibes they have. For people who are thinking of enrolling in this course, I recommend it 100%, it will be an unforgettable trip and I say trip because you are teleported to another world from which you do not leave until you finish it.Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I was working in the HR sector so I hadn’t tech background before the course but I was curious and decided of turning my professional career. I decided to try it and I love the school’s values, so thats make the Ironhack learning experience... Read More worthwhile from the first day.Read Less",ironhack
"When I finished my degree (a double degree in Computer Engineering and Business Administration), I thought that a promising future would open before me."" I was surprised when I discovered that, given my experience and lack of specific technical knowledge,... Read More I could only aspire to positions in Technological Consulting Of course, at the moment, I didn’t want to do a master's degree, so I ended up in a large consulting company, just to say that I lasted 10 months living an experience that I don't want to repeat again, I knew I had to do something that changed the course of my career, or at least to drive it where I wanted to go. ""At that precise moment, I discovered IronHack.9 weeks later, I realized the success of my decision. And best of all: now I can choose where I want to work and know what I have.Ironhack is much more than a web development BootCamp: it's a daily experience, a frenetic pace of work and a passion for learning. Now I can only enjoy the rest of the way.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has been a great experience for me.I was working at El Corte Inglés, one of the biggest companies in Spain, as a Demand &amp; Supply Planner and Product Manager, but I felt I was missing something. I thought that my place was somewhere else, and... Read More a traditional job and a traditional education wasn't enough. I wanted to learn the latest technologies in web development and reorient my career into digital. My experience at Ironhack has been amazing. I hadn't written a line of code before my adventure at IH, but its incredible how they teach you and how you learn to work hard in order to solve all the daily tasks you face every day.The IH team is always supporting you, but at the same time they encourage you to solve the problems by yourself, reading the great documentation they provide you and thinking before doing.Your classmates become part of your family, you learn from they and they learn from you everyday.At the end, when the bootcamp comes to and end, you see how you have been capable of building three great projects using technologies like Angular, Node, Express and Mongo. Companies now days are looking for people that are able to work with this technologies, they listen to you and they show interest on knowing what are your passions and what kind of project you would like to work at in the future.Once an Ironhacker, always an Ironhacker they say.Read Less",ironhack
"As someone who had no experience at all programming, this bootcamp was a great first step and saved me several months of studying on my own. For those who are considering Ironhack and also have no experience at all, I would strongly recommend them though... Read More to take a cpuple of months in advance to properly get familiarized with Javascript and have time enough to prepare the precourse content.About the course, I feel lucky for having had such a great teacher, André, who is so involved and genuinely commited in making all of us learn and achieve our goals during the course. There are also 3 TA's who are super supportive and help you in your daily challenges. And Ironhack's staff is also super nice and willing to help you in whatever you need, especially in the job search.I must say I also did a research before joining Ironhack and it is the best when comparing the ratio quality/cost/timeRead Less",ironhack
"Before I even thought about doing the Ironhack web development Bootcamp I devoted to the tourism industry, working like receptionist and focusing on customer service. Seeing the transformation of the labor market towards technology, I decided to turn... Read More my life around, that gave me a chance to recycle myself and reorienting my future. This experience isn't easy, especially if you never wrote code, I don’t want to mislead anybody, you'll need to be 100% involved in the Bootcamp, interested to learn, above all you must have a spirit of overcoming and curiosity if you really want to absorb everything they'll teach you.You are going to learn mainly tools to improve yourself in this small world which needed professionals. They are going to make you feel like you really are in a company, that is their goal and that's the point of IronHack. In this way, your immersion into the labor’s life will be more comfortable.The best Bootcamp part was when I could know all the community around programming sector, and obviously when you are able to write code which works. I’m also quite proud about the fact that I didn’t have any idea to write code, and I even wasn’t sure I’ll reach my goal, but right now I can say: I did it!Read Less",ironhack
"After working as an IT Recruiter and talking to candidates, I started to get interested in programming. I found about Ironhack looking for ways to become a Developer, and after doing the Web Development Bootcamp, I must say that the experience is totally... Read More worth it. The work rhythm is quite high, but learning to create a full website with the latest technologies in under 9 weeks is no small feat. One of the things I liked the most it's the way Ironhack works: there are no grades, we are all encouraged to help each other and work together, and for the most part of the day we are programming and learning by doing, not by listening. If you are thinking about getting into Web Development, Ironhack is the best option that I know.Read Less",ironhack
"Went to ironhack with 0 experience came out 9 weeks after with a MEAN stack application, it's absolutely inanse to think that you can learn that much in just 9 short weeks. I would recommend this course to anyone who is trying to get into this industry.... Read More The course will require a lot of effort from you and you will not have a social life outside from your campus friends.The teachers and the staff have a lot of experience and will guide you through the process.Read Less",ironhack
"Awesome overall experience.The space is amazing, you can use it 24/7.Lead Teacher and TAs, a big shout out to these guys, they are great.The Sttaff, they are allways there for you, great and very cool ppl.and last but not least, the cohort, we were 19... Read More ppl from 10 different nationalities, super interesting ppl, from different backgrounds.... that made the experience way more amazing.Read Less",ironhack
"It's an amazing experience, I went from almost 0 knowledge of coding to build a MEAN stack application in just 9 weeks.",ironhack
"I went from serving burgers in a restaurant, to making my own full stack web application in 9 weeks. It was difficult, but also amazing.",ironhack
"Two months flew by as they gave me not only the knowledge I needed to be better professional but also new friends. If you're looking for a good web development school, you should drop them a message.",ironhack
"The Web Development course has been a great experience for me.I had previous programming knowledge, but is not required, during the 9 weeks you will learn all necessary to finish the 3 projects.If you have experience programming maybe will be easy sometimes,... Read More but still you will find challenges.I completely recommend the experience, I met amazing people..and I'm already having job offers..Read Less",ironhack
"I attend to the webdev bootcamp in Paris, and it was a super cool experience, first technically it is a really good way to make a career shift (I was a project manager and I wanted to dive into the technical aspect) and it helps me a lot, lots of opportunities,... Read More I'm now able to give life to my project, and it's really rewarding.But I also want to add that the human aspect is really important, being part of a group helps you staying motivated, lot's of solidarity, meeting people from all over the world.. I would definitely recommend it !Read Less",ironhack
"I used to work as a business developer in the wine industry in China. I decided to boost my career by adding some technical knowledge to my business background. I chose the 9 weeks bootcamp because I liked this format. It’s very intense, need to dedicate... Read More yourself 100% to it during 9 weeks day and night but at the end you learn a lot and become a real web developer able to understand the web universe.Most important, because the digital world is in a perpetual movement and new technologies keep appearing and replacing the old ones, Ironhack teaches you how to learn and keep yourself updated.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has been one of the best experiences on my life. I love their fast-paced learning model. It truly changes the complete paradigm on what education is built upon. As a designer, you get the tools to learn and advance your career into a new spectrum.... Read More The staff is extremely friendly. At the end of the day, you spend 8 hours + on campus. And, their job is to make you feel at home as possible. Another great thing that the staff should be rewarded is their leniency. They will be as open and helpful with your academic path as possible. The teachers were great, I personally did like the rotation of teacher's because it provided a fresh outlook every week. This I really appreciated it. Sometimes it collided with my old school way of thinking but, I saw the repercussion of this training model after. Overall I would say that Ironhack deserves a 9/10. If you want to make a difference in your life go ahead an take on this challenge.Read Less",ironhack
"Before deciding to take the plunge, I did tons of research about the UX/UI field and the various bootcamps that offered this course. Having graduated a few weeks ago, I can confidently say that I couldn't be happier that I chose IronHack. I feel as though... Read More I have accomplished more in 9 weeks than I have in any given year. The quality of work that you will be able to put out by the end of this course will astonish you. Of course, like anything, what you put in is what you will get out. This course is by no means a walk in the park. You will have to work hard - long days and sometimes even longer nights, but it is SO worth it. The team and the other students at IronHack become like a family, and the support that you will recevice is like none other. It really feels like a little community. I don't have a graphic / visual design background, so I was a little concerned about the UI section of the course, but IronHack really does a great job of equipping you with the tools and skillsets you need. If you come in with realistic expectations, you will find that IronHack exceeds them. You won't know everything there is to know about UX/UI upon graduation (like anything else, there is a continual learning curve), but you will most certainly have a solid foundation to be able to move forward in a new career. Because of unfortunate circumstances, we didn't have a lead teacher for some weeks of the course, which is why I docked a star. However, the team in Barcelona has already rectified this and have hired a stellar lead teacher who is starting with the next cohort. I would definitely recommend IronHack and the UX/UI course to friends and family. If you are on the fence about it, I say just do it. It will certainly change your life for the best - both professionally and personally. Without a doubt, it was the best decision of my life.Read Less",ironhack
"I am a student who did the Web Dev Bootcamp in part-time in Paris. I was a total beginner in the conding world.Let me explain what was my experience at Ironhack ;)As you may know, the course last 6 months and is separated in 3 parts. At the end of every... Read More part, you have 1 month to make a project that you choose. Every week, you also practice A LOT by doing the exercises, which are really helpful to understand the common mistakes.The first part is for HTML, CSS, and Javascript, which are the basics for front-end development. For me, this was the hardest part, because raw Javascript may have a logic that could be hard to understand at the beginning. But as you go forward you learn a lot, and the teachers are very dedicated to help you. At the end of this part 1, you have to develop a game; which is a very cool way to practice and learn as you code.The second part is the back-end part, learning NodeJs and Express. You just have to learn the logic and copy/paste what is in the Ironhack course and in the documentation to make everything work. You will learn how to manage a database and use APis (Google Maps' API, Spotifiy' API, etc).The last part, my favorite one, is to merge front-end and back-end, using NodeJs and REACT, which is a very cool language. Inititally the plan was to learn AngularJs, but the teacher decided to make us learn React, which is most demanded and very useful for what we will have to do. At the end of module 3, we had 1 month to develop and pitch our product. The final project usually match a professional project you have, and the teacher are really devoted to help you success.To conclude all of this, I really enjoyed my experience at Ironhack, with a super team, super teachers and lot of great people met. I particularly enjoyed :- the ambiance- the dedication of the team to help you succeed- the flexibility and kindness of the teachers- the courses offered, with all the exercises you have to practice.Amazing experience and School, THANKS a lot !Read Less",ironhack
"After 4 long years of studying International relations at Georgetown University I decided to take a radical turn with my academic and profesional life and that is when I found Ironhack. I had become increasingly interested in the technological and design... Read More world, but as I had no experience whatsoever I did not know where to start. However since I was not planning on enrolling on a full-time masters after four intense years of college and I was not sure the technological world was indeed my path, I decided an intense 9 week web development bootcamp( in which they guaranteed you would come out knowing how to program a website was my next step. So... I took the leap ! If you need to know anything before making the decision of joining any of their bootcamps , it is that in Ironhack they do not take the word intense or bootcamp lightly. In the 9 weeks of coding, I was waking up and falling asleep thinking of coding; I was even dreaming with coding. Every day was a new challenge, not just in terms of learning to code but in keeping mental strength to continue on and not surrender. I considered myself one of those people who knew the basics of technology because I was born in the generation of technological develpment, however when I finished course I knew the inner workings of apps and website and how to program them myself. It was a tough experience for sure, but one that I am grateful for every day. The team could not be more caring, they are always willing to help or lend an war and the Ironhack community makes you feel like part of the family from the first day you enter their doors. In 9 weeks of your life you use your full mental capacity and realize that if you work hard and have persaverence you are able to achieve a profound knowledge in only 9 weeks of your life. You realize you do not need 4 years of a masters in order to dominate a subject as complex as porgramign and that you're are able to achieve Wonderfull projects if you set your mind to it. I also did the UX/UI design bootcamp which I will talk about in another post! But if you're are thinking of joining Ironhack, I would not think twice! Take the leap it is 100% worth it!Read Less",ironhack
"I applied to Ironhack (Web dev part-time) to power up my JavaScript skills as an Analytics Consultant. But I learned so much more compared to my initial expectations. You will learn how to build your own application with the main trendy stack (Node JS,... Read More MongoDB, Express, React). The course was intensive and sometimes painful but the experience was great. The teachers are very helpful and pedagogues.At the end of the course, you will be more confident in yourself and you will be prepared for your next adventure. Thanks IronHack :-)Read Less",ironhack
"I was part of the first generation Web Development Bootcamp at Ironhack Mexico City. I would definitely recommend this bootcamp to anyone who would love to kickstart their programming career. These are my three recommendations if you’re looking to become... Read More the next Ironhacker. -Finish the Pair Programmings and dailies that are assigned daily.By doing so, you will benefit a great amount! -Share your knowledge! -We work is a great place to study, and also to meet and network with people. Make the most of it. This experience was life changing! I learned a lot about my potential and most of all what I was truly capable of. I’m happy and proud to be part of the Ironhack Family. Don’t forget that knowledge is ubiquitous, don’t be afraid to embrace it.Read Less",ironhack
"In 9 weeks I learnt all what I needed to be able to apply for UX jobs I already passed several interviews. The companies I met were all impressed by the projects that we realized in such a short time. The best answer to know if the bootcamp was valuable... Read More or not. For me, it changed everything and I finally work on great projects and problems.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack UX UI Bootcamp was exactly what I was looking for: pivot my career and be ready to the market in 9 weeks. The course is 100% focused in practice. No stupid exams and marks. If you work hard, at the end you'll have 3 awesome projects to show to... Read More the companies in your portfolio. Intensity, teamwork and passion! This is Ironhack :)Read Less",ironhack
"One of the questions that I get asked most by prospective students is what I feel the return on investment has been. In my case, I was able to transition from a career in manufacturing to web development in a new country (France) and without speaking... Read More the local language. I landed a job within one month of graduation! Ironhack definitively played a key role in this transition. Therefore I would recommend it to anybody looking to jumpstart their tech career!The frameworks taught in the boot camp are aligned with the needs of the industry and provide you with the necessary knowledge to continue your journey afterward. Having learned Vue during the boot camp, it has not been difficult to learn React as an example. Additionally, and this is something that sets Ironhack apart from the competition, we had the opportunity to interact directly with UX/UI designers/students. It sensitized me to the importance of UX/UI and my projects benefited greatly from the feedback I received.What I would recommend prospective students is to talk with the teachers. Ask them a couple of questions and see if the way they explain the concepts fits your needs. You will spend a lot of time asking questions and the teacher answering them, so the interaction must work for you. You can also talk to the students (and enjoy a couple of beers while at it) or attend the hack shows to take a look at the products the students built. The aspect I enjoyed the most about the boot camp was the people involved. The staff was very supportive and all students were just great. In summary, it was the right decision for me and if you have a clear goal Ironhack is definitively going to help you achieve it.Read Less",ironhack
"After working in retail management for 4 years I was looking for a change in my career. I had a few friends who had done web dev bootcamps and after doing some research and speaking directly with post-ironhack graduates, I knew I had to apply.First of... Read More all, I was extremely nervous applying to Ironhack. I had absolutely no experience with coding and I tried to teach myself a ton before the interviews. After visiting the Miami campus at Building.co and being accepted, I knew I wanted to attend because the environment was so welcoming.My experience at Ironhack was amazing. The staff and fellow students were part of what make it so great. Everyone is so helpful and the environment is really condusive to learning together and working through the bootcamp.I have to shout out the staff, especially Sandra, Pat, Jess, and Brito for making the experience seamless even though the workload was very intensive at times. The TA's I had at the time, Sandra and Jess were especially incredible during the duration of the course.With all that being said- I highly recommend Ironhack. I would honestly do it again if I could because I learned so much in such a short amount of time. The three months went by SO FAST. I feel very comfortable with my web development skills now and I can't believe I knew absolutely nothing about it just 4 months ago. If anyone is reading this and on the fence about joining, just go ahead and apply and join! You will get a return on your investment and you will learn so much.Read Less",ironhack
"I’ve asked some Alumni and people from tech industry before starting Ironhack and everybody told me that it was one of the best opportunities to change my career and improve my skills fast and successfully. They also told me it was going to be a big challenge.... Read More Last two months I’ve only lived for the bootcamp. From early in the morning till almost midnight. The results got over my expectatives. I’ve learned a lot of techniques and processes like GV Design Sprint or Design Thinking to get focused to user centered design. Tools like Sketch, InVision or Flinto are now on my daily routine and I’ve even learned to make my own websites with HTML, CSS and notions of Javascript.The lead teacher, Fabio Korsos, is an experienced designer that worked with some of the most successful companies in Spain. Fabio and the Teacher Assistants are always ready to empower yourself, make you an autonomous professional, and guide you to a world where continuous learn is mandatory.Atmosphere is a BIG plus. The staff make you feel like home from the first day and they are always looking after your progress and success. Matadero is a great location in the city, one of the best cultural venues with a lot of space to chill and relax when you are working hard on your projects. Friday afternoon is time for Ironbeers where you can meet Alumni and make networking with other tech professionals. 2 or 3 times per week they organise open house talks about different tech related topics with important professionals of different fields.Last days of the bootcamp we’ve met with dozens of companies from different sectors. From startups to big companies decided to hire us as UX/UI designers. I can’t be more excited about my professional future!Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Iron Hack can only be described as amazing! It was a challenge everyday, but the great teachers and classmates made it much easier. You learn all you need to be a good UX UI Designer and to feel confident to go out there and show it!",ironhack
"¿Expectativas?... Si, soy consciente de que las expectativas en parte las se las crea uno mismo y lo he tenido muy en cuenta a la hora de redactar esto. En el caso de IronkHack, la promesa de marca es fuerte. Transmiten una imagen poderosa y solvente,... Read More bien gestionada. Una imagen ganadora. Diría que la realidad llega sólo al 70% de lo que cabe esperar a la vista de su marketing.A lo concreto: el curso en el que he participado estaba al 100% de su capacidad en asistentes. No cabía ni uno más. 24 alumnos en total. Han doblado lo asistentes respecto a las convocatorias inmediatamente anterior y posterior. Pero no han doblado los recursos. Eso es un hecho. El sistema de TA (profesores asistentes) no profesionales, a mi juicio, no funciona. Si bien el profesor principal presenta la experiencia y cualidades adecuadas, las TA's eran inexpertas y su criterio fácilmente cuestionable. El feedback, algo imprescindible para los alumnos sobre la marcha y resultado de sus proyectos, ha sido insuficiente, en algunos casos inadecuado (hay que dar argumentos, ser riguroso, razonar la posturas, por favor... Esto eso que tratáis de enseñarnos a nosotros los alumnos) y hacia el final del curso, cuando más lo necesitábamos, raquítico. A veces teníamos que andar ""a la caza"" del profesor. Decisiones como la elección del tema para nuestro proyecto final han estado totalmente condicionadas por las TA's, que en mi opinión no han estado a la altura y no han dado el asesoramiento adecuado.Globalmente les doy un 6,5. La relación calidad-precio: caro.Read Less",ironhack
"These last two months at Ironhack have been some of the hardest of my life, but also rewarding and fun, so they've certainly been worth it! Now I am able, thanks to the knowledge I have learned, to work on what I am passionate about.Thanks to the entire... Read More Ironhack team for making this change in my life possible.Read Less",ironhack
"I really enjoyed it very much, it's a very intense bootcamp, but it's amazing how much you learn in so little time",ironhack
I really liked the UX/UI program. The teacher were great. I learned all the methodologies and tools that the industry is using today. Ironhack also gave me the contact to the local companies.,ironhack
"I attended the Full-time Web-Development course in Paris from January to March, and I strongly recommend it for people like me who want a career change. The pace is fast but teachers are great and there's a nice and positive atmosphere within the group,... Read More everybody working hard and helping each other.The professional support is also very good: it took me two weeks to find a Junior Developer position in a French start-up thanks to the job meetings organized during the last week, whereas I didn't have any experience in this field before the bootcamp! More and more companies trust Ironhack today for the quality of its program and the good methods they teach.It's not an easy journey but if you're really motivated you can do it, and it will open you many doors.Read Less",ironhack
"If you want to start programming but dont know where to start Ironhack is the place for you, this bootcamp will teach you step by step how to become a full stack developer. Not only will you learn how to code but you will also get to know people from... Read More the top tech companies like IBM, or tech startups that will change the world. Overall Ironhack is a great experience that is definitely worth it and the best way to start your coding carrer since you learn form the best.Thank you Ironhack!!!Read Less",ironhack
"Pros: Great school. Alan and Brito were great!Free beer, coffee, snacks, and the occasional pizza is available for all student.I got many many many job interviews and was able to get a job offer within 3 weeks after graduation.Cons: The curriculum was... Read More not so great. Typos, outdated instructions, some lessons were skipped, and you had to wait for the class teacher to troubleshoot the LESSONS GIVEN TO YOU BY IRONHACK because they were incorrect. But my biggest gripe was that the lesson instructions were outdated. If you followed some of the instructions step-by-step, your app would fail. This was incredibly frustrating. You couldn't really study at home because you couldn't trust the instructions. You'd had to wait for class to find out if the material GIVEN to you was either correct or incorrect. I hated that because I paid a ton of money and I received sub-par class materials.If it wasn't for Alan's fast troubleshooting and helpful guidance to overcome the incorrect provided instructions, by whoever wrote the curriculum directions, as well as Brito's amazing help to find me a job fast AND my very own will to invest extra money in outside sources like Pluralsight, Codeacadamy, and books, I would have given IRONHACK a piece of my mind and legally disputed the payment sent to them. My recommendation to IRONHACK is to replace whoever wrote the instructions that we followed daily in class with someone who is more dedicated to double-checking their work. Class instructions need to be accurate and easily readable. Memes and incorrect instructions don't teach us anything.I also hope the class materials, that I PAID for, are updated continuously as time goes by. The instructions are ONLINE for god's sakes. I'm an alumnus of this school and as a customer who paid money, I should be able to go back to the material to study without worrying that my course materials are outdated or forgotten, even 5 years later. Everyone should have access to the same material whether you're from the first class ever in Ironhack to the 50th. If you update the instructions, it should update for ALL who have access to the student portal.In conclusion: The school is overall great. Alan and Brito were amazing and have earned my respect and it's because of their great work ethic that I did not raise hell. I couldn't say the same for the person who wrote the instructions found in http://learn.ironhack.com/If you're a student, I recommend you review the course material within the first week with someone else to make sure your material is correct. So that if it is not accurate, you ask for a refund without issue. Thanks for everything.Read Less",ironhack
"I was part of the first generation at Ironhack Mexico, and I have to say it was a completely satisfying experience.I had my doubts before attending the bootcamp, not really about Ironhack itself, but the concept of a bootcamp. As I was essentially uprooting... Read More my life and moving to a different country (I'm Peruvian) to change my career. I was unsure if it would live up to its reputation, both in terms of the curriculum and the job assistance afterwards.But Ironhack met every single one of my expectations. I learned so much in so little time, that it still amazes myself. The curriculum and learning tools are great, and the teachers are even better. Ironhack has not only taught me a lot, but it has given me the tools and perspective I needed to keep learning on my own, which I already started to do.It's only been 2 weeks since the bootcamp ended. The job assistance has been great. We had the hiring week shortly after the bootcamp ended, and the companies outnumbered us, some of them were even looking to fill multiple positions. I can't recommend it enough, it's certainly not easy, and you have to put in a lot of work, but in the end it's worth it.Read Less",ironhack
"I think when evaluating such a massive life and financial decision as a coding bootcamp, the most important aspect of the review is how likely the camp is to get you a job. I can say this: I came into Ironhack with an incomplete computer science degree... Read More and no meaningful work experience, and left with three scheduled job interviews, and I had a competitive entry-level developer job offer within two weeks of graduating. I don't think my experience is typical, but I do feel safe in assuming that if you come here prepared and work hard while you're here, you can leverage the experience into a new career.Before signing up, though, it's worth mentioning that the curriculum and instruction is in a period of transition. The previous instructor, Nizar, moved from Miami to Paris, and was replaced with Louis. Louis lacked Nizar's experience, and became less professional as the cohort went on, being less prepared for more advanced material and often leaving mid-day, letting the TAs (Jess and Sandra, who were both fantastic) manage the class. Louis isn't coming back - he decided to go to Japan after finishing the cohort - and I'm not sure who his replacement is. If you're interested in the camp, that's the first thing I'd ask about.The curriculum is largely solid, but has a few intermittent bugs and grammar issues. Honestly, though, I'd rank it above my college experience in terms of usefulness and structure, as well as any class I've seen on places like Udemy. It's intelligently structured, and gives you the information required to learn the skills necessary to complete exercises and build projects. They're also actively working on fixing issues in the curriculum right now, and it's a safe assumption that you will have a cleaner experience with the material than I did.I think the quality of the job assistance matters more than the quality of instruction in a bootcamp - realistically you could teach yourself everything here with a few Udemy courses, a solid work ethic, and maybe some contacts in the coding community or online - but it's hard to leverage that into a job. Job assistance is where Ironhack shines. Their job placements manager, Daniel Brito, is constantly working phones and email to get respected developers in the community to give presentations and companies looking for talent to come to hiring fairs. He has tons of resources to teach you how to manage your job hunt, and is pretty much constantly available for questions on Slack (or in emergencies, his phone). This effort is reflected in the experience - if you do as he says, you'll develop contacts in the Miami tech community, which will lead to job offers. It's also worth noting the location is incredible. The building is right next to a train stop in downtown Miami as well as a decent parking garage, and is blocks away from dozens of fantastic restaurants. The building itself is also amazing - it's a well-appointed coworking place with free snacks, coffee, and beer on tap. It was scary signing up for Ironhack, but I honestly think it was the smartest decisions I've ever made in my entire life. I learned an employable skill in less than three months, got to make dozens of friends with other like-minded and driven people, and leveraged the experience into a new job. Expect to work hard - the 400 hour estimate they give you is low, and the most successful students were those that showed up a few hours early and left a few hours later - but if you do, it'll change your life.One more thing - if you decide to sign up for Ironhack, take a cohort date a few months from now, and spend some time learning the material. Colt Steele's Web Development bootcamp and Advanced Web Development bootcamps on Udemy are a fantastic primer for the large majority of the class, and completing at least the first course beforehand will give you a huge leg-up on learning skills well and making solid, presentable projects, which will help you significantly when job hunting.Read Less",ironhack
The web dev course was great. Very intensive but fun and child atmosphete too. You get taught industry standard techniques and much of the CS theory if you want to. Also we had extra sessions on how to make it in the culture of the tech industry. Excellent... Read More experience.Read Less,ironhack
"I graduated from the part-time Ironhack Course in January, 2018. Looking back I'm truly upset I did not join IronHack sooner. l belive coding bootcamps like Ironhack are truly challenging traditional schooling. IronHack helped me gain a future-proof skill,... Read More separating myself from the majority of the US's workforce, for 1/10th of the price in 6 months. Also I didn't have to forfeit my salary to accomplish my goals. Graduating from Ironhack I had two job offers. One from a company brought to the hiring fair by Daniel Brito, and another from (my-then) employer. Will this course be easy? This course will NOT be easy, but do not let that discourage you! As everything else in life you get out what you put in. From my experience the students that would log the hours doing the course's excercises and learn on their own had the best portfolio. Having a great portfolio translates to...job offers!!! (Log those hours behind the screen and build something damn it!)Ironhack StaffIn short the staff is excellent. Remember they are there to ensure your success. The coding bootcamp model only works with the success of each and every student. Their whole business model depends on the students' success, therefore they bend over backwards to make sure we are not only happy but successful. Special thanks to my professors (Alan + Nick) and TA's (Sandra + Gus). My success was a direct reflection of your hardwork.Classroom EnvironmentThe classroom environment is built to facilitate creative learning. Building.Co provides a nice shared workspace that helps foster a sence of community. The 3rd floor patio is a nice getaway even in the middle of downtown. Lastly, there is beer on tap. This is especially nice to relax and network with classmates. OverallIronhack has helped me become more niche (valuable) in the tech industry. I am extremely impressed with the overall product they provide. I have a Master's Degree and this bootcamp made me more valuable in 6 months then my previous 6 years of education. Furthermroe I made my initial return on investment my first year as a programmer. If you are considering programming but do not know where to start, Ironhack is the place. Bet on yourself and double down you will not regret it.Read Less",ironhack
"Overall my experience was very satisfactory. I knew almost nothing about coding and felt like a left knowing the basics, and where and how to continue my studies.The curriculum, when it comes to beginners, is very complete, although I have heard from... Read More more expreinced programmers that it teaches some technologies that are no longer relevant. Still I feel it escaletes in a way that it doesn't overwhelm people who are just starting to learn this language.The TA's where the best part of the course, they were completly devoted to the cohort on a very personal level, doing overtime and putting in all the effort they had so that we could get a good learning experience out of this.Unfortunetly I cannot say the same for our instructor, who didn't seem very invested in our cohort, and after encountering some frustrations with the curriculum I guess, lost all interest in teaching. The staff was very friendly, but seemed to be a bit desorginzed. I say this because there where several trips and exchanges of personal, which didn't leave much time for us to get to know them and learn from them.One thing I would advise strongly, which I think was a big error in my experience, is to never leave the cohort with less than 1 instructor and 2 TA's. Unfortunatley in our last two weeks, which coincided with the two weeks we had to prepare our final projects, our teacher left every day at 1pm, and didn't help much during the morning he was there, and one of our TA's took another position within Ironhack, which left just one person helping a class of 20. This was extremly unfair, for everybody had doubts and needed help, but there was only one person to clear them. Thankfully in the second week a new TA joined the class, but even though he had good predisposition, he had not been with the cohort during the whole course, so the amount of help he could provide was different.Still, taking the good and the bad, I think I learnd a lot, and I'm happy with the experience.Read Less",ironhack
"During February and March I've coursed the UX/UI Bootcamp in Ironhack. It was the experience of my life!At the beginning of the course I didn't have many expectations that the User Experience world was serious enough or that there were many job opportunities.... Read MoreAfter these two months of intensive course, I discovered something that I'm super passionate about and that I now consider fundamental in the future of every company. I believe that the UX is beginning to be more and more recognized, and companies are realizing how important it is.Ironhack is a magnificent course, in which I have learned by doing. All have been practical cases that assimilate the reality with which you will face tomorrow. We have learned both working methodologies (design thinking, lean, agile) and tools (canvas) and above all, a clear structure of how to carry out a project from the beginning (UX) through design (UI) to the end (presentations of projects to the bosses, recognized people and classmates). We also had a week in which we learned the basics of front-end to know how to behave in the working world with the developers and work hand in hand with them!In short, without hesitation I would do this course a thousand and one more times!The teachers and all the activities were TOP!Stop by the Campus in Madrid and get to know how they work!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack Bootcamp course was the most intense experience I ever had.Those 9 weeks were non-stop learning. You really need to force yourself to overcome some rough moments when the learning is too much, but it's totally worth it.I had previous knowledge... Read More on front-end, but nothing compared with the way we learn in Ironhack.The method of learning, the teachers, and all Ironhack staff are great.Completing this Bootcamp was a great step forward in my career.Read Less",ironhack
"I was used to a more traditional high school or university learning method (based on memorizing useless stuff which one forgets in just a few days), but now I can say that I have learned things that actually matter to me. Not only in the UX/UI part, but... Read More also in the personal one. It´s been a completely different environment for me, with completely different problems and completely different people. But I just have good words for them. From the teachers, TAs and staff; to my classmates. All of them have been the support that I needed to complete this stage of my life, being there for me whenever I needed them.But I won´t lie, I´ve thought about quitting. Several times. The fact of being “alone” in such a challenge, was the hardest thing for me to deal with. No free time, none of my friends, (almost) none of my family, neither my native language speakers… I remember not speaking English after 5 pm the first days of classes just because I was tired of it. Now, I have daily English conversations and I don´t even realize in which language I´m talking.I´m not pretending to be a role model with an inspirational story to tell, I promise. I just feel I have the need to share this experience and how grateful I am for having the opportunity to live it. Thank you all, IronFamily.Read Less",ironhack
"I took the 9 weeks UX/UI Bootcamp and thanks to Ironhack, I now have the tools to start my career as UX/UI Designer. It gives you a good overview of both UX and UI methods and Ironhack is a great place to grow. The staff is always here to help you and... Read More you'll be rewarded with lots of opportunities. My overall experience is very positive and I'm happy to have made this choice.Read Less",ironhack
"It has been a great experience to be part of the Ironhack family notice I'm saying Family and no Staff because that is what they are a big, lovable family, from the pantry to the top. The immersive bootcamp at Ironhack beat all my expectations and more.... Read More Hands On program from the first minute, with highly skilled and experienced professionals who makes of the learning process a memorable event. UX DESIGN it's a revelation in my live , without knowing I was doing parts of the process in my daily routine. I can tell is a life change, a new universe, a great adventure. Thanks Ironhack for teaching me all the tools to success in this new career. I'll be always proud to be an #IRONHACKERRead Less",ironhack
"I was at a point in my career where I needed to completely change, and in Ironhack I have found the training, professionals and colleagues I needed to do so. I could not be happier with my decision. It has been nine of the most intense weeks of my life,... Read More but also the most productive and effective. Two months in which my life has only been Ironhack.Smile, enjoy and have attitude. Keep an open mind, manage frustration, work as a team and be willing to learn. Then you will feel like the future is yours.It's worth it!Read Less",ironhack
"As part of the first generation of Ironhack Mexico, I am completely satisfied with the program they offer and if you are seeking to start your career as a developer, the Ironhack Bootcamp is the booster you are looking for.If you are already taking the... Read More bootcamp or next to enter, take advantage of the potential of the projects that you are going to develop, keep in mind that the hiring week at the end of the course is vital so that you can get a job as a developer as soon as possible with the best startups in Mexico.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the IronHack Web Development full time course and absolutely loved it! It was really intense, I found myself studying every weekend instead of going out with friends, but it was worth it.You will learn to create awesome full stack web applications... Read More with MongoDB, Express, Angular, Node.js, HTML and CSS.The teachers and TA's are great, the classroom dynamic is fun and you get to know a lot of people that by the end of the bootcamp will be very good friends.I must say that it's a hard course, you need to work really hard in order to comprehend and master every topic, you will struggle but in the end you will prevail.By the third week you'll be programming a video game, and you will no longer recognize who you were before. You will realize how much you've learn and what amazing things you can make from scratch.I highly recommend this course and I invite every single person who ever had the urge to be a programmer to change their life, apply, and become an Ironhacker.Read Less",ironhack
"I just completed 9-week Ironhack web development bootcamp and need to say it's been an incredible experience. I came into this experience with minimal programming ability and left with all the tools needed to build modern, full-stack applications.When... Read More I first started I was asking myself ""can I do this?"", now I'm asking ""what's the coolest thing I can build next?"". I'm confident that this experience will carry me far in my professional carreer as a developer.It's a hard course. The content and homework will take up every day of your week during the 9 week course, so be prepared to work and struggle and try the most you can every day. It's worth it.The professors of the course are super knowledgable and readily available for questions whenever you have doubts or need a push in the right direction. The staff overall also provides a lot of programming and outside events, job development assistance and career assistance at the end of the course, including a hiring week at the end of it all where you can connect with employers and show off your projects and skills.This course surpassed my expectations so many ways and helped me do so much more than I thought possible in the time it took to learn it.Read Less",ironhack
"Going in as a newbie and having almost no idea of coding, this was a great experience. Learned a lot in 9 weeks, we build a lot of useful projects.",ironhack
"It took me a while to make the decision to join Ironhack and even when I thought that I was already decided, I found myself with doubts when I was doing my pre work before the bootcamp, but I knew I was ready for new challenges in the world of UX. I don't... Read More have any design or IT background; I come from the world of retail operations so I was scared of being in disadvantage comparing myself to other people who were coming from a design background. In reality, you have nothing to worry about; the good think of having people that come from a design background is that you can get inspired by them and know what other tools and skills are out there so you can continue learning when you finish the bootcamp. I have now completed my course and I am very happy for the decision I made. I've spent 9 weeks with people that are now like family. We were supporting and motivating each each other, which makes you grow even faster. They were the most intense 9 week of my life as I was exposed to a vast amount of new information, new tools (sketch, invision, marvel, flinto,..) and daily deliverables. I had lack of sleep, I didn't have time to see friends... but the harder you work the greater you will when you get to the final project. it was a real challenge for me but I am very excited for the opportunities I have ahead thanks to this bootcamp.The schools is also a great place for networking. There are always very interesting talks and events and the teachers and staff at the schools are super humble, happy and helpful.Good luck!Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the IronHack Web Development full time course starting January 2018 and would absolutely recommend this course to others! I started this course not knowing anything about coding at all. My first two weeks were kind of hard to get the hang of... Read More and catch up to the others around me, but honestly between the instructor and the two best TA's I was quickly able to get the hang of it. One of the most important skills I learned in the course that I will take through my whole career is when you get stuck make sure you take at least two hours searching every resource you can before approaching your teacher or boss with the question. Which then leads into don't be afraid to ask questions, just make sure you have all the evidence to back up that you've tried your hardest to locate the answer and truly they will respect that. Overall I had such an amazing experience and am thankful for the course. As goes for the instructors/TA's, the instructor I would say did his best but I would not have done as well if it weren't for my TA Sandra. She is easily the most dedicated and amazing type of support I've got from any instructor even with my four years of college! The school environment is awesome! We had corn hole championships with the class and hello free beer! Also the career advisor Brito is a genius! He really dedicates his time to helping you get a job and not just any job but the one for you! In summary I had an amazing experience here and hope you do too!!Read Less",ironhack
"If you're serious about learning how to be a developer and getting a job as one, I don't think there are many better routes to go than attending this bootcamp. Ironhack provides for you the resources to learn an awful lot about development thanks to its... Read More former teacher Nizar. It really comes down to how badly you want to work to stand out and have enough knowledge and programming ability to get hired. If you put in the work, you will stand out and Ironhack's placements manager Brito will get you interviews. Ironhack's networking opportunities were just as instrumental as the learning opportunities towards getting me a position as a developer. If you're looking to just show up and magically become a talented programmer who's going to get hired, you're probably going to end up disappointed. Becoming even a remotely talented programmer takes an awful lot of time, and two months isn't much. If you're willing to sacrifice as much of it as you can, then this course will be well worth your time and money.Read Less",ironhack
Best school for UX designer and web dev!!! I highly recommend it.,ironhack
"Because of work, I had to enroll in the part-time UX/UI Design program at Ironhack and I am so happy I did regardless of the late nights and crammed weekends. Entering this program not only has it provided me with the amazing toolset I need in the UX/UI... Read More world, but it also has given me a new network and amazing support system. I'm extremely thankful for my professors for taking the time to coach me and as well as Brito for being so diligent with me in finding the next step for me post-Ironhack. Thanks guys!Read Less",ironhack
"I follow the bootcamp of UX/UI in Paris in january 2018 ! I had an amazing experience as much on the human side as the class itself. I learned so much during 9 weeks. The added value of Ironhack is also their network, we just finish the bootcamp and we... Read More already meet so many companies interested in our profil.Read Less",ironhack
"If you are ready to give a flip to your career or you just want to add a great tool to your resume, Ironhack Miami is the place for you, they offer an immersive 9 weeks boot camp that is just amazing, the best thing beside their curriculum is definitely... Read More the people, every single member is there to help, if your not completely satisfied on every part of the process they are right there to help you in every step until you feel back on track. It is a very challenging experience and you need to be 100% committed to succeed, and as much as you put an effort to excel on this cohort the more you'll get back from it. Even now after finishing the course we're getting placement support from Brito and all of the updates for the networking events to keep ourselves connected to the program. I personally want to thank to all of the staff and the instructors: Alia, Jess, Pat, Savy, Marissa, Brito, Alex and Maite; all of them were an important part on my process to become a UX/UI Designer and I can't wait to be in the position to give back to the community. Sincerely, Marcos.Read Less",ironhack
"Whether you want to change careers or add to your knowledge Ironhack's UX/UI Design Bootcamp is an asset!You will get exposed to a vast array of the tools and methods used by designers in the industry as well as real-world experience guided by your instructor.... Read MoreYou will also get to apply what you learn while working on your group or individual projects.Guest speakers are industry professionals who will inspire you and give you tips on how to be a great designer.Real talk, Ironhack was one of the most challenging things I've done in my life. It's 8+ weeks of early mornings and late nights not for the weak-willed (Pro-tip if you're lazy just stay away!) In the end, you will get out what you put in: 3-4 projects for your portfolio, an industry recognized certificate and an experience that will be very hard to forget. After that, the rest is up to you! Get out there and keep learning!Read Less",ironhack
"With my graphic design background, I decided to turn my career towards user experience. I have been given the tools to make quality research to understand a user problem and also a clear idea how the tasks in companies are organized. Today, at the end... Read More of the Bootcamp, I am a lot more curious and aware of digital technologies. The experience made me grow humanly and for future undertakings.Thank you Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack lived up to everything it promised. We learned a relevant technology stack ( MEAN stack) that quickly makes all of Ironhacks's graduates competitive in the workforce. The program was challenging and absolutely rewarding as you learn to deal with... Read More tight deadlines and presentations. Moreover, we learned to program using Javascript for the client (front-end) and server (back-end) in order to build full-stack applications using the strongest language on the web. Finally, you will make friendship during the cohort that will last a lifetime.The best part of Ironhack is its dedicated staff that is there to help you every step of the way. Alan Cardero (Teacher) allowed me to have my first ""aha"" moment as I discovered server-side coding and learned how to build RESTful web services. Also, Daniel Brito (Placement Manager) will give you the plan of attack to land the Web Dev job you're looking for. He is deeply connected with the tech community in South Florida and cares profoundly for each students career path. As for myself, the training I received has helped me excel at my current job as a Technical Recruiter. It gave me the ability to become an excellent Technical Recruiter on the Software Development side.Read Less",ironhack
"I did the full-time Web Development Bootcamp in Miami (winter 2018). I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to get their feet wet in web development industry. Besides the up-to-date knowledge you get, you also join an AMAZING community.... Read More Everyone I met there is a hard-working, super smart, talented, ambitious and like-minded individual.You don't have to have any experience in programming but without one it will be challenging for you, so be ready. I suggest taking CS50 (Harvard's free online course - intro to computer science) prior to this course. After completing CS50 you can definitely see if programming is for you.Here are some tips:- There will be a lot of information to digest. You need to get serious about your time management. Limit your work, parties, and other activities.- During the course, try to complete all pair programming and independent exercises each day. It will help you later with your projects.- Choose your projects wisely and don't neglect front-end (design).- If you are not local to Miami and going to rent a place - try to find one as close as possible to the school, so you don't have to waste your time commuting. Brickle is a great area, safe and everything in a walking distance, including Ironhack.- Read the review by Francis Calizo. He wrote very valuable tips.TA's (Jess and Sandra) were super helpful, as well as Ironhack's placement manager Daniel Brito.  One of the best decisions I had made in my life!Read Less",ironhack
"I did the 9-week Full time Web Development Bootcamp in Miami. The experience was absolutely amazing and unforgettable. Prior to Ironhack, I had started studying a bit of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript on my own for about a month or so. After seeing the difficulty... Read More of trying to learn Web Development on my own, I decided to enroll in the full time course. You will have to push yourself in order to successfully get the full experience of the course. If you think this is something you can walk into with minimum effort, you will be humbled very quickly. The description they have is dedicating around 400 hours, but it was easily closer to 550-600 hours. The material is definitely hard to grasp at first and you will have imposter syndrome, but if you are persistent you will definitely make the most out of this course. The more you put in, the more you will get out of it. It's only 9 weeks, invest in it and in yourself. If I had to choose the best part of this course, it would without a doubt be the community that you are surrounded with. You will be with your classmates for 9 weeks straight, 9+ hours a day, and they will become your family. Being surrounded by like-minded individuals working towards a common goal was what made me excited to come into class everyday and code. You will laugh, cry, complain, and succeed together. Take advantage of being around this sort of community, you never know when the next time is that you'll see them!The staff is great. The TA's (Sandra and Jess) always made sure to check up on the students and were always willing to help no matter the situation. Brito, your placements manager, will put you in a great position to confidently look for jobs. The coworking space you are in is great. You are in a great spot in Brickell, surrounded by successful companies. Tip: Use the free resources here, all of them. There are a lot of free events in the building, take advantage!With all this being said, the bootcamp is not perfect but it was 100% a great investment and an unforgettable experience. Come in with an open mind, eagerness to learn, and a positive attitude and this will be a solid investment.Quick tips from a recent grad:Use your outside resources. Don't limit your learning to the curriculum. You will need to see the material from different perspectives to really grasp these concepts. The lesson on Ironhack platform should be the starting point. On the lesson topics, you should google related articles, watch related videos, ask the instructor and TA's to expand on these topics.Ask questions, whether that be during a lesson or when working on your code. Ask your TA's. Ask your classmates. Everyone is willing to help you.Go to the networking events (I failed to do this). Some of them are free and you will get to meet like-minded people.The 9 weeks will be over before you know it, use the time wisely!Read Less",ironhack
"I just finish the full-time UX/UI Ironhack program here in Miami.I can say that Ironhack is a great place to study, teacher’s and staff in general are amazing. Ironhack is a great place to network. I had a beautiful experience with all the people inside,... Read More they are like a family to me. You can notice that they select good persons with values, people that are hungry of learn more, increase their knowledge and succeeds in life. That is so important to me because it motivates you and gives you the right environment where you can grow. In order to achieve your goals and dreams you always have to work hard, and Ironhack was definitely another challenge for me. Also, Ironhack not only host meetup events, but also let the students know the best events going on each week. It is reallhy interesting that every week there is a different person that is currently working in the field that comes in as a guest speaker. So I can say that my overall experience was very positive. During an extraordinarily intense 9 week period I was exposed to a vast amount of information and tools to learn such as sketch, InVision and Flinto. That was great, because as I’m already a designer for almost 9 years, my goal was to learn more tools. The location in Miami is building.co which for me is the best co-working office space in the downtown Miami. Great concept space, you have a great view of Miami that helps you to be inspired during the time you have to work on your projects. Don’t expect to sleep, do expect a life-changing experience, be prepared to work hard, stay focus which can bring you to have new a more doors open.The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it!!As we all know no pain no gain!Read Less",ironhack
"i started the bootcamp (part-time) with NO experience i was just a really really really good chef(lol), therefore i had my question of how such a huge carrer chage was done, but the staff was amazing, very helpful,l always with a positive and knowledgeable... Read More guidance.the curse will open your ayes of how much you can acomplish if you are willing to put the effort and organization . i have no doudt that all that i learned at ironhack is necesary in the real world.Overall, was the best decision the i made to change my career and my life.Read Less",ironhack
"This course manages to effectively balance the strategy and research side of UX with the design requirements of UI using a well thought out course plan and proficient teachers. Embedded into the lessons is a large amount of practical work which brings... Read More the learning to life and prepares you to overcome UX/UI challenges you are likely to face in the real world. My overall experience was very positive. During an extraordinarily intense 9 week period I was exposed to a vast amount of information which included up-to-date guidance on using tools such as sketch, InVision and Flinto which seem to be evolving on an almost monthly basis. The course was extremely practical and involved group and individual work to create four design projects, all of which provides good content for a design portfolio. The portfolio is how you will ultimately be judged by the design community and this was suitably stressed throughout the course. The staff were passionate about their subjects and knowledgeable and put in a considerable number of hours outside usual course teaching time to help out on projects. The location in Miami is building.co which for me is the best co-working office space in the downtown Miami area because it houses numerous tech companies so that all adds to the feeling that you are part of the tech community. Having just finished the course it is difficult to assess how the experience will impact my career but I am sure it will be significant as the skills obtained are becoming critical to any company that wants to stay ahead by creating good user experiences. As more communication and interaction with products moves to digital platforms, knowing the methodologies used in rapid prototyping, design sprints and user flows will only become more essential. I would recommend the course as it is comprehensive and draws on a lot of different resources. Don't expect to sleep, do expect a life-changing experience which can launch a new career or boost an existing one.Read Less",ironhack
"This course manages to effectively balance the strategy and research side of UX with the design requirements of UI using a well thought out course plan and proficient teachers. Embedded into the lessons is a large amount of practical work which brings... Read More the learning to life and prepares you to overcome UX/UI challenges you are likely to face in the real world. My overall experience was very positive. During an extraordinarily intense 9 week period I was exposed to a vast amount of information which included up-to-date guidance on using tools such as sketch, InVision and Flinto which seem to be evolving on an almost monthly basis. The course was extremely practical and involved group and individual work to create four design projects, all of which provides good content for a design portfolio. The portfolio is how you will ultimately be judged by the design community and this was suitably stressed throughout the course. The staff were passionate about their subjects and knowledgeable and put in a considerable number of hours outside usual course teaching time to help out on projects. The location in Miami is building.co which for me is the best co-working office space in the downtown Miami area because it houses numerous tech companies so that all adds to the feeling that you are part of the tech community. Having just finished the course it is difficult to assess how the experience will impact my career but I am sure it will be significant as the skills obtained are becoming critical to any company that wants to stay ahead by creating good user experiences. As more communication and interaction with products moves to digital platforms, knowing the methodologies used in rapid prototyping, design sprints and user flows will only become more essential. I would recommend the course as it is comprehensive and draws on a lot of different resources. Don't expect to sleep, do expect a life-changing experience which can launch a new career or boost an existing one.Read Less",ironhack
"I chose to go to Ironhack after graduating with a degree in psychology. After doing some research online I learned that if you want to start your career in UX a portfolio and networking are super important.Ironhack offers multiple projects compared to... Read More some other bootcamps that only offer one. We did 2 group projects and 2 solo projects so whether working as a team is your thing or you prefer working solo Ironhack is a good choice.Ironhack is a great place to network because they not only host meetup events, but also let the students know the best events going on each week. Also, every week there is a different person that is currently working in the field that comes in as a guest speaker.That being said It is a very fast paced course, so come in prepared &amp; stay organized. You get what you put into it.Read Less",ironhack
"I am just finishing up the full-time UX/UI Ironhack program here in Miami.I leared alot! Be prepared to work, and have an open mind. The teachers were great and you get the feeling that everyone cares alot and are personally invested in your success.... Read More Good luck to everyone!Read Less",ironhack
"I did the full time web development bootcamp and my experience here at Ironhack Miami was really great and something I will never forget. I did have a bit of coding experience which helped a lot throughout the 9 weeks but now I can say I really understand... Read More how to code out full stack applications. A huge thank you to my TAs and instructor for all of their help they were very talented and knowledgable on the material. The curriculum has a lot of great information and was spot on in my opinion as it was developed to really break down a lot of the concepts and will help you hone in on your skills. The course will give you the skillset to develop 3 applications for your resume. One game, a server side express app, and a full stack application using Angular. I am definitely optimistic on the opportunities after graduating from the course as students are already landing jobs even before graduation. The career placements manager, Brito will help you with your goals as long you put in the hard work. The Ironhack staff is very inviting and they are there to help you in any way they can with your journey into web development.Read Less",ironhack
"It's been challenging 9 weeks of highly intensive work. Through out this bootcamp I've obtained various technical skills, learnt a lot from my peer students and got new friends.The instructors are very friendly and always there for you but I wish they... Read More had more professional experience as UX designers. The Ironhack staff is extremely motivated and constantly up for something fun.At the end of the studies Ironhack does a great deal to help you find a job you want.Read Less",ironhack
"It's just been a couple of days since the best experience of my life came to an end. First weeks were tough, with a lot of work, too many hours and very little time for the amount of information received. Even so, it was all worth it. I've not just learned... Read More to code, but to be myself, meet amazing people and a big great family. I carry with me all the Ironbeers, katas, challenges, stress, laughter, fellowship and amazing moments. To finish with, this is not the end: to every future Ironhacker, I'll see you at Ironbeers!!!Read Less",ironhack
"I went to IronHack with little experience, as a New Gradute I can say that the struggle to complete this bootcamp is worth it! I learned so much from my time there, The staff was amazing! Especially my TA's they always there to help me when i needed it... Read More the most! I deffenetly reccomend it to anyone that wants to learn.Read Less",ironhack
"Went into Ironhack with almost zero coding experience, and left feeling confident in my abilities to bring value to my next employer. Instructors, especially the TA's CARED for each student's growth and success during the program, and Daniel Brito, The... Read More Placements Manager provides thorough, yet simple to implement instructions on how to get a job after, and brings energy and passion to his work. Not a perfect bootcamp, but from my point of view, pretty damn close. Thank you Ironhack, it was real.Read Less",ironhack
During the training I was in a dynamic environment that creates exchanges and professional connections. A real team invested with us at every stage of the training and even after.,ironhack
"If I had to summarize what is Ironhack, the word I use is Intensive.If you love to learn, train, and realize that you can change the direction of your Job career in only 9 weeks, Ironhack is your place.You will meet a lot of people with the different... Read More way of thinking and point of view, and that is Ironhack too, is like an small family, you will spend 12 hours per day the next 9 weeks, so maybe you will laugh or get angry about the code… They have the best teachers, not only good in teaching, also good people.Maybe If I would known before about Ironhack…Well the good point is, that right now Im feeling like Im in the top of wave in my job carrer.Thanks Ironhack :)Read Less",ironhack
"Dear future or current developers, I would like to write a review with a double intention: · Help you orientate if you are wishing to do a developer bootcamp· Thank Ironhack team for they unconditional support1.	Learn latest technologies The school is... Read More aware of how the market evolves. That’s why in previous editions they’ve teach Ruby on Rails or React. Don’t worry on the technology, just trust them, companies are always interested for the latest techs as they are trying to get updated.  I was surprised to see that even programmers with 10 years experience were joining the bootcamp to get updated on technologies. Companies will value those learning’s, don’t worry. 2.	A dedicated team that encourages learning At Ironhack I’ve coded next to smart and passionate teachers. I was surprised by 6:30pm after 9 hours coding they were there teaching me last details of the lesson I hadn’t understood or even helping me improve my projects. One teacher and three assistants on the full-time bootcamp, where else are you gonna find that much support?! Moreover, the rest of the staff is unbelievably friendly and supportive. They will weekly ask you for feedback and make that you feel like at home (that’s for example how we got our BBQ at the rooftop and a Ping-Pong table) :D. Believe me you’re gonna get surrounded by an awesome atmosphere. Staff takes very seriously on QUALITY, proved through the learning units, IT events, job placement, fully equipped kitchen and much more. 3.	Hiring week Compared to other bootcamps or online courses, Ironhack were the only ones offering some kind of direct shortcut for placement. Last week you have the opportunity to get interviewed by 20-30 companies. They do not assure you to get a job, but definitely you’ll have an experience on how to deal and prepare for technical interview. You won’t lack of a job on IT field if you work on your skills.4.	Awesome classmates This will depend on every cohort. Usually Barcelona attracts people from all around the world (in my cohort: Canadians, Italians, Germans, Austrians, Caribbean, Portuguese and of course Spaniards). Sincerely, I am gonna miss my mates a lot. They were the reason and the necessary support to keep coding by 8:00pm, when all what your head whisper to you is: “Go home!” We’ve spend great time together having Ironbeers, roomscape, music festivals, lunch at the restaurant (of course, most of it on weekends, week if for coding haha). I also want to thank the UI/UX students. We’ve had the opportunity to collaborate at some point and also see their projects as they have seen and advice on ours. We’ve also had true programmers coming from different industries to evaluate our projects in order to decide for the three contestants that deserve to present in the Hackshow. All this makes the experience much more complete and close to the real working world.5.	Coding bootcamp, online courses or autonomous learning at home? I speak from personal experience: I’ve tried learning from home, but then if you get blocked maybe you can spend 4 hours with no clues. That gets soon very frustrating and increases the chance you give up with code. That’s not how it is supposed to be in the working environment. You’ll probably get great contents with other online courses, but as soon as you want to go further you may face technical problems. At Ironhack, teachers give you the right support to be little bit creative at the same time they train you with all the basics to be able to continue your own-training after the bootcamp. 6.	Full-time or Part-time Both are great! Part-time will require you the endurance to go coding after your other regular timetable that you follow, but also full time will challenge you 9:00 to 21:00 for 9 intensive weeks… be ready to abandon all other social compromises that are not having beers with your Ironmates!  Part-time also allows you to develop your projects more calmly (as you have almost one month to deliver each one of the final projects), but then it will depend on your discipline to commit to work even at home. Thanks you all readers &amp; Ironhackers!! &lt;3Read Less",ironhack
"I was a student at Ironhack Web Dev Bootcamp in Madrid from January until March 2018 (9 intensive weeks!!! Be prepared!). If you're looking for a web dev Bootcamp, I would highly recommend Ironhack Web Dev for a few reasons. I loved the way I learned... Read More coding by practicing, so many exercises every day, focus on Pair Programming (PP) and also individual Daily Exercise (DE). Learning Units are very well done and useful. The main teacher of the program is very professional and the way he transmits his knowledge is perfect. Other TA's are always there to help you. They are changing and adapting the program to make it better. If you decide to do Ironhack Bootcamp, you'll have to be a little bit prepared (in my opinion) and practice before. Ironhack Team is like a family, everybody there will help you to reach your goal and make you feel very comfortable. Very easy to make friends and networking. You will also have a buddy (somebody who studied in Ironhack) for you to get introduced faster and better in Ironhack Family. Last but not least, you can attend the Ironhack Hiring Week at the end of the program and meet companies and startup and show them what you have done during this Bootcamp. Be prepared, Enjoy it and Give it all!! A Great Experience!!!Read Less",ironhack
"If you are looking for a way to dive deep into web development, learn from the best professional teacher, gain more knowledge in an amazing environment, being supported by your co-students, try to change carrers into the tech world - you should apply... Read More for Ironhack.After 9 weeks full of coding you will be able to build amazing things. You will learn fast and efficient. It is really demanding but after my bootcamp (january till march 18) I really believe that Ironhack is one of the best decision you can make. I also spent the most exciting and interesting time here with the Ironhack family and be proud of being part of it.StephieRead Less",ironhack
"I am happy I decided to take the opportunity to attend this course. I think it was the most efficient way to acquire new skills and knowledge, that I tried to learn on my own on web and also to meet great people. The nice things about Ironhack Barcelona are:... Read More1) You are learning from professional, with a lot of experience in industry, you see the tools and best practices. 2) You are learning with a group of people with similar motivation, to change the career. It makes the course vibrant.3) The Ironhack program challenge you every day, there's no chance of getting bored. You will benefit from this challenge, I can guarantee you)4) During the course you become an idea of technologies you can learn (inspiring talks after classes, conversations with your classmates, teachers), you can see in what areas you are more interested - frontend, backend, API, data visualisation, games etc. After bootcamp you can focus on it. 5) Barcelona is a great city! Last but not least, people make this bootcamp to great experience. Thank you guys!Read Less",ironhack
"I did the full time Ironhack bootcamp with the intention switch my career as a designer and become a web developer. After two months of hard work I can say I did!Before Ironhack my only experience with coding was some jQuery full of if else.. but I really... Read More enjoyed the simple things I coded. I really recommend this bootcamp to anyone willing to learn web development with JavaScript. If you've never coded before I would suggest you to try it a bit on your own beforehand, just to see if you like it.I think the bootcamp is really worth it. Just be ready to give it all during two months, because you'll make the best out of the course if you make a great effort. Particularly during the three projects. And last but not least, be ready to create a new family with your course colleagues! They will be your company through this journey and if you help each other you'll get far!Read Less",ironhack
"Mi experiencia en Ironhack ha sido muy satisfactoria en todos los sentidos:- El personal esta siempre disponible para ayudarte.- El programa me parece bueno, ya que toca todas las herramientas que vas a necesitar en un futuro. Si es verdad que me hubiese... Read More gustado que durara un poco más ya que cada semana aprendemos un montón.- El profesor es super bueno, que intenta siempre enseñarnos mas de lo que viene en el programa. Es un tio inspirador.- Las instalaciones son excelentes: las clases, el area de comer, el espacio para eventos, la terraza... y ahora con mesas de ping-pong. Sin duda un buen espacio para pasar los largos dias.Totalmente ha sido una buena elección, lo recomiendo.Read Less",ironhack
"Hey you, most probably you are in the situation right now I was half a year ago. You are maybe asking yourself if a bootcamp is the right thing for you. Six month ago, I was as indecisive as you right now. I tried out some online resources of really basic... Read More programming languages and noticed I really like it, however I was not sure if it is enough to put all on one card and pursue a career change.Now after the bootcamp has ended, I can tell you that it was totally worth it. If you are a person that feels uncomfortable with the comfortable and aspire a career where you feel that your effort work is really meaningful than just go for it. In the review I try to stress out why Ironhack is the right choice for you. Enjoy the read : )TEACHERS &amp; CURRICULUMI couldn’t think of better teachers than the ones from Ironhack. Learning from Andre, our main teacher, was an incredibly valuable experience. He is not at all comparable to any other teacher I met in the course of my academic journey. He is inspiring, incredibly skilled and knowledgeable in all realms of the industry. The same applies to the great technical assistants. Everyone is really eager to help you and motivate you throughout the course. I don’t want to sugarcoat anything, the curriculum is intense and your personal outcome also depends a lot on yourself and how much effort you put in. Be consistent and don’t stress out when you don’t get a concept right a way. You will get there with sufficient practice. As Andre taught us, they give us the shoes; we are the ones to put them on. Apart from the curriculum, you will have the chance to educate yourself in related fields. Almost everyday there are events, lectures and workshops that you can attend. BARCELONA OPEN SPACEWhen it comes to the right location for you to attend a bootcamp, Barcelona is definitely the place to be; the city is vibrant, young and is known for its growing tech scene. I recommend you to make use of all the great facilities that the Ironhack office provides. You’ll have the possibility to be at Ironhack 24/7. The open space with all its facilities offers you the perfect place to unfold your potential and really immerse into the world of programming. There is also a flat upstairs with a nice rooftop to study and have a barbecue with your IH friends to unwind after hours of learning and coding. The staff really trusts you guys and gives you all the freedom you need to feel as comfortable as possible. They are all really attentive to your needs and are very perceptive to any feedback. In general, the staff is always friendly and always approachable with whatever question you have.JOB PERSPECTIVESRegarding job perspectives, it is a bit too soon to be opinionated since it’s two days since the bootcamp is over. However, if it helps you to get an idea, everyone from the previous cohort landed a developer job before our cohort ended. The placement manager as well as the rest of the team are really supportive and provide help with your portfolio. Also, the hiring week at the end of the bootcamp will help you to get in touch with different tech companies in Barcelona. PREPARATIONI’d like to make a short remark for those of you who have no prior knowledge. Although the program does not require any prior preparation besides the pre-work, I strongly recommend you to prepare yourself upfront using free online resources with main focus on JavaScript. It will keep your frustration level lower in case you are starting from scratch. However, don’t feel intimidated by this, it is not required and you can go along without any pre-knowledge.IRONHACK FAMLast but not least, I would like to address a very special thing about the program. When applying for Ironhack, I mainly focused on the learning experience itself and haven’t thought so much about the positive factors that this course brings along. But believe me, it’s the piiiiipool that make this experience so unforgettable! Although you might think that 2 1/2 months are a pretty short time to build close relationships, the bootcamp will prove you wrong!! You will have an amazing time with amazing likeminded people and will grow close together as a group. The group dynamics were unbelievable. We did a lot of different activities where everybody was included from day 1. We had legendary Friday nights, did rooftop BBQs, ping pong tournaments, samba nights, skiing trips and so much more). The Ironhack quarter really becomes your first home, the people your family and coding the nexus between both! If you are really thinking of pursuing a career change, don’t hesitate anymore and join the Ironhack fam. Ironhack nails it, so will you! : )Read Less",ironhack
"An amazing experience. Fantastic teachers and TAs, awesome staff, beers every Friday and multiple events and speakers each week. I cannot believe how much I've learned and how much Ironhack has helped me to accomplish in only 9 weeks. The only thing I... Read More would change about my experience is that I would have done it sooner!Read Less",ironhack
"Amazing experience. If you are looking for a web dev bootcamp, don't look any further.",ironhack
Going from 0 to 100 in 9 weeks. This **** is BANANAS! B-A-N-A-N-A-S!!I even recommend Ironhack to my worst enemies. Don't ask yourself just do it!Barcelona campus is the best!Questions?Ask -&gt; http://www.irene.cool,ironhack
"I can only recommend Ironhack.I have been learning so much during the bootcamp, not only UX/UI skills but you really go beyond your limit. You learn how to present and get others to understand your project, and convince them your solution is the best.... Read More You also get trained for interviews and job search. I feel totally geared up for my career change and I'm looking forward to my next job thanks to Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"Everything is made to succeed, surrounded by a very efficient, cool and helpful team.It was a very good experience",ironhack
"I took the first part-time UX course offered by the Miami campus. The course started in August 2017 and ended in March 2018.Here's what you need to know before you start:1. There is pre-work, and lots of it. You will need to do this before you go to the... Read More first class - if you don't do it, I will find you and I will haunt you personally.2. You will need to find some kind of transportation that gets you to Ironhack or you will need to pay for parking. If you're bougie like me, there's a garage behind Ironhack and they do offer monthly parking, but their daily rate is $10. If you time it just right, your weekday classes will cost $6 to park there and the Saturday class will be $10. You can also find street parking around the area but pay attention to the signs!3. You will have homework during the class - expect to spend 10 hours a week on this, excluding your class project and your capstone - you will spend more time on those and you might have a couple late nights building presentations. If you don't do your homework, I will find you and I will haunt you personally.4. You'll want to make time for local events -- there are plenty for UX around the area and that is an excellent place to network.5. When you're in the class, pay attention!6. Your cohort will be full of people just like you. You might even become great friends with them - they are your network, and so are all of the Ironhack graduates. You'll find that this community is full of dedicated, hard working and caring individuals - we all want each other to be successful. ---The instructors:We had Joel, Marcelo, Alex and Fernando teaching us. I hope that every cohort has these teachers or at least similar people - I cannot express how awesome they were. All of our teachers were excellent life/career coaches to us and all of them have been continuously supportive and available to us no matter what day/time it is. Joel taught us mostly about the overall process, Alex taught us about research, Marcelo taught us about visual design and sketch/flinto, and Fernando taught us HTML/CSS/Bootstrap. All of the instructors are local heroes in the industry and all will be able to teach you every tool you need to become a successful UX designer.---The staff:The staff at Ironhack is amazing. You'll have a TA helping you through your exercise; lean on them for support! You'll also interact with the Ironhack staff at various events and they will come cheer you on in your presentations. I really love the staff at Ironhack because they are warm, caring, inviting and always available. Alia was my first introduction to Ironhack and she has been absolutely amazing. She helped me figure out that I would be a great fit for the UX program, and I am SO glad that she did. The staff really went out of their way to come after hours to support us, even though they'd already worked a full day. They also came on weekends occasionally and I always felt like they cared about our success. Brito will be available to you for career help and to walk you through how to find a job, how to interview, how to create a resume, etc. He is invaluable and extremely well connected. You have no idea how lucky you are :-)---Overall:I had the most amazing experience and I know that I can walk into any interview with confidence and the tools I need to succeed. Everyone in my cohort really bonded; we are all group texting now and I know that each of us are rooting for each other's success. I will always be there to help my classmates and I know they'll be there for me, too!Honestly, a true testament to the fact that I like Ironhack and the teaching method so much: I decided to take the full-time front-end web development class, which graduates in June. This means I won't be joining my cohort's career fair, but I have no doubt my classmates will be successful and land their dream jobs :-)Given the feedback that I've received throughout this course, I have no doubts I'll be able to land the perfect job when I'm ready to start looking.Read Less",ironhack
"t’s day one. You ring the bell and enter a strange land which will be forever your home. You sit next to an unknown person that you will never forget. And so it starts. You finish day one: you think you might not make it. Day two: the faces start to be... Read More familiar but you’re struggling with the names. Another bunch of concepts on top of the ones you learned the day before and that you still don’t remember. You know you won’t make it. It’s the end of the first week, you have laughed, you have been frustrated twice (per day) and you have shared lots of memories with 21 new family members. What you are able to do by now was unbelievable five days ago. You know for certain that this is the change you were looking for. And there are still 8 weeks to go. The whole Ironhack experience is one the best decisions you will ever make. Never a journey has been so long and short at the same time. The amount of things you will learn and will do almost feel impossible to accomplish in just two months. And when you look back you will wish to keep struggling with the everyday organized chaos your life just became over the last few weeks. Those days will be some of the best you ever have.Read Less",ironhack
"Intentaré ser breve y conciso para los que quieran una review corta y sencilla:Ironhack es el mejor bootcamp tanto si lo que deseas es cambiar de ámbito profesional como afianzar y/o mejorar tus dotes de programación. Personalmente, es la mejor decisión... Read More que he tomado y estoy super orgulloso de haberlo hecho.Para los que quieran una review con mas información intentaré hacer hincapié en los puntos fuertes de este Bootcamp:1- El temario: No solamente te enseñan a ""programar"" desde 0 sino que te preparan para ser autosuficiente una vez acabado el bootcamp. Me explico: En Ironhack aprendes MEAN Stack (Mongo, Express,Stack Angular, Node) + HTML5 &amp; CSS. Y esos conceptos aún con el poco tiempo con el que disponemos, arraigan en tu cerebro como si llevaras meses estudiándolos. Yo tenía un poco de Background en temas de CSS y HTML y en la primera semana ya estaba aprendiendo cosas nuevas que no sabía.Una vez acabado el Bootcamp puede estudiar cualquier tecnología de manera autosuficiente. Esa seguridad que te da el aprender cosas nuevas y saber que puedes hacerlo, no tiene precio.2- El equipo: Teacher &amp; Ta's.- Decir impresionante, me quedaría corto, por lo que voy a decir únicamente que somos unos afortunados por tener a estos profesionales enseñándonos todos los días. André es una bestia en lo que a conceptos y manera de enseñar se refiere, personalmente es una persona muy cercana y se puede hablar con él de cualquier cosa. Sabe transmitir los conceptos de una manera sencilla y fácil de entender, y creedme, en este mundo no es nada fácil. Los TA's (teacher assistant) están ahí en cada momento en el que necesitamos ayuda y nos quedamos atascados en algún ejercicio y/o proyecto. 3. La familia Ironhack.- Desde el primer momento nos sentimos cómo en casa, nos dijeron que pasaríamos más horas ahí que en nuestra propia casa (no me lo creí al principio, pero... si, es cierto). Y es que al final, preferías quedarte aquí con tus amigos trabajando que irte a casa a hacerlo solo.El staff que está con nosotros es impresionante, desde el primer día te cuidan para que estés a gusto. Nunca han tenido una mala palabra, ni un gesto raro, ni una mirada especial. Estoy encantado de haberl@s conocido a tod@s, no sería lo mismo si no estuvieran aquí.Las instalaciones son perfectas para el tipo de ""trabajo"" que estamos desarrollando aquí. Si tuviera que hacer mi propio Ironhack lo haría de la misma forma que lo hacen ellos, cada centímetro está pensado a la perfección para que los que estamos estudiando aquí como los que trabajan estén a gusto.Finalmente y una de las cosas que me llevo y recordaré toda mi vida; los compañeros. Desde el principio congeniamos muy bien, la mayoría de nosotros estamos aquí para dar un cambio a nuestra vida laboral y en su efecto a nuestra vida en general. Tenemos muchas cosas en común y somos muy parecidos en la manera de ser (algunos más y otros menos) pero con el equilibrio que en todo sitio se necesita. Hacemos actividades conjuntas casi cada día (no es obligatorio!), desde Cervezas cada Viernes(y su fiesta posterior) hasta BBQ los fines de semana, Scape Rooms y visitas por la ciudad.Finalmente, si has llegado hasta aquí es porque lo estás pensando muy seriamente, no lo dudes. Únete a la familia Ironhack y no te arrepentirás, yo no lo he hecho :)Un saludo!Read Less",ironhack
"If you are reading this review it's probably because you're in the same position I was 5 months ago. You've probably stumbled upon the Ironhack website and you're contemplating, ""Is this the right decision for me?"". When I decided to join Ironhack I didn't... Read More realize it would be one of the best decisions I would make. For most of my adolescence I didn't have many challenges in university, but Ironhack tested my personality, my passion, and my knowledge. The friendships I've created will be everlasting as well as the memories that came along with it. It is in an intense program and most of the times you might feel frustrated, tired, and even cranky, however, the satisfaction and sense of accomplishment that comes along with these feelings are the best residual effects you can experience. It eclipses frustration, fatigue, and mood with ease. I would recommend this bootcamp to everyone everytime without hesitation whatsoever. So do it, make an impulsive but imformative decision to join Ironhack and become an Ironhacker, you won't regret it.Read Less",ironhack
I start with 0 knowledge and I manage to have at the end of this 9 weeks a very strong base and 3 nice projects finished.,ironhack
"I've just finished the web development bootcamp at Madrid and I can say that I'm very satisfied with the knowledge I've adquire. At first glance the project seem very much difficult for people with no programming background as me, but the education here... Read More helped the development of the students to learn as good as possible. But this would'nt happened if there is no 100% effort from the student.Read Less",ironhack
"I went in expecting it to be a good experience but I was very surprised, the environment, the staff and the campus are all great and that alone is worth it. Combine that with a great learning experience and you get a once in a lifetime experience I will... Read More never forget!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is a tremendously fun and intense experience that is rewarding once you finish. From my point of view, anyone who comes from another sector and has not been able to write a line of code before starting is a true act of faith. Thanks to the need... Read More of the sector and the teaching method that I do not finish to understand by the rapidity in which the content is taught, Ironhack manages to turn around your professional career and / or prepare you to take on any professional challenge within the front area.In short, it is a quick way to acquire the knowledge necessary to practice as a programmer in a fast and forceful way, to live a beautiful experience with all kinds of feelings and a challenge with which to overcome oneselfRead Less",ironhack
"Looking for a change in my career I went to Ironhack. I came from a secondhand store, a sector, totally different and even though it cost me a lot in the end, you get it out. You have to be constant since the rhythm of learning is marked by yourself,... Read More the classes do not stop!!If you are looking for a new experience and a fast and complete learning this is your site, professionals willing to help, well-maintained facilities, talks for students and especially people who want to help.Read Less",ironhack
"I am computing engineering. I just decided to do IronHack to learn JavaScript and improve my skills in FrontEnd after having been working in BackEnd, codding in C# during many years. I had forgotten how much I really like programming and how awesome is... Read More my profession. Thanks to IronHack, I have remembered.Read Less",ironhack
"I enjoyed all three months of the bootcamp, if you want to make the programming your job Ironhack is the perfect bootcamp, the last few months studying in Ironhack have passed very quickly for me. The study program is very intense but if you like to programming,... Read More it will pass in a second. I highly recommend it to anyone wishing to enter in the programming stageRead Less",ironhack
"At least I can't do it, but I don't want to deceive you, you must be ready for hight levels of demand, especially if you don't have programming experience. If you want to change your profile without losing time and especially if you like programming,... Read More this is the place.It hasn't trick, the syllabus is very extensive, if you are a novice prepare yourself to the maximum, your Preework surpassed with solvency, tae online courses is a good idea, you will need to be familiar with the syntax and the lexicon of the code, you will have to ask and be understood.You'll learn the most demanded technologies. The team is excellent, they will take care about your career and help you to find a new job.Read Less",ironhack
"I've just finished Ironhack's web development bootcamp and I'm happy to say, I'm programmer now.It was hard at the beginning but it improves as time goes by.The best part was at the end, when you're ready to make a webapp completely functional as Twitter,... Read More Trello or even Kickstarter.Read Less",ironhack
"You can get some solid JS skills in only two months, from ES3 to ES6 and TypeScript. I think you'll get the most if you are not absolutely new to development and coding environments. However, some of my colleagues were totally newbies and they've finished... Read More the bootcamp very well.Do it if you want to get some solid JS, HTML and CSS skills, but be aware of the intensity.In my edition we learnt HTML&amp;CSS&amp;jQuery // Node&amp;Express&amp;Mongo // Angular5+all the backendThe Ironhack team does not have magic tricks, you need to give your best from day 1.Read Less",ironhack
"It's never too late to follow your dreams. That's what I was thinking 9 weeks ago when I started the Ironhack web bootcamp along with other 25 people that soon would become like my family. We were told that it was going to be hard, and it was. But also... Read More we were told that we will improve like crazy!.. and we will, everyday... pushing our limits and doing what we couldn't and more. It was a unique experience, intense, very intense, and full of proudness for me and my colleges and what we acommplished along the way. Now, I am proud to say that I am a programmer, yes! My dream came true! :-)Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was undoubtedly one of the best decisions I’ve made not only for my career, but for my personal growth and self esteem. From the initial interview to the my very last day, the team and instructors made me completely at ease in my lack of understanding... Read More and were intentional in checkups and encouraging me and my classmates to push ourselves. I had zero experience in coding when I first entered the course and was incredibly intimidated. On my first day, I felt pretty anxious and out of my league, but the instructors, TA’s, and Ironhack staff make you feel at ease even when you feel out of place. They are patient and are genuinely interested in your growth. Nizar was our instructor for our bootcamp who is hands down one of the most talented instructors I’ve met. He is able to meet you where you are and is accommodating to your needs in the classroom. It’s easy to feel incompetent in such a large subject that is completely new, but Nizar and his team do a great job of making you feel comfortable in a challenging space. He also has a gift for teaching students with all backgrounds and will meet you where you are in your understanding. The bootcamp is intense, but it’s well worth the time spent there. I came out with confidence in my new skills even though I knew I had a lot more to learn. The bootcamp provides you a great foundation along with a large network of talented individuals who are more than willing to help you navigate through the tech realm as many are completely new to this space. There are a lot of valuable resources as well. They keep you well informed on all things tech happening in the community and Daniel Brito, the Placements Manager, prepares your for your interviews leading up to the end of the bootcamp.Daniel Brito is invested in your time at the bootcamp and your time afterwards. I still go to him for questions and advice in regards to job hunting or interviews. I gained an internship as a Jr. Web Developer within 1 month of the program because of the confidence and tips I received from Daniel Brito and the team. Overall, I think that if you are looking for a quality bootcamp then I highly recommend Ironhack. I loved the community I built and the challenges that were presented to me. If you want to take your career to new heights or just challenge yourself in a safe space - this is it. You can read more about my experience on my blog here: http://www.rootandravish.co/lifestyle/coding-bootcamp-what-the-heck-is-thatRead Less",ironhack
"Oh boy. I haven’t written anything besides code in the past three months, and the longest piece of text I’ve typed recently was a string for a database. So how do I begin with this one…As a foreword of sorts, I didn’t know a thing about coding before... Read More I decided to apply for Ironhack’s Web Development Bootcamp. I had seen pieces of code before, and I could understand them just as well as ancient Egyptian. Until then, I had worked in the fields of journalism and communications, but if you have paid any attention to the world and its changes, you won’t need me to tell you about how hard it has become to make a career- and a living- in that sector nowadays.What I’m trying to convey is that, at first, coding was my Plan B, a way to escape unemployment and get back on track- but I had no idea if I could handle it, or if I was going to enjoy it at all. And (to my own surprise), not only did I make it, it also seems that I enjoy coding- although it still gives me the occasional headache. It might feel like I’m rambling, and I apologize- but there is a point in all of this. Like myself, many consider going into coding, but they wonder if it’ll be the right thing for them, if they will struggle trying to understand how code works. And I’ve come to find that you don’t require an intensive technical background to become a web developer or programmer. True, you need to tackle problems with a very different mentality compared to other trades, often needing to examine the task from every angle and understanding exactly what you will require, and what items will be involved, before you write the very first line of code. But once you adopt that mindset, code becomes less of a threat and more of a puzzle that challenges you and ignites your curiosity.Getting used to this new strategic, however, is just the first milestone that you will have to conquer. Our worst enemy during the bootcamp wasn’t Javascript, Angular or any other framework- it was frustration. The pace of the lessons rarely gave us time to catch our breath, and the daily exercises (both individual, and in pairs) would often test our limits. On a couple of evenings, I found myself with my head buried between my hands in a moment of panic, telling myself “I can’t do this, I wasn’t ready for something like this”, and I wasn’t the only one. If I’m painting a bleak picture so far, don’t worry- I’ve resorted to the “bad news, good news” mechanic to save the best for later. Although intensive, the bootcamp (divided in three ‘modules’ of three weeks each, with a final project at the end of each one) helped me understand the basics of code in a very comprehensive way, starting with basic exercises and steadily increasing the number of iterations or the challenge they offered. The bootcamp covers many areas that are key for a developer including Javascript basics and advanced features, layouts and design, database management and package management to expand the possibilities of our frameworks- and yes, all of that sounds like a lot at first glance, but again, even a complete newbie like me managed to successfully complete the bootcamp.Now, my classmates and I are getting ready for the hiring week. For some of them, this will be a ‘level up’ in their career; for others, this is the start of a new one, and although I still have much to learn, I feel prepared to walk into web development with my head up high. And in addition to this, my final project -a website for musicians to find one another and start new bands and projects- became more than just a task to deliver at the end, and I have decided to continue working on it. Who knows, I might be releasing my very own website, made on my own and from scratch, in not too long!Read Less",ironhack
"I´ve just completed the Web development bootcmap at Ironhack and I am very much satisfied with the knowledge I have aquired and with the experience overall. I came from a non-developping background (I´ve just graduated from Business and Law at IE University)... Read More so everything was new to me, from the tools used for coding, to the language itself. However, having mutliple Teacher Assistants and an excellent Head Teacher (Marc), alongside with cooperating for the completion of the daily exercises with the rest of students has made me learn the tools for building not only a simple website (which is pretty much what I was expecting from the course) but a proffessional platform. Managing databases, structuring projects, creating models, developping actions, building routes, designing the look of the platform and deploying the website once its done are a few of the core aspects of developping a website and at Ironhack they tackle each and every one of them in detail. Even though I am not planing on becoming a developer, I believe that these tools will be very useful for me in the future, specially if I end up working in the tech-industry.Read Less",ironhack
"Because of work, I had to enroll in the part-time UX/UI Design program at Ironhack and I am so happy I did regardless of the late nights and crammed weekends. Entering this program not only has it provided me with the amazing toolset I need in the UX/UI... Read More world, but it also has given me a new network and amazing support system. I'm extremely thankful for my professors for taking the time to coach me and as well as Brito for being so diligent with me in finding the next step for me post-Ironhack. Thanks guys!Read Less",ironhack
"I just completed the first Part-Time UX/UI Course at IronHack Miami. Now that it's over, I am confident that I have been given all of the tools I need to become a successful UX/UI Designer. Regarding the course: the material is extensive, the pacing of... Read More curriculum is fast, and expectations are high. This has been the most intense educational venture for me (even more than my college degree). After everything, I couldn't be happier.The most important part:After everything I have done to get to this point, I can readliy tell you that IronHack is worth every single penny. These are just a few (of many reasons) why:The instructors and staff are genuinely invested in your successThe curriculum evolves often to stay current with technologyIronHack is a hub for many activities in the growing Miami ecosystemThe alumni are extremely active, friendly, and easy to network withThey care so much and really make the effort to connect you with job opportunities (thanks, Brito!)Things to ConsiderWhen you are enrolled part-time, the workload is a lot more challenging to navigate. This is because you are required to attend 2 weeknights from 6:30pm-9:30pm, and all day Saturdays (that's not including study and project time). Consider what it might be like for you to balance IronHack with a full time job. Apply as early as you can, as mandatory prework is assigned for you to complete before the start of the course. It helps get you familiar with the material and be prepared before your first day. I completed mine over the course of a month (a few hours here and there), totalling about 40 hours to finish. There are expenses that you will incur that are not included in your tuition:Be prepared to pay for parking, as the school is located in Brickell. Parking is located on the street (estimated $2/hour) or in a nearby garage (flat fee $10/day)Also be prepared to have about $300 extra saved to download the software you need or for miscellaneous items (Sketch, Flinto, and I am forgetting the others at the moment) $50 for a FOB, which is a key for 24 hour access. It gets reimbursed to you once you are done with the course. I think that covers it!Overall thoughts: IronHack is the best bootcamp EVER and deserves way more than 5 stars!!! &lt;3 &lt;3Read Less",ironhack
"I'm 40 years old, I travelled the world and lived very intensely. Trust me if I say that the whole Ironhack bootcamp has been one the highest ranking experiences of my life. Let me explain you why.Coding is hard. Learning to code in 2 months is very demanding... Read More and does seem totally impossible. Believe it or not, the Ironhack campus in BCN is designed at every level (from the location, the building itself, the staff, the teachers, the syllabus, the events and the job opportunities) just to make that happen. It doesn't get more ideal than that. Let's address these points one by one.Location: Barcelona is one of the most international cities in Europe. You do breath modernity and opportunity here, especially in the Poplenou neighboroud where the campus is located. It has become a kind of tech district, so on the way to class you pass by real tech companies and it gives you a feel of where you might end up working. Feels like you're there already.The campus: Fantastic open space with glass walls (Kanban boards drawn on them), plants hanging from the ceiling, kitchen, showers, desks, standing desks and tons of architectonic eye candies. It's like your mind expands in there, and you're hooked. You don't want to leave. In fact you don't. You're given the keys and take advantage of the 24/7 access policy. You'll need it on project weeks!!The staff: They're doing a fantastic job at keeping the place so well organized YET very informal, frienly and welcoming. I felt like I could express myself without having to fit in to any particular mould, and that was very valuable to me, because during the bootcamp you are reinventing yourself and pushing your brain hard on coursework in order to do that. So nobody will judge you if you spend hours by a standing desk coding and dancing looking more like a dj (or a crazy person) than a developer. You're tired? You can take a nap in plain sight. Wanna play? Let's skate or play football, inside of course. Nobody will ask you to stop. The staff is committed in having you become a web developer. They know kicking a ball will help your unconcious brain solve the kata.The teachers: Andre has been one of the most inspiring and influential professional I ever met. The guy has more than 20 years of experience, and he knows how to deliver it to you. His technical knowledge is so intimate that I'm sure he natively thinks in Javascript then compiles in English for the rest of us. But it's not just that he tought us a programming language (and to love it), he focused a lot on best practices and the workflow and mindset you have to adopt in order to transform your ideas in to products through coding, and having fun in the process. Then, he passed on us so many insights drawing form his own experience, filtering out for us the most valuable. Maybe not obvious at first, but Andre insights sit on the brain and release value as time passes by. And also, it must be said: he let us appreciate how cool a fully fledged web dev can be. The teaching assistants: Ironhack employs the most suited students as teaching assistants for next cohorts. They're three, with different levels of experience depending on how many cohorts they survived. Yes, because it's not easy to stay patient having to debug horrible code by current students still not having a clue!! What you get from them is the closeness of relating with somebody who just finished the bootcamp, as well as accurate code revisions and debugging, directly from somebody who still remembers on what silly thing you're more likely to get stuck on. They were stuck there too just a couple of months before, they know how and where to help.The sillabus: Javascript is on fire nowadays and Ironhack is one of the few bootcamps to base its entire curriculum on it. Backend, frontend, all JS, because this is the present and the foreseable future of web dev. In fact, anything different would have felt like time wasting. The course is divided in three modules, each module giving you the teaching first and then challenging you on a project. The course material is constantly updated, you get exercises on a git repo to work on all night if you want. You'll get a detailed revision of your code in the morning. In the first module you learn the basics, HTML, CSS and JS, and make a late 90s style JQuerish app with it. Addictive brain gymnastics. Then you're introduced to Node.js in the second module, but server side. Mongo DB, Mongoose, Express. And you make a '00 style server rendered MVC app, which almost feels like a real thing. In the third module you're thought a Javascript framework (this time it was Angular 5), and are given two weeks to complete your own full stack project. At some point while doing it, which happens at different stages for different people, it's guaranteed that you will see the light. Like in the Karate Kid movie you'll see how all they made you do click together. Your fingers begin flying on the keyboard, translating your thoughts in to code as if it was the most natural thing in the world, while you wonder what the hell is happening. That's when a web dev has finally emerged from within you. Events and job opportunities: Each week we had at least a couple of talks by external speakers, giving us insights from within the industry. That has been very valuable, the best one was somebody explaining us how to make a bot using Dialogflow, with git repo and all. Fantastic. Unfortunately, you are likely to be very fatigued by all the mental work you're doing in the bootcamp to fully engage in the talks. But it is all meterial you can go back at a later stage, having had direct exposure to it, and maybe even networked with a real tech-industry specimen. And we came to job opportunities. I yet have to attend the hiring week which is organized at the end of the bootcamp and it's supposed to be a kind of speed dating between us graduate and tech companies. BUT, during the last event one of the speakers gained an interest in my final project and we're now exploring the prospect of remote work for his creative, amazing and well established start-up. So yes, nothing concrete yet but I can't beleive the fact I'm actively asked for interviews even BEFORE I start searching for a job. Amazing.Last point to address is the people. I barely been alone during these two months, the group spirit has been fantastic. From spending the night all together coding, to partying at campus on the weekends, I felt so fortunate to get to meet so many great people. On a personal note, that was even more important given the fact that I lost my father while I was attending the bootcamp. It wasn't an easy decision to stay and learn coding, but it was the right choice. The understanding and support I received from the staff and the other students has been invaluable, don't know what kind of place I would have been without it. I do reccomend the course, it delivers on expectations, but be ready to push yourself as hard as you can in the learning process. There's no magic, it all comes through hard work. Ironhack will provide you with the best environment, tools, knowledge, people, it's like a state of the art gym: the sweat is still all yours. As for me, I might take the UX/UI bootcamp, Ironhack is kind of addictive.Read Less",ironhack
"Attending Ironhack in Barcelona was one of the best choices I have ever made! A great immersive introduction to the coding world to anyone trying to make the 'shift'. Lead instructor Andre with real on-hand experience in the field teaches you what you... Read More need to start and what to be careful of! We even did agile methodologies from day one! TA's and Ironhack's staff are super helpful for anything you need and they make you feel like home. In addition to the course lessons, there are a lot of events and presentations going on where you meet people from the awesome tech and startup community and you learn things from growth-hacking to IoT! Totally recommended for anyone who wants to make a career change, learn how to code (futureproof yourself) or even Project Managers who want to improve the communication with their developers!Read Less",ironhack
Huge learning progress and super nice people - everybody did a great effort,ironhack
"Ironhack bootcamp is one of the best experience in my life. I have been able to learn from scratch with a great team, professional and human. I recommend it 100%. Very good atmosphere where you can give the best of you and meet incredible people. If you... Read More decide to do the bootcamp of Ironhack in Barcelona you will be lucky , because you will have André as a teacher, who will do everything to help you learn the maximum with the best practices. Also Luis, Byron and Isak as assistants are amazing. And of course the implication from the staff helping in everything they can, to make your experience unforgettable. Organizing meetings, talks etc.And of course A loot of fun! Ironbeers , partys, dinners to disconnect a bit from coding.Read Less",ironhack
"Spending almost 3 months at Ironhack was a great experience which I would I definitely recommend. After years of working in SaaS sales, I wanted to learn more about some of the technologies that are driving the industry.Ironhack's Web Development Bootcamp... Read More gives you the opportunity to become an autonomous full stack developer. Whether you are looking for a career change or you just want to update the tools you work with as a software developer, Ironhack invites you to a dynamic tech ecosystem full of opportunities providing you with the right tools to pursue your career in the software industry.Champion team, good content and an amazing space in Madrid where you'll be able to build your network in some of the best events in the city.Read Less",ironhack
"Es lunes, hace un frío del carajo en la calle y tengo los cojones por corbata. Llevo yendo unos días antes a IH y he conocido a unos cuantos alumnos que me acompañarán en las clases por lo que no estoy tan nervioso como podría ser ir desde cero, cosa... Read More que muchos de mis compañeros no podrán decir pero ahí están todos sentados en la grada escuchando recitar al cabrón de Mark la bienvenida y a los teachers reforzando su lengua afilada con los nuevos. ¿Mi primera impresión?, tenemos un Dr. House por profesor, ¡genial! Una vez acabado el discurso de bienvenida nos metimos en la clase en la que permaneceríamos los 2 próximos meses viviendo, comiendo, trabajando con nuestros compañeros en pair programming, sufriendo por poder alcanzar la meta de los 3 proyectos…pero es curioso, porque la primera semana piensas que es eterno, la segunda te plantas pensando que en una semana tendrás que hacer…¡¡¡¿¿¿UN VIDEOJUEGO???!!!, pero como si de un río que te arrastra se tratase te plantas en esa famosa semana, ¡y sorpresa! Consigues acabar un juego cuando 15 días antes no sabías ni lo que era un DOM y mucho menos un canvas. Fin de semana después del proyecto, mucha cerveza y algo de estudio el domingo intentando no llevarte la ostia que te dieron en el primer módulo rezando para que el mantra de lo que los antiguos alumnos no sea verdad “el segundo módulo es lo peor”, y ahí estas en el segundo módulo mirando como las vacas al tren, sólo eres capaz de pensar WTF? Cuando te empiezan a hablar de Express (si, express me voy a venir abajo), Node y Mongo. Cada vez que toca hacer un pair programming miras a la pareja que te toca intentando averiguar si eres el único que no ha entendido ‘na de na’, pero según dicen ‘es el proceso natural’ te dan de ostias y luego esperan que aprendas ¿pero que coño me estás contando?, así no se aprende ni pa…espera un momento, si me paro a pensar se que es un constructor, una instancia, una query, un ejs…si van a tener razón y todo estos cabrones y voy a estar aprendiendo, escocido, pero lo más importante, aprendiendo. Llegamos al final de las dos semanas y nos toca hacer un proyecto con una pareja, me tocó con una persona muy afín a mi por lo que me sentí como pez en el agua y ofrecimos un buen trabajo. Es el final del segundo módulo, tengo una sensación de tristeza porque queda una semana de clase y después el proyecto de 2 semanas, más cerveza y relajando motores porque el segundo módulo fue muy arduo y doloroso.Finalmente atacamos la tercera semana, sentimos como si nos estuvieran metiendo a presión deprisa y corriendo Angular sin ser capaces de entender que significa la palabra ‘reutilizable’ pero ahí estamos en una semana aprendiendo todo lo posible aplicando Passport a nuestro proyecto, juntando todos los conocimientos que tuvimos para dar a luz a un proyecto que representaría el top de nuestro aprendizaje dejándote el sudor y rezando para que no te salga un ‘unexpected token fatal error’, para una vez más presentar tu proyecto, recibir un aplauso y…se acabó.¿De verdad, y las vivencias, gente, profesores, amigos?Si te contase las picarescas y las vivencias tanto positivas como negativas, ¿vivirías realmente lo que tienes que vivir o intentarías vivir lo que yo te contase?Sólo te daré un consejo nuevo alumno, no tengas prisa después de la hiring week, tardarán en contactarte porque así funcionan las empresas, pero finalmente te aseguro que conseguirás esa meta ansiada como es la de conseguir un buen puesto de trabajo, palabra de ironhacker.Read Less",ironhack
"I graduated from the Full-time Web Development Bootcamp in Madrid and I am very satisfied with the results. I learned more there than the previous 6 months learning Javascript by my own and now I have a good understanding of all the processes that are... Read More required to build a web app and a much deeper understanding of Javascript language.In this 9 weeks you will have to overcome a lot of frustration and understand a lot of complicated new concepts and put them into practice on the same day but I can assure you at the end all will make sense and you will feel able to face any challenge in a real world web development project.My prior experience was mostly on the graphic/digital design side but I always been interested in the most technical part of the web (the code), in your class you will find people with very different backgrounds, many of them with no prior knowledge of any programming language so don't doubt and go for it! An excellent first step to boost your career o start a new one.Read Less",ironhack
I graduated from the full-time UX/UI design program in December. The 9-week boot camp was life-changing. I'm not even exaggerating. Our teacher Maite taught us so much and really helped us to understand the material. All my classmates have become like... Read More my second family.The school is in a beautiful building located in Brickell with an amazing staff. Someone even brings us coladas every day at 3:05 pm!Brito has been great at preparing us for interviews and helping us find jobs. I highly highly highly recommend this program. I'm so grateful for it. I also just got a job as a UX Researcher only a few weeks after our hiring fair!Read Less,ironhack
"De las mejores experiencias que he tenido en la vida. Dos meses intensísimos, en los que no hemos tenido tiempo de otra cosa nada más que de programar y aprender muchísimo . El temario muy completo y los ejercicios muy prácticos. Y el equipo de Ironhack,... Read More inmejorable, siempre atento a todo. Ha sido un gran empujón en mi carrera profesional, agradecidísma de haber tomado la decisión de hacerlo.Read Less",ironhack
"Before I sign up for the Web development bootcamp I had 1000 doubts: Am I prepared for this? Nine weeks of intense-class after all this time without studying? Does it really works? What happens if after all the effort, it's all for nothing?Now, near two... Read More months after finished it I can say that it works, that it is possible to learn all these technologies in nine weeks and that it was probably one of the best decissions of mi live.It is nine intense weeks in which you learn almost a new technology per week, a lot of new concepts and they takes you to the limit, but the reward is bigger enought: see that you can, that you're able to creat an functional app from zero in a technology of that you only knew its name one month ago... Ironhack is a big family and you are part of it since the first day of bootcamp. Staff and teachers takes care of you all along the course and your classmates become friends and the ones who share your frustration, sadness, hapiness and, of course, ironbeers!With all this, all I can say is: No doubts, just do it!(And, of course, THANK YOU to the Ironhack Madrid Team, love u and miss u!)Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack es una experiencia que se comprime en 2 meses y medio, en los que puedo asegurar que cada minuto tiene un valor increíble. Nada ocurre por azar, todo lo tienen medido para que el aprendizaje y la experiencia durante el bootcamp sea de los más... Read More provechosa por los alumnos. Un temario diseñado para dar un salto al mundo laboral en el menor tiempo posible, pero tengo que decir que Ironhack es duro, sin embargo cualquiera que tenga como firme propósito cambiar de profesión, aprender a programar o dar un salto en su carrera puedo decir que Ironhack es una opción a considerar. En lo personal puedo decir que el trato recibido es excelente, he aprendido diversas tecnologías y a los 15 días de terminar el bootcamp estaba trabajando gracias a los conocimientos adquiridos en Ironhack. Por ello es una experiencia 100% recomendable.Read Less",ironhack
"I had the chance to experience the full time Ironhack web development bootcamp last October. Needless to say, the 9 week journey Ironhack provides is different to any kind of education i've been able to endure. It's a very fast-paced environment but truly... Read More rewarding:- on a personal level: you find yourself constantly self-improving on a daily basis with the teamwork of your classmates and teachers. I have met some truly incredible people (both staff and students) that have inspired me since day one to keep going. Ironhack can be your second family if you put interest on your part, and that's a very high drive to keep setting yourself new goals.- on an educational level: i'll be basing it from my experience in Madrid, but you receive class from a Lead teacher and have multiple Assistant teachers there to help you and not fall behind. In my case, not only were there 4 of them, but all four have insanely receptive qualities to make you feel comfortable enough to ask pretty much anything. Same goes for the rest of the staff.- on a professional level: perhaps the most important and differential factor, Ironhack has their own recruiter/laboral department that is commited to helping students find a workplace they'll enjoy once the 9 weeks are finished. May you find a job a week after finishing or not, they'll keep in touch with you (and I mean REALLY keep in touch, via slack or in person on a weekly basis) until you find something that fits you.On a final note i'd like to emphasize this: what YOU get out of Ironhack does not depend entirely and exclusively on them. It will also depend on the personal interest and motivation you have. The chance to network with hundreds of students from previous editions on a weekly basis is a fail-proof way to see that the model just works. It just depends whether you're compatible/comfortable with the idea of giving your 200% for 9 weeks of your life. Your previous experience (if any) does not matter.Read Less",ironhack
"WARNING: This is the longest review ever.  All right. I've been pretty excited to write this review. Honestly, these reviews were what helped me make a decision and although I’ve never written a review before for anything, I knew this one I had to write.... Read More I wondered what I would be writing once I finished the course; and I have to say that probably midway through the course I already knew: Just do it.  So, this review has two parts two it: Before Ironhack and During Ironhack. I wanted to give my story so that you have some context and maybe it’s similar to your own story and helps you make a decision. And if that doesn’t matter to you, then just scroll down to the second part :) BEFORE IRONHACK Upon my college graduation (earning a degree in communications — so not technical at all), I found a job for a small company located in a WeWork while still holding a part-time job at a restaurant. At WeWork, naturally, the job feed was filled with posts for developers. I saw how much opportunity there was and I decided to play around with programming with many of the free resources online. After realizing that it was something I could pursue professionally, I decided to quit my job at the small company so that I can work full-time at the restaurant and study so that I can become a developer. (Working for a restaurant is not as mentally strenuous as an office, so I figured I can at least make a living and study.) Fast-forward a year. I was still working at the restaurant and I was still studying. I missed my personal deadlines and extended deadlines before I thought going to a bootcamp would be a good choice. I was really reluctant to do a bootcamp because, honestly, the information is freely available out there so why should anyone pay for it. But I realized that the money that I would have saved by studying on my own, I already lost. If I had done the camp sooner, I could have had a job in tech sooner and I could have made back my investment already. Granted, some people can study this own their own and that’s awesome; I, however, am not one of these people. I could say that my only regret is that I didn’t do this sooner, but, honestly, I’m glad I ended up in the cohort I did because I met some amazing people that greatly impacted my experience.  DURING IRONHACK Oh man. The first week wasn’t bad. We went over material that I had covered on my own so I felt pretty confident. The week after that? Yeah, things got harder. What’s interesting about the experience is that some concepts will just click and you’ll feel good about what you learned that day. Other days, some concepts just won’t click and you’ll leave with a pounding headache and feeling defeated. But you’ll come back the next day. You’ll go over that concept again — while learning a new one — and you’ll keep doing that. Eventually, it just clicks — but I really have to give thanks to Nizar, our instructor, for helping that happen. Nizar knew our weak points and knew what he was going to have to go over and over again. Sometimes he sounded repetitive, but the man knew what he was doing. A little more about Nizar — he is an incredibly talented teacher. When you ask him questions, he won’t just give you the answer. He’ll guide you so that you arrive to the answer. And like I mentioned before, he knows students’ trouble spots. Sometimes he would jump through certain bits of the curriculum because he knew it would be better for our learning. He was even willing to give us extra time — during our final project week, we stayed with some of us until midnight helping put out all our fires. He didn’t have to do that. And I think the other amazing thing is that he was always encouraging you. He could tell that sometimes I would get frustrated, and he would just remind me kindly/matter-of-factly, “It’s going to get easier with time.” The rest of the staff at Ironhack is amazing too. They’re all so interested in making sure that you have the best possible experience; granted, it's in their best interest to put out the best quality product, but they work hard at it and they know you’re here to change your life and they don’t take that lightly. They do weekly surveys so that they can constantly improve. They don’t just treat you like customers but like friends, sharing with you about their lives and experiences. And overall, they’re just genuine people which adds positivity to the environment. Another staff member you’ll be interacting a lot with is Brito. He’s going to become more important later on in the course as you start getting ready to go to market. And, of course, he becomes really important as you actually go to market. The guy has a ton of connections (and he wants you to exploit them) and he is there to help you (and he will help you) — you just have to do your homework. (Some students got hired before we even graduated because of his contacts.) He is also the guy to tell it like it is — and that’s exactly what you want with someone who is supposed to help you land a job. Another amazing thing about Ironhack is the environment. But again, the environment is founded on the people. You get to go everyday to this awesome co-working space surrounded by like-minded individuals. People who have decided to make a change in their lives and just go for it. That momentum is was catapulted my learning. I had peers who I could turn to when I needed help or they turned to me for help. You have an amazing support group for when you’re down and wonderful people to laugh with when you need a little break when you’re staying until 10 or 11 pm coding away. It’s really hard to find that and Ironhack has found it. Overall, I wouldn’t trade my experience at Ironhack for anything. The environment is awesome, the staff is awesome, and the material is awesome. But the most important thing I learned (and I know you’ve already read this) is how to learn. Even with that year that I spent learning on my own and even taking a paid course at MDC, I learned more at Ironhack after the first week. This is just the tip of the iceberg and there is so much more to learn, but now I can build and learn while I do it. Do research, make a change, and give it your all. Wherever you decide to go - just do it.Read Less",ironhack
"Taking the UX-UI Full-Time course here at Ironhack Miami is the best thing I've ever done. Not only did I fall in love with UX-UI, but I was given an amazing opportunity by Ironhack to be sent to Paris. In Paris I will be presenting my Final Project to... Read More a group of new UX-UI students. The Ironhack team is beyond excellent, every week they pulled each student aside to make sure their experience was nothing less than perfect. If you're looking for a career change I highly reccommend investing in Ironhack. Ironhack has surpassed my expectations which were high to begin with in the first place. Maite (Instructor) and Kary (T.A) were amazing. They made an excellent team and made us (the students) feel like we were all one big family. Maite is highly knowledgable and passionate about what she does and it shows in her teaching and willingness to put in extra time and make sure we're going to do well in the tech ecosystem. As far as the curriculum goes... It is a lot of work to do, but it's nothing you can't handle.Read Less",ironhack
"Un Bootcamp de lo más completo, que recomiendo por el buen equipo que lo forman y lo capaces que son de dar formación de calidad en tiempo record, te preparan para ser capaz de desarrollar cualquier aplicación que te plantees desde 0 hasta producto final... Read More y por supuesto enseñarte a ser capaz de meterte en cualquier tipo de reto sin tener ningún tipo de inconveniente, como incorporarte en cualquier equipo de trabajo sin ningún tipo de problema. Prepárate para sacrificar 2 meses de tu vida practicando y trabajando a tope!! pero aún así ha merecido mucho la pena.Gracias chic@s de Ironhack Madrid!!Read Less",ironhack
"IronHack has been an amazing journey for me. With amazing instructors and incredible people around you, IronHack is worth it. If you are thinking of doing it (if you have the passion and willing to work hard), then don't think about it. Just do it.We... Read More had an amazing instructor Nizar. He is truly gem. He knows in and out of the content he is teaching. He spots the errors in our code in just seconds. We were very lucky to have him as our instructor. He was very patient enough to help us understand the concepts. We were also well supported by our T.A Dapper Dan. If you are looking for job after Ironhack, Brito (Our Placements Manager) is the man you should be in touch. He always pushes us to work hard. He knows almost everyone in Miami tech community. He brings amazing guest speakers during cohort. Just listen to his advice. If you put in your work, he will get you where you need to be.Overall, IronHack has been an awesome journey for me. There is still so much to learn but IronHack has provided us the base to get started with it.Read Less",ironhack
"The most important skill learned through Ironhack's UX/UI Design course was the systematic approach to probelm solving. In learning UX/UI design methodologies you learn to problem solve using guidelines that optimize the solution through careful consideration... Read More of the ""user.""Maite was my instructor and she was simply phenomenal, her passion for UX and her UI skills were beyond impressive. She is an influencer in the UX/UI design community and her ablity to inspire the class and instruct us in the techniques Ux'ers would need to be successful was inspiring. Maite always maintained a professional attitude and never displayed disappointment in the class or any student -she always maintained a sense of inspiration and the class responded to her instruction with universal admiration. If you sense a degree of admiration for her, I can assuredly state the admiration was felt by every student in our class- she was amazing in conveying the concepts that were new to us and ensured we fully understood the principles being taught. I can't say enough about the quality of education I received at Ironhack and it was the result of the superb instruction Maite conveyed. I would highly recommend Ironhack in an instant to anyone looking for a coding school or UX/UI design school- I can't imagine any school surpassing the standard the instrcutors and staff set at Ironhack- they are beyond reproach.Keri was the other part of the success myself and the other students achieved at Ironhack as she was the ""teachers assistant"" for our class. Keri teamed with Maite to form an unbeatable combination of class instruction........if any student needed clarification on any aspect of class instruction, Keri was always ready with a smile-never showing a hint of despair. The chemistry between Maite and Keri was a pleasure to experience as they formed an unbeatable teaching team. Keri displayed complete mastery of UX/UI design principles and eagerly helped at a moments notice, she clearly has the qulaities of a top level instructor.Brito is the ""Placements Manager"" and I've yet to see anyone more passionate about matching students with carreers. Brito is often found running around the school creating/maintaining contacts for carreer fairs to ensure every student has the maximum chance of successful job placement. He is a core component to student success with unmatched connections in the Miami tech industry and is highly regarded and respected. Brito always maintains a level of approachbility and availablity and is 100% committed to matching up students with the correct potential employers. Students normally interact with Brito near graduation time as he interviews every student and forms a relationship and pairs student traits to the best matching employers. He clearly takes great pride in his success rate in matching students to carreers and truly enjoys his role in student's success. The Ironhack staff was always courteous and approachable. The staff actually knows every student by name and always maintains a level of ""friendship"" that is difficult to describe. On 1st day of enrollment- the entire staff meets with all the students and engages in ""name"" games to enhance name recollection- this is an ingenious concept to student introduction and clearly works as the staff calls everyone by name! The school has a very 'informal- tech startup' feel which is likely intentional and helps foster an enviornement of learning and friendliness.The classroom environment also featured a ""tech startup"" feel with it's glass walls and sense of openess to staff and students alike. I would not change a thing to the learning enviornement, it was pleasing and provided a relaxed feel.My experience at Irohack was completely positive- the instruction and curriculum was flawless and the staff was always friendly. Ironhack sends weekly e-mail 'surveys' asking how they might improve the school or staff and it was difficult in making such recommendations. My suggestion was to add a ""soda"" machine to the upstairs kitchen as I don't drink coffee or beer!Ironhack is more than a school- it is a place where life-long friendships are formed and fostered. Both students and staff alike bond in a unique way I was not expecting and this sense was echoed by my fellow classmates. Ironhack is a place where lives are being changed and oppourtunities and dreams are being realized ..........I fully recommend this school and know anyone who enrolls will likely have the same experience and will be ready for their new carreer.So when you're ready to experience the most unque learning experience you'll ever engage in and ready to meet a super-friendly staff, enroll in Ironhack and get ready to be called by name.....I was beyond imprerssed and bet so will you!Get ready for a life-changing experience because I was not and I'm so glad I attended Ironhack.....new friends, experiences and careers are waiting! (I have no affiliation with Ironhack other than being a fully satisfied student.)Read Less",ironhack
"This course is well suited for individuals who have sparse or no experience in coding. It was amazing how much growth can occur due to this experience. My experience involved a lot of growth inside and outside of Ironhack. The venue was incredible with... Read More free snacks and coffee. But being immersed in the Miami culture was another plus. It was almost like going to another country, as I stayed in East Little Havana. I am currently rectifying my experience by translating what I learned to improve my App design and coding skills to practice. I am going to hopefully publish successfully some code/App that I have been hoping to create for a very long time. My coding/ultimate career aspirations were accelerated and lit due to a recent personal situation. But I believe and hope by the evidence of continual real output that Ironhack was like gasoline that lit the flame.Read Less",ironhack
"The best decision of my life was to find Ironhack and learn from each one of the instructors.Just as a friend recommended me this school, I recommend this boocamp with eyes closed. Even though it was 8 weeks I learned so much that I would have liked to... Read More spend years learning there day after day. I am very happy to be part of Ironhack.Thank youRead Less",ironhack
"I just completed Ironhack's full-time UX/UI Design Bootcamp in Miami and I have to say it's probably one of the best decisions I've ever made for myself. The amount of knowledge and new skills you acquire in such a short amount of time is pretty amazing.... Read More The most important skill I learned through the course was how to problem solve. The process of problem solving that we were taught isn't limited to just websites or apps, it can be applied to absolutely ANYTHING. Maite (Instructor) and Keri (TA) were such a great team that complimented each other. They were knowledgeable, resourceful, passionate and extremely supportive of everyone in the cohort which made for an excellent learning environment. They really knew the material and I'm so glad I was able to learn from them. Aside from Maite and Keri, everyone on the Ironhack staff were always friendly and helpful. One of the most helpful people there is Brito. He genuinely wants to see you land a job and he sets you up with the tools to do it. I have to say that my overall experience at Ironhack was amazing. I made new friends and I learned new skills. It was very challenging at times, but totally worth it.Read Less",ironhack
"I think it is a great personal investment due to all that you are going to learn in such a small amount of time. Could you do it by your own? Yes of course, but I don't think you could achieve it in just 9 weeks. at least in my case, and of course you... Read More will be instructed with the best coding practices following market standards. Go for it!Read Less",ironhack
"Trabajaba en una consultora Accenture, estuve allí 5 años. En uno de los proyectos en los que trabajé descubrí el mundo de UX/UI y no dudé ni un momento que tenía que dirigir mi carrera hacía ahí. Lo he disfrutado todo de principio a fin. Han sido 8 semanas... Read More muy intensas, en las que me he volcado 100%, cada día me despertaba con ganas de llegar a clase y seguir aprendiendo. Todo lo que me interesaba de UX/UI al ser cada semana un módulo he aprendido de todo. Lo que más me ha gustado es el ambiente en clase, somos como una gran familia al estar cada día aprendiendo y trabajando en los proyectos la experiencia ha sido genial!Read Less",ironhack
"When I joined Ironhack, I had some doubts about the quality of the teaching, since it is only two months of course. But nothing is further from reality, are two super intense months that make you go to the limit in both stress and learning, making you... Read More discover that you can give more than you had imagined.After two months of course, you will be able to defend yourself as a web developer perfectly, and not only that, your desire for learning will probably increase and you will realize that there is nothing impossible to learn.If you are reading this and you have not signed up for Ironhack, if you have the opportunity, I strongly recommend you try it. You will not regret!.Read Less",ironhack
"How should I describe my experience while attending Ironhack? It was simply GREAT.In order to give you, my fellow reader, some insight about what was this bootcamp for me, I'll tell you that I am a Civil Engineer who decided to make a career change into... Read More Web Development. With no much knowledge about programming before Ironhack, I decided to prepare for some months before applying (something that you should try doing, because the bootcamp is freaking hard!), and then got into it.The results? I can truly tell you that after finishing the Web Development bootcamp, I CAN perfectly work as a programmer, and feel really prepared for whatever comes in the future, because after this, you will feel that you can learn anything and will face challenges with no problem at all.There is still a long way to go, but trust me when I say that Ironhack feels like the best educative experience I've ever had and wouldn't hesitate to repeat again.Read Less",ironhack
"I have to say that these 2 months experience was very intensive. I think I have never worked so much in my life ! it was worth it.I  already had before a professional experience in UX/UI. My goal was to learn last tools and methods for UX Design and these... Read More goals was reached. Courses were very interesting and most of the teachers were great professionals. Our TA (Teacher Assistant), Louis, was also a great assistant !We had the opportunity to work on 4 projects: two personal ones and two collaborative ones. The results were amazing.I think I am now quite well prepared to get a UX designer job.Read Less",ironhack
"I come from a Graphic Design/Engineering background, and Ironhack really taught me the extent of the science of User-Centric design. The methods are specific, and really helped me decipher the mystery of UX, as well as sharpening my technical skills!... Read More The teachers and staff members are from all walks of life, they’re passionate, attentive and rigourous.I really felt like jumpstarting my career and this was definitely the best bet, we’re very properly walked from the initiation to the recruitment process. 2 months obviously don’t give you the time to learn everything about UX in the workplace, but the intensity of the work and the content gave me the confidence to start a career in UX/UI! The atmosphere is really nice! The classmates and teachers feel more like my family after these amazing 2 months! And the premises: DAAAAAAMN. I’ll let you see for yourself (hint: free coffee and beer)Read Less",ironhack
"I've started this bootcamp with the intention of pivoting from digital marketing to UX/UI design. After completing it, I feel ready to start a career as a designer! I have acquired skills in applying UX methodologies and design thinking to various cases,... Read More and know how to make great wireframes in order to create a functional prototype. I still have a lot to learn abour UX / UI, of course. Even after several years in the field you are still learning about new practises. But while talking to professionals outside the bootcamp, I was told I progressed a lot in just 8 weeks and am really able to work on a professional project.The teachers all come from a professional background so it's has been great to be taught by skilled people who are aware or the trends and best practices of their own field. The whole Ironhack team has been very welcoming and organized events related to our studies regularly.As we were all together during the program, the other students became like a second family. Let's say that we had our load of joy and pain together! And since we are located in the WeWork Paris, building, we had access to very nice facilities.These 8 weeks has been really intense so the ones who are enrolled in this program must be mentally ready to give a lot personal investment. But it's really worth it.Read Less",ironhack
"If you are looking for a really intense and powerful learning experience that will change your career, you are in the good place. Il you think that you need to chill out and take things easy, run away or just stay where you are. It's called ""confort zone""... Read More BTW...At Ironhack you will have 9 weeks of challenges and hard work that will really push your limits. So take the challenge and dare! Just a tip, buy some vitamines before....work hard and keep smiling.Read Less",ironhack
"Having realized that I had to leave my last job as a journalist that didn't satisfy me at all, I decided to start from scratch at a completely different area: Web Development. And which option could be better than Ironhack? That's what some of my partners... Read More told me. I decided to face the challenge... and by this moment I can say it's been one of the smartest decisions of my life. Even if frustration has made me think I wouldn't be able to success, i discovered I could fight my fears and ""hang on"", like a cat poster. One of the most important things were my colleagues. The IronHack family always help you when you need support, an extra explanation or a positive vision when your world looks grey. Now, two months have passed, and I'm not entirely conscious on how much i've improved and learned as a professional and as a person too.Read Less",ironhack
"Applying to Ironhack was the one of the best decisions I have made in my life. Before coming here I was let go of my job and went through a devasting hurricane in Puerto Rico. Although It was an intense 8-week course, I was provided with all the tools... Read More and resources necesarry, and I have grown personally and professionally.Read Less",ironhack
"Why I Did the BootcampI have a business background and decided to get into UX earlier this year. If you look me up in Medium, over the holidays I will be posting a much longer post on how I made the decision to get into UX. Many folks have learned and... Read More practiced design and web development on their own. Make no mistake, it can be done - but since I don't have a design background, I wanted a program that could guide my learning. But guess what - all of the other 8 students in the class had a design background of some sort and they found it worth to take the course as well.The thing about design is that it's more than just making something look good. It's about knowing how to solve a specific problem, applying best practices, AND making it look good. And you can't do that in a vacuum, you need others to critique your work, you need to know how to work with clients and you need to know how to work with developers. And that's what Ironhack exposes you too.Before taking the course I read reviews not just about Ironhack, but about coding and design bootcamps in general, and some of the reviews were pretty bad. Some said they didn't prepare you for an actual job in the real world, that they were just diploma mills and wanted your money. I can't speak for the other bootcamps out there, but Ironhack is ballin'.Finally, I am from Washington, D.C., relocating to Miami. Getting into Miami Tech seemed daunting; I didn't know anyone, didn't know what companies were hiring, didn't know any contacts. And now that I've just graduated, I can say while looking for a job is still a challenge, it is in no way daunting. I know my stuff and I know what's out there.About IronhackBefore applying for the course, I visited Ironhack and one other bootcamp in Miami in person. Ironhack is located at Building.co, a coworking space in Brickell (downtown Miami). Right now I'm typing this to you from the rooftop patio on the third floor. It's baller. More importantly, our classrooms are nestled in between real tech companies that occupy space in the building. At least once a week I run into the startup founder that won Refresh Miami's Tech Demo Day in October. I'm not just learning about tech, I'm bathing in it. Furthermore, the vibe here is just different. I feel like I'm wanted here, like I belong here. I've made what I think will be lifelong friends. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, the staff here is just... the real deal. Really. And they're respected in Miami Tech - I know this from attending networking events and mentioning that I'm an Ironhack student. I've only gotten positive responses from saying that.Alia, the GM, personally called me to congratulate me on getting into the program. When my wife came to visit the course one day, she welcomed her as if she was another student. You can't fake that.Brito, the placements manager, is so well connected he probably knows Barack Obama and Obama doesn't even live in Miami. And he's sincerely interested in our success.Marisa, the program manager, and Pat, the admissions manager, are similarly supportive and friendly. And finally, for the UX/UI fulltime bootcamp this past fall, we had the most amazing Instructors, Maite and Kerri. Maite had done UX in Paris, London and I think New York and is world class. Seriously. She eats, sleeps, drinks UX. Like I'm almost worried for her sometimes that she needs to get to the beach more. :-) . She pushed us very hard to be our best, yet I knew every day she cared for us. You can't fake that.Keri, our TA, had completed the course previously and was the cheerleader we all need when completing a program like this. It's hard. If you give it the level of effort you need to be a great designer, it's even harder. And she was always there, answering our questions and encouraging us through frustration. In ConclusionI don't know what the future holds. There are no guarantees. I know it's hard out there. But as far as it relates to my professional life, where we all spend the majority of our days, I'm more hopeful than I've been in a long time.Whether you choose to do a bootcamp or not or Ironhack or not, if you're reading this I hope you find peace and meaning in whatever you do, and live courageously enough to work through fear and pain to better yourself and others.""Don't ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive."" - Howard ThurmanRead Less",ironhack
"When I first signed up for Ironhack I kept asking myself if I made the right decision. I was concerned about the price, if I would really get hired, if I'd leave feeling accomplished and fulfilled with the curriculum, and if it would all be worth it at... Read More the end.All my doubts were crushed within the first week of the cohort. I loved our instructor, the entire staff, and made instant friendships with a good amount of my class. I was learning so much in a small amount of time, I felt pressure, but the pressure felt good. Every day I'd learn something new and with the curriculum, I was able to apply it right away to a project of my interest.Prior to Ironhack, I was confused about what I wanted out of my future and thanks to this opportunity I know have the skillset to enter an evergrowing field that is highly in demand and is only growing with the technology around the world. I had received two phone interviews before even graduating so the hiring rate is real. If you work hard you will get opportunities, there is no doubt about that. I hope to close a job offer before the holidays to start 2018 with a career in this new field. Thank you again Ironhack, you changed my life.Read Less",ironhack
"Before I started Ironhack I did not know how to build a web page or even understand code. But after a 9 week course with an amazing instructor (""Nizar"") and a great aid (""Dapper Dan""), I have learned many valuable skills and can create a webpage and/or... Read More site, as well as understand code in general.I believe the most important thing I learned at Ironhack would be learning how to read code and debug issue's that I may come accross in my future while as a developer. Along with the help of a great placement manager (""Brito""), the future has many doors that will surely open up for my career change into the tech industry. The staff at Ironhack is very passionate and always willing to help or give advice if needed. Ironhack is by far one of the better life choices I have made in my life and I would reccomend it to anyone looking to learn how to code. The entire staff deserves an award for the amazing work they do here at the school.Read Less",ironhack
"If you're wondering whether you should join a coding bootcamp (and you are GENUINELY interested in pursuing it), stop what you're doing and APPLY RIGHT NOW. The reason I write the above first is because that is what I saw in several reviews I had read... Read More when searching for the right bootcamp. Yet, every time I would always think to myself, ""Is that really the truth, though? Will I regret making the jump?"" So before I write the rest of my review, I can tell you that those reviews were right!Before joining Ironhack, I was working at a digital marketing company in operations and product development (and before then I had just graduated with a bachelor in Architecture), so clearly I had zero coding experience prior to Ironhack. After about a year of debating whether I wanted to make a career change, I found Ironhack. I put my fear aside and reached out to ask for a campus tour here in Miami to get the ball rolling.Application Process: The first person I met at Ironhack was Alia, and Alia does NOT dissapoint! I felt such a great energy from her and genuine interest in getting to know me and understanding why I wanted to join their program. Shortly after, I applied and scheduled my three interviews (general interview with admissions, career interview with Brito, and a technical interview where you must solve a coding challenge). All three interviews went great (again...the only experience I had was working with developers, but never the actual coding aspect). The moment I received a phone call from Alia that I was accepted into the program I immediately felt two things: extreme excitement with a side of fear of ""what did I just get myself into.""Cohort (9 weeks): The structure of the class is exactly as they describe it on the site. Grab your coffee in the morning, learn, code, lunch, learn and code (did I mention the coffee is free and unlimited?!). What really made the course, though, was our instructor Nizar and we were so lucky to have him! The way he explains the concepts is very clear for the most part and, to someone with no coding experience, I was able to understand what he was teaching. He never says no when you need help, and what's great about it is that he doesn't just hand the answers to you. He makes you think about what it is you're doing and what you need to do to get there. Now, I'm not saying your journey will be easy, because it won't be. You need to put in the time inside and outside of class to make sure you're not falling behind. The course moves quickly, so it's very easy to fall behind if you're not keeping up. You will feel like (and I can only speak from the perspective of someone with zero coding experience), ""Holy crap, there is an entire universe of coding that I did not know about,"" but don't get overwhelmed! Don't let it discourage you, but do expect to be learning for the rest of your life as we all know how quickly technology can change. Finding a job: Brito, the recruitment manager at Ironhack, is also someone you will meet and never forget. Keep in mind, he is not there to hand you a guaranteed job on a silver platter at the end of the cohort - and he will make that very clear. He does a great job of coaching you on what networking events you should attend, what you need in your LinkedIn and in your resume, and is available whenever if you have any questions or need help. There is also a hiring fair where companies come in to sit and interview with you, I have yet to experience it as our fair is not until January, but it's great to know that we get the opportunity (thanks to Brito) to have that chance of ""speed-dating"" with several companies who are looking to hire.Overall, my experience was amazing. I don't regret making the jump and am lucky to have been able to attend Ironhack. For the past 9 weeks it never felt like I was going to ""school"" and I was always excited to go in the next day to learn something new. The environment, staff and vibe of Ironhack was the cherry on top and I'm so glad that I chose to stay in Miami and attend their course. If you're reading this and you're still wondering whether you should apply....just do yourself a favor and do it already :).Read Less",ironhack
"Before joining Ironhack, I was apprehensive at investing a few thousand to attend a coding bootcamp. I ended up taking the risk and choosing to go with Ironhack. There was not one day during my time at Ironhack that I regretted that decision. It has been... Read More one of the best and most powerful choices I have made, because it literally has life changing consequences. What I came to realize, is the initial investment in a coding bootcamp, is exactly that … an INVESTMENT in yourself. Forget investing in other things that you have little control over, because the best choice you can make is investing in yourself by investing in your own education. I did weeks of research prior to joining Ironhack, and without any doubt it is the best coding bootcamp in Miami. I never felt like anyone was being fake with me, I never felt like I was being treated like a “number” in some education mill … this is absolutely nothing like that. My professor was Nizar and he was extremely intelligent, kind, and was accessible at all times. The whole staff is. One of the cool things about Ironhack, is witnessing staff members like Nizar, Brito, and even guest speakers, just staying for hours after their shift ends to teach and talk more with fellow students… When you see these things, you come to realize that Nizar, Brito, the guest speakers, all help because they truly love their job. I think thats really the key difference your going to find, its like this perfect crew of people who love what they do, are passionate, and love playing a key role in helping others in their journey to success. I was part of the Oct-Dec 2017 cohort at the Miami campus.Read Less",ironhack
"Before starting at Iron Hack, the most experience I had coding was simply watching the 1995 movie ""Hackers"". Other than that, I had no idea what I was doing. Coming into this, I had researched many other coding bootcamps and visited with many others as... Read More well. However, none of them gave me the same vibe that Iron Hack did. What do I mean by ""vibe""? I mean that they actually cared about their students. Most of the other schools came across as simply trying to get me in the door, but Iron Hack literally took the time to sit with me, one-on-one, and very sincerely asked me ""Why do you want to do this?"" I gave my explanation as to why I wanted to do it and they proceeded to give me a detailed account of what my everyday schedule would be like and the amount of work that would be required of me if accepted. Every other school I visited would just give a generic ""you can do it, just work hard!"". The staff is unlike any other. Our Professor Nizar was basically, what I believe, every professor should be modeled after. This man would go out of his way to ensure that you understood what you were doing. He never simply gives you the answer, he works with you until you understand how to get the answer. He's also hilarious and made what might seem like a dull topic at times into something fun and interesting. Also, as part of the staff, you will have what is basically your guardian angel, Brito. You worried about getting a job after this bootcamp? Don't be. LISTEN TO BRITO. This man will not steer you wrong, and as long as you're putting in the work Brito is going to bend over backwards to make sure you find a job that is right for you. I can't recommend this place enough. If you're looking for an amazing bootcamp that is worth the money, go to Iron Hack. You won't regret it.Read Less",ironhack
"I come from the world of Advertising and Public Relations and until joining Ironhack I have worked in my own advertising agency, Green Proiekt, being responsible for the creative and design part. Before Ironhack I had only worked on the Web design side,... Read More but I had never programmed before.After finishing Ironhack, I can say that I have learned new technologies such as Angular, Nodejs, Express, MongoDB, Javascript...It's an extremely hard Bootcamp in terms of the amount of content that is taught in just 9 weeks, but the level at which you leave the bootcamp is pretty high for a junior programmer position.If you want to take advantage of the bootcamp you must take it seriously and focus only on the programming during those 2 months.I recommend it for people who want to change their professional career, as well as people who want to complement their profile with the knowledge that is taught.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack ( Miami-Bootcamp )I just want to said that is my best experience ever in just 9 week i learn like ever i did before i just want to thanks God for help me with all of this, thank for all the people in Ironhack that help me to enter to this curse... Read More and now dicember 19/2017 im a graduted from Ironhack...My name is Robert E. Gonzalez I invate to pass this experience...God Bless US...Read Less",ironhack
"I was part of the Oct-Dec 2017 cohort at the Miami campus. This has been hands down the best decision I've made in my life. It is most certainly a game changer. If you are thinking about it, my advice, stop thinking and do it! I understand most people... Read More considering a web-dev bootcamp might be overwhelmed at the idea. However, it is not like what you are thinking, this is not a traditional college lecture or highschool classroom ( time flies by ). This is a new home and a new family. I think there was only one person in the cohort who had a degree related to computer science, other than that person, no one including myself had a computer science background. We still succeeded, in just 9 weeks we already had 3 projects under our belt and being able to do full stack apps on our own. Much of what makes Ironhack what it is, is how the faculty interacts with each other and with the students. Their work culture is so amazing, they have a special type of relationship, nothing like I have ever seen before. Of course this translates to the students. The staff develops a relationship with the students and in my opinion this improves experience so much.The learning doesn't stop there. At least for me, I took to learning other things during my free time. Things that weren't necessarily part of the curriculum, but I wanted to take advantage of having an instructor to which I could ask anything any time (literally any time. My instuctor would get back to me on Sundays! ). Ironhack gives you all the tools you need to succeed. From how to write amazing software, to what to say to future employers (more of this below). Like anything in life the you have to do the work, but my Ironhack family definitly made so much possible. The most important tool that I learned at Ironhack was how to ""LEARN"". You can't expect to become a the best developer in 9 weeks, but you can expect you will graduate with knowledge on how to become one! If you put in the work, I can guarantee you this. Nizar, our lead instructor is the man! The guy is legit one of the smartest people I've met, and one of the most patient as well! Trust me, dealing with me is no easy task. However, he was always there for me, and like I mentioned above, he even answered my questions on a Sunday. Rarely (very rarely) will he give you the answer to your problems directly, he does much more for you, he tells you how to be resourceful and where to look or something along those lines. You end up solving the problem on your own and because of this, you learn so much more. The whole teaching staff is amazing, Ironhack always have great T.A.s. Our T.A. Dappered dan was the man. He was also always accessible.The experience does not end there. At Ironhack, they have a placement manager. His name is Daniel Brito. What do you need to know? Brito is one of the most connected people I've ever met. Everyone in the South Florida Tech ecosystem ( maybe all of South Florida ) knows who Brito is. His background makes him the most qualified person for the role. His been on both sides of the table when it comes to hiring. If you decide to take the course, make sure you follow his every word. Why? Well I did, and I had a job before the cohort ended. He will also never write your resume for you or give you an answer directly, but you can expect the most detailed feedback you could ever imagine. He knows exactly what employers look for and will get you to where you need to be if you put in the work!I can comfortably say Ironhack that has changed my life and I am very grateful for this!Read Less",ironhack
"It has been intense and amazing. I began with almost no knowledge of programing and during the course I’ve been able to build by my own 3 different websites. Really happy with my teacher André and the TA (assistants). The rest of the staff was always... Read More willing to help, including individual interviews to know our concerns and suggestions to improve. My experienc at Ironhack it's been worth it!Read Less",ironhack
"Before to start the Ironhack’s bootcamp, I had my own company.My experience at Ironhack has been hard but great. In two months you receive a Lot of information to asimilate.Some moments you have to deal with much stress.I have learnt all process of UX... Read More and UI, from end to end. Also making the projects is a good exercise in order to know what is the process the companies are going to request when you finish the bootcamp.What I liked most from the bootcamp, is the way is structure the bootcamp, more practice than theory, also the events or activities that Ironhack has offered us from the beggining, such us ironbeers, pizza, visits to companies..Also the support you receive from Ironhack’s staff is something that I give great value.Finally, knowing my classmates is also a great experience and how we have help each other during the bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"This very sentence has driven me since I can remember. It has taken me through my Business studies into my first job in Fintech, from there into a Finance Masters, and lastly into Ironhack.On my way to their web development bootcamp many had questionned... Read More what programming had to do with finance, to which my response was always: I’m going there to learn how to learn a programming language.Little did I know that Ironhack would offer me so much more!1. A family. The people are amazing! Both staff and students, all from different backgrounds and sparkling with ideas and ambition.2. A network. A strange bond unites Ironhackers all over, leading to an ever- growing community of people seeking to help each other and exploring the tech world.3. A new way of approaching work. André Torgal (our teacher) has decades of experience in different projects and Agile training; he has taught us a new way of approaching challenges, teamwork and life!4. Thirst for disruption. The fabulously engaged staff continuously organises events with startups, successful entrepreneurs and innovators. Here we all gained insight into the tech world, and it has unleashed my creativity by showing me how to build the very tools that allow us to ignite change.5. A loooot of fun. From parties and dinners to a weekend trip to an amusement park, it was (despite all the intensity and very hard work) never-ending fun.I now am not only equipped to work as a front or back-end programmer, but also have a framework to easily learn other languages that align with my chosen industry (+ a few side projects which I inevitably crave to build).Best (and most useful). Holidays. Ever!Read Less",ironhack
"Overall my experience at Ironhack was very good!The first thing that has to be said though is that it is a VERY challenging and tough course.But the support received from our teacher, TAs and staff has been a more than valuable experience. Everyone is... Read More willing to help you, listen to your concerns and support you in any way that they can.All the staff have put in so many extra hours and have truly been there when needed. The insights we have got from Andre (regarding the professional world, and the reality of things) are uncomparable to anything - I am not sure where else I would have gotten this time of input and feedback. Also, I cannot ever be thankful enough for all the extra hours and support the TAs have given to us.I would do Ironhack all over again and can only recommend it, however if you decide to take the bootcamp be prepared to spend lots of additional hours working: the more time you invest, the more you will end up getting out of this course.Read Less",ironhack
"I am a recently graduated Industrial Design Engineer, and always felt that university was wasting my creativity and motivation. I started coding by chance during the last year of my degree and tried to improve a bit my coding skills with few results with... Read More a lot of time invested. After that, I decided to join a bootcamp, such a difficult decision! Finally, applied for Ironhack’s one.Two months later I have to say that it has been one of my personal and professional best decisions of my life. Obviously, here you’ll learn a lot of programming from learning units which are constantly revised, and they put a lot of effort and resources so you can find a nice job. But It would be unfair to define Ironhack just like this, some goals.In Ironhack I found really good teachers that help and encourage you during the whole bootcamp. Same people who helped the cohort to reach a good work environment where all interests, levels and profiles fit. And a really dedicated staff that really care all your worries and will do everything to change what you don’t like and make you feel like at home. They organize a lot of interesting events every week and, of course, some parties :)After becoming a family for a couple of months: students, teachers, staff, ironhackers... I realized that what makes Ironhack special is the passion we all share and how newbies are involved with this same passion.It has been super intense, sometimes hard, but always exciting. I learned a lot and I strongly recommend it to everyone! Good Luck! ;DRead Less",ironhack
My experience at Ironhack was simply amazing. Teachers and TAs gave me excellent treatment. When I entered at Ironhack I did not know anything about programming and now I have enough knowledge about it. I think it's a fundamental way to learn programming.... Read MoreRead Less,ironhack
"The overall experience has been AWESOME. Although the bootcamp is exhausting and demands so much effort. People make it incredible. The nice environment and the cool activities after and during the lessons come included! The Stuff is doing quality control... Read More Typeforms and 1 on 1 interviews every week so everything is perfect! There's nothing really to complain about :) Now the bootcamp is over and there's a bittersweet feeling. I really needed this to finish but I'll miss it a lot!The only thing I could say is... during the hiring day, there were so many work opportunities requiring React and this is a pitty :( Maybe, and just maybe, they should teach React instead of Angular. Anyway, if you're doubtful, go ahead with Ironhack, it's the best thing to do.Read Less",ironhack
"I studied Industrial design and just before becoming an ironhacker I used to design satellites for Airbus Space. My experience at Ironhack has involved a mixture of feelings, from absolute joy to physical and mental exhaustion, even frustration sometimes,... Read More but overall it has been amazing. I have spent the past two months with the most amazing bunch of people in the world.We've had several teachers and I have learnt a lot form all of them. Now I can develop a digital product end-to-end, I have acquired a handful lot of techniques and resources that I can apply to the projects I'll face in the future. Also I have learn the value of listening to your users and how failing early and testing often is vital to keep you in the game!I have enjoyed the experience a lot, but I think that the thing I've liked most (and the thing I'll miss most) is the comradeship we've developed within this 2 months. We've leant on each other and we've learnt everything we could from one another.Read Less",ironhack
"Antes de empezar en Iron Hack, me estaba planteando empezar una carrera, siendo más específica, medicina. Mi madre vio la beca de Wallapop y me dijo de probar antes de empezar nada.He aprendido muchísimas cosas gracias a Iron Hack, ya sea el temario y... Read More aprender una filosofía tan buena de equipo y de trabajo.Mi experiencia ha sido increíble, ya por mis compañeros, mis TA's, por el ambiente, también siento que en cierta manera me ha cambiado a mi, y me hace muy muy feliz.Lo que más me ha gustado, sin duda, es la sensación familiar, el ver como empiezas tan perdido y acabas tan orgulloso de tu trabajo, que con esfuerzo y mucha dedicación, se puede sacar algo increíble.Sin duda repetiría IronHack y se lo recomendaría a cualquiera que tenga pasión por el código o por el diseño.Read Less",ironhack
"Before my UX/UI bootcamp in IronHack I was studying Computer Sciences and ADE at UC3M, I also did the Web Development Bootcamp two years ago.The experience went really well overall in both bootcamps. Some weeks were very stressful, but it’s nice to learn... Read More to live situations of pressure. Time have past really fast and I will miss spending my time here.I learned to teamwork, I learned a lot of new methodologies and I acquired a really good basis to continue developing my career as a designer.The things that I liked the most were meeting a lot of really good people, the networking and the good vibes of the place.Read Less",ironhack
"Soy director de arte y diseñador con experiencia de más de 16 años entre agencias de publicidad y estudios de diseño. He trabajado en diferentes proyectos tanto online, como offline y tv a lo largo de estos años.Para marcas como Juegos Empresariales,... Read More Bodega Privada, Bizz Global, Grupo AVISA, Canal+, Yomvi Cinesa, Morato+infinito, Mediaset España, Cuatro, Digital+, El País, Prisacom, Red Bull, Coca Cola, Telefónica, Terra, Santillana, BBVA, Carrefour, Citroën, Trek, Repsol, Banco Santander, Opel y Volkswagen entre otros. Actualmente soy freelance pero desde hace tiempo sentía la necesidad de que ciertos procesos de trabajo no se estaban realizando adecuadamente y fue por ello que descubrí IRONHACK pues una amiga, que ya había realizado el Bootcamp, me comentó que aquí aprendería lo que necesitaba saber para resolver las dudas que tenía al respecto.Fue por ella lo que me animó a experimentar estas interesantísimas 8 semanas de BootCamp.Reconozco que aunque se trabaja mucho no, muchísimo para poder aprender en tan poco tiempo las metodologías actuales UX/UI que hacen que los desarrollos de productos digitales lleguen a buen puerto, estas 8 semanas me han servido para al menos sentar las bases de lo que podrán ser proyectos bien construidos.Todo se consigue gracias a un profesorado a la altura de los tiempos. Profesionales del mundo digital muy actualizados que crean grandes productos digitales que usamos en nuestro día a día, el equipo organizativo de IRONHACK que son unos cracks y unos alumnos (mis queridos compañeras/os) que hacen que todo esto cobre sentido y puedas conseguir lo que te propongas. Todo junto se crea la receta perfecta.Sólo no puedes, con amigos si.Gracias a todas/osRead Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I worked at energy consultancy as a visual designer and frontend developer. I have felt passionated for a long time about UX, and the bootcamp has made sense to all product process. It has given me an expanded and deeper vision of what... Read More I do. Learning from your classmates enriches your work a lot. Ironhack has offered me many opportunities for both career and personal growth.Read Less",ironhack
"After working 2-3 years in small startups as a web developer I realised that UX design is crucial and I wanted to learn about it. #becaWallapop came along and I knew it was meant to be! I was finally selected and began the UX/UI Bootcamp, after two months... Read More of work and emotional intensity, it’s the first time that I finish a course having the conviction that I have the resources to face a new professional stage.Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I worked as an architect in Germany.As I love design in all its forms and wanted to get into the digital world, I got into the UX Bootcamp when I returned to Madrid, and I have discovered that the architecture and the world of the UX /... Read More UI have a lot to do!The Ironhack experience has been incredible, not only for the amount of things we have learned but also for the human quality of the entire team (teachers, TAs and staff) and my colleagues. I have made many friends!I have learned EVERYTHING.Research and UX tools, design principles, typography and color palettes, to look for references and where to look for them ...But above all methodologies and different ways of working, because we had 6 different teachers, each one a crack in their own way, and each taught us a different way of understanding the issues, focused on one point or another and taught you examples of the real world, so at all times we had contact with the world of work and what we were going to do next.What I liked the most was without a doubt the people.From Ironhack, camaraderie and teamwork are very much encouraged and then when it comes to work it shows and is wonderful.The level of demand is high and we must take the final project forward in just 2 weeks! Working hand in hand with your colleagues not only helps you in many moments but also makes the experience more enjoyable.Not only among the UX colleagues but also with the web ones. It is incredible to be proposing a project and to be able to talk to a programmer about the doubts that arise.It has undoubtedly been a wonderful experience that I would recommend to anyone who is considering getting into the world of UX.Read Less",ironhack
"I used to work in Advertising, developing and ideating digital strategies for brands. As an advertising creative and designer, I always felt that something missing in my design process. Everything I developed was based on my experience and intuition.... Read More That's when I discovered Ironhack and joined them thanks to a Wallapop Scholarship. The best about Ironhack is that you learn x3. You learn from your teachers, from your classmates, and from former students. Furthermore, Ironhack culture helps you get the best of you without giving up the social part. You end up with an up to date knowledge, autonomy to keep learning every day and the best connections in the industry.Read Less",ironhack
"I signed up for Ironhack wanting to go in a different direction in life, having previously worked in all sorts of different, not particularly creative jobs. In 9 weeks I went from very basic programming skills to being able to build a full web application... Read More with both front-end and back-end in modern respected technologies. You get out what you put in - the program is intense and ultimately the students who get the most are those who stay the latest and work the hardest.Between the teachers, the other Ironhack students and the friendly office team the atmosphere was fantastic. Events were organised regularly to get to know different parts of the Tech sector and life as an engineer, as well as to party and have fun with other students - there are always an ample supply of beers available for students to enjoy after classes.In terms of value, Ironhack was the best educational experience I've had (for comparison I have degrees from Oxford, University of Edinburgh, IE University in Madrid)I received 5 interview job offers before the Ironhack hiring day the following week, and several more at the hiring day. In terms of salary from low to high these were between a job as a front-end developer start-up in Barcelona for €20,000, a full stack engineer in an established international company in Barcelona at €30,000 a year or at a Dutch company in Amsterdam for €50,000. All with ample opportunities to learn. In terms of working as a freelancer, I was also contacted by a UK agency offering 300GBP a day to work as a remote developer. As I said above, I worked one of the highest in my cohort - those who put in similar efforts saw similar rewards though.You'll learn skills which will help you your entire life, especially how to learn new technologies: in the four weeks after finishing I built applications with Ruby on Rails and Elixir/Phoenix, as well as using Javascript Libraries and frameworks I'd never even heard of during my time in Ironhack. Ironhack is not perfect. Don't come if you expect perfection; come to learn how to deal with real life situations. Sometimes the content is outdated --- just like happens in every programming job --- programming language change; sometimes things don't happen as expected; learn to deal with it. That's real life. The only thing I would say does not reflect real work is the lack of attention to testing. I don't think the importance of testing was impressed upon us - certainly in my cohort the one module that related to testing was treated as optional/an annoyance, and we were never taught principles of TDD or who to write a test. If it were up to me, I would have at least one of the portfolio projects have a small scope, but by developed through TDD. I think students would find more, and better paying jobs and ultimately be better developers because of it.Read Less",ironhack
Ironhack has a customized approach to education based in its teaching practice. They have an environment full of good vibes and extraordinary people. The program is designed to help you reach the goal at all times. Teachers and staff are super friendly... Read More and always available to share their knowledge and experiences. Students have the opportunity to be part of the tech community with events and workshops. Graduates of Ironhack will be well-positioned to find a job as a web developer or UX/UI designer since they have access to career services that prepare them for the job search and facilitating interviews. Six months with a group of great students and human being who share the same passion was the best decision I made. I would highly recommend taking this course to anyone who has interest and passion for web development. I would go back and do it again.Read Less,ironhack
"Ironhack’s UX/UI design bootcamp was pretty intense. Be prepared to go from zero to hero in eight weeks with the help of their amazing staff, industry leading guest speakers, mentors, leaders and teachers. My cohort had five different teachers who brought... Read More forth their own special skill set to the particular module they taught. Horacio, our TA, was an iron hack grad and was always there for us. Ironhack is located in Building Inc which is a hub for several start ups in the Miami tech eco system which makes it a very motivating environment to work in. While and after your time at Ironhack, Brito- Ironhack’s placements manager takes you on his own career bootcamp. He helps you polish up your resume, interview skills, and portfolio in order to get you in the right direction after you graduate. Overall they have a system which seems to work regardless if you are someone trying to brush up on skills or wanting to change careers. Definitely be prepared to put in work, sacrifice time and all that good stuff. The resources and network is there for success at Ironhack. It’s all in what you make of itRead Less",ironhack
"My experience at IronHack can be resumed as AWESOME. Teacher and TAs are very professional, and subjects of the course contains the latest web developments techniques. Facilities are unique in Madrid, surrounded by park and river. And best of it is how... Read More they focus the classes and the programming: they empower us to do our best and continue learning even on the hardest situations. One of the key points that made me recommend IronHack is the people that you share your time with. All them are very motivated and have the same concerns, so that helps you to develop new and more complex projects. After the bootcamp, my professional network has increased exponentially. I encourage recommend this course/experience!! ;)Read Less",ironhack
"I had initially been looking at Web Development bootcamps for about two years prior to finding Ironhack this was partly due to mixed articles about these kinds of programs as well as the technologies some of the programs taught. I had reached a point... Read More where I was tired of working stagnant retail and call center jobs, and wanted to see if I could really turn my hobby into a career.Shortly after moving to Florida, I had been told about Ironhack from a friend and figured I may as well apply. Alia had contacted me back within about 15 minutes, and I was scheduled to come in a few days later. The interview process was not complicated, and the staff I spoke with did a great job of outlining the program. My biggest concern was that without having a college degree, and without any previous work experience, that a program like this still wouldn't help me, however Daniel Brito did a great job of explaining how to work around those things. I had also been doubting that I would have the bare minimum skill needed to pass the technical interview, which ended up going well (So don't doubt yourself on this!).  From the very first week, week 0, I decided I would start showing up to finish up some of the online prework that was assigned before the course started, this was the first time I met Kevin, on of the TAs, who was very friendly, and had a manner of encouraging learning without just handing you answers.  After the first week started our primary instructor Nizar gave us a run down of what our schedule was going to look like, and I'll admit it was intimidating. Nizar however, had a manner of teaching that made the fact that we were learning a LOT more enjoyable than stressful. In addition to that, the TAs Kevin and Ariel both out host break-out sessions throughout the week to focus on different concepts that some were struggling with, and held these sessions in a way that students would also be able to participate. To compliment the technical side of learning the skills needed to become a software developer, Daniel Brito also regularly would teach us the Ins-and-Outs of the career side: Networking skills, community events, resume building, etc. and this was something that was very unique and welcomed. I had expected this to be like most traditional schools where they will teach you skills and concepts, but will leave you on your own when it comes to getting employed for those skills. This also brought about the possibility of learning beyond the scope of the Ironhack curriculum, as we were actively encouraged to attend events and meet people in the tech scene who were established developers, entrepreneurs and startup founders who also were willing to share their knowledge, some working in the same building as Ironhack was located.  Now with all those ""pros"" being said, it should be noted that while not exactly a ""con"" there are some things to keep in mind: They call this a bootcamp, and that is a very accurate word to describe it. It's not easy, but it's not impossible either. Unlike traditional schooling, you wont get a degree for simply showing up and goofing off. We had to do projects that applied everything we learned, and the time given to complete these project was 1 week, and then they had to be presented to both the class, and occasionally other people who were in the building. Before Ironhack, I had written some scripts and small programs for fun, but they were never seen by anyone, and now I had to not only show it to my instructors, but to several people?! It stands as one of the most stressful things that I would gladly do again. What was great about this though is that it conditions you for what is expected of you in the industry, and by the end, these presentations were more fun than stressful. Ultimately Ironhack teaches you how to stand on your own in a relatively new and rapidly changing industry, and teaches you how to continue teaching yourself long after you leave the program, so that your skills will stay competitive. Nizar is a master of both writing code, and teaching it. Kevin and Ariel were great at encouraging us when we got stuck or stressed out, and also making things fun. Daniel Brito will make you into a rockstar when it comes to networking, job hunting, and building a presence for yourself in the tech community of your choice. Thanks to the well crafted curriculum, and the great staff, I've now gone from a guy who had moved from working in aerospace to working at grocery stores and call centers, who wrote simple programs on the weekend for fun, to a Full Stack .Net Developer at a company who's 2 week development sprints are a walk in the park compared to the 1 week high-pressure sprints for Ironhack's projects.If you are on the fence about whether or not you should attend a program like this, and are serious about becoming a web developer by profession, then this program can change your life.Read Less",ironhack
"I recently graduated from the UX/UI full-time bootcamp in Miami. It was an amazing experience. The class structure and the instructors were great. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to enter the field or to learn about the field regardless... Read More of your experience. My background is in business / entrepreneur and I was trying to find a way to put an idea into a MVP to look for investors. This class helped me to understand all the available tools to make your job easier and also some techniques to make the process of building an App systematic and consistent. Although my intention was not to become a full time UX/UI designer, these new set of skills complements my background very well.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is the best school I've ever been. They have an environment full of good vibes and extraordinary people. During the course, they help you believe in you and reach the goal at all times even when the course ends. I am fortunate to have been through... Read More this course. I have to say Nizar (the instructor) is the BEST. He helps you go through everything and makes sure you truly understand what he teaches you. And Brito, he just never gives up on you. He truly wants to make sure you end up where you actually want to be.Read Less",ironhack
"I did UX/UI Design Bootcamp because I was looking for something different that within my skills I could do. I studied dentistry and for me it was a Challenge to change my profession. Now as a designer, and thanks to Ironhack who gave me the tools to train... Read More me in this area, I can say it was a very nice experience because I learned many things, and most importantly, they taught me how to learn those things. One of the most valuable things that I learned is... to share knowledge, and to think like others to make their lives simple balancing all points of view.Read Less",ironhack
"I decided to enroll Ironhack after a year struggling to learn to code by myself. The online courses will teach you a lot but there's one and the biggest advantage of live word and that is - that’s able to teach you to develop not just your skills but... Read More your mindset as well. Speaking about that, the best thing for me was getting the ability to learn how to actually learn to code and how to find good resources which gives me opportunity to gain new skill sets now on my own.The people working in Ironhack are super friendly and always available to meet you on any way - to share their knowledge, their experiences and their resources with us. Out TA was Nick Borbe, truly amazing man who dedicated himself the most during our cohort and spent a lot after hours with us, especially during our final project weeks. Big thanks to this awesome guy!Speaking of people who gave the most knowledge and their precious time to us, besides Nick, there’s one more name there - Nizar. His pure passion for this profession can be seen and felt from the far, and his ability to solve your issues just by taking a short look at your code is just amazing.In the very end, there was the hiring fair. Our placement manager Daniel Brito gave us a lot of useful instructions and we spent a week preparing for the upcoming interviews with him and his guest speakers. So overall, I don’t regret a second for choosing Ironhack. Spending six months with a group of great people who share the same passion and taking this road with them, was the best decision I made. I would highly recommend taking this course to anyone who has interest and passion for web development.Read Less",ironhack
"I first heard about Ironhack because I lived close to their Miami campus and saw they were having a workshop on HTML/CSS. I had done some basic web dev back in school but hadn't touched it in years. Being in the classroom for the workshop brought back... Read More all the fun I had in initially building awful looking myspace pages and the like using only a laptop. I was hooked.I soon applied for the full-stack web bootcamp, leaving a good job at the time because I knew this bootcamp would take me in the direction I wanted to go. I wanted to be able to build applications to help my teams and clients, and knew that I had enough curiosity and perseverance to actually likely make it happen.This bootcamp is no walk in the park. I quit my job, didn't go out with friends, and focused as much of my energy as humanly possible on grasping the changing concepts. Each day we had a morning lesson, exercises, an afternoon lesson, and then a night project. While instructors did help those in the class that were falling behind, the class moves fast and you have to give it your all to progress. The instructors were not only an intelligent, hardworking group, they took care of each question that came about, and often stayed after hours to help with projects, going far above and beyond. The classmates were a driven bunch. It was exciting seeing each person, coming from vastly different backgrounds, excelling and struggling at different stages.After the bootcamp, we all make one final application during a 2 week sprint, and then present these to Ironhack and the community, a group of maybe 80-100. Afterwards networking happens and then its on you! I found a full stack web developer role a few months after graduation, through a recruiter friend of mine from back home. This did require me moving back to Philadelphia from Miami, which was a little sad but it is a reality. Please don't assume that you will immediately find a job right where you studied, you may have to pick up and move to find something!In conclusion, I highly recommend the Ironhack experience. You will learn the basics of full stack web development. You will learn how to make real, production applications. You'll learn about the nuances that are in modern web development, and learn what you need to learn next. If you work hard enough, you will be able to convince hiring managers that you are now an entry level software engineer.Read Less",ironhack
"Antes de Ironhack trabajaba en turismo. Mi puesto era Guest Experience Manager en el Melia Paradisus Varadero en Cuba. Me gustaba mucho, los retos diarios me hacían crecer como persona y encontrar nuevas maneras de solucionar problemas en un País en pleno... Read More desarrollo. No obstante la programación desde siempre tenía un lugar especial en mi corazón y a la vuelta de Cuba buscaba la manera de cumplir con este sueño. Encontré IronHack y sabía que era lo que buscaba. IronHack tenía todo, el networking, los profesores y un muy buen plan de educación. Basado todo en lenguaje de programación JavaScript, me abrió la puerta para entender como funciona todo lo que pasa por detrás de una aplicación e incluso crear mis propias aplicaciones. Aprovechando estas nuevas aptitudes, ahora mismo estoy colaborando con varios compañeros para lanzar dos aplicaciones web y trabajo en una empresa en Madrid como Front-End-Developer. Estoy muy agradecido a IronHack por el labor que hacen, dando estas oportunidades y abriendo puertas al mundo del development.Read Less",ironhack
"I came to Ironhack after changing my carreer from the logistics industry. What called my attention of Ironhack's program is that they are up to date with the most recent technologies.They teach you How to Create an application with MongoDB, Angular2,... Read More Node.js, Express.js, Bootstrap, HTML5, CSS3, Ajax, APIs, jQuery and some other technologies.They not only teach you all the technologies listed above, they teach you all the treack and details to be taught. The staff is amazing, the lead instructor is a CIS graduate and has been programming a very long time, he is the best of the best. The TA's are also really knowledgeable and ready to help. The staff is amazing and very well prepared, very higly prepared people.The placement Manager, Brito, is amazing. He knows everyone in the tech scene. He prepares you and how to be the perfect candidate and assists you in your job hunt.There's also a hirefair at the end of the bootcamp where you meet a lot of potential employers, which is also an amazing source to get a job right after the program.And the building were you code everyday is one of the best facillities I've ever seen. It's just so nice to be there and stay there.Most importantly, you leave the bootcamp knowing how to code fullstack with very cool and original projects that you do during the course.I recommend this bootcamp 100%, the best of the best!Read Less",ironhack
"I decided to enroll in Ironhack’s part-time course to communicate more effectively with our development team for my business, Gaming Frog. Ironhack gave the tools and knowledge to understand how the development process of any web application works. The... Read More best part about Ironhack has been expanding my understanding of programming. Every time we started a new module things started to make a lot more sense to me in the projects I manage. Another of the best parts about this program has been getting to know you classmates, in part we became a family. It’s always a great experience to share time with mind alike people.Read Less",ironhack
"I was at a fork in the road when I first started researching Ironhack, I wasn't sure what direction was the right one for me. After speaking/meeting with the staff, they were extremely helpful in order for me to make the right choice for my goals and... Read More interests in the most non-pressuring way. The whole entire staff was readily available and willing to help me from start to graduation and I will be forever grateful for them and the knowledge/skills I have gained from IH. Finding UX/UI was like finding my soul mate, and without IH I most likely would have had the chance to find my passion and make a career out of it. From our fantastic campus, brilliant instructors, and speakers this life-changing experience cannot be summed up in one tiny review...all you need to know is...just do it, okay! You won't regret it!Read Less",ironhack
"Joining UX/UI Full-time Bootcamp in Miami this summer was so sudden but so smooth. I was looking for changing my career in business administration to tech. UX was a perfect fit! All Ironhack staff was so professional, nice and responsive, that I easily... Read More took a decision to change pretty much everything in my life. 8 weeks in bootcamp were very intence-apart of learning all the basic and must-have skills and tools, I've learned how much I can extend myself to achieve my goals. Instructors-who are ninjas in what they are doing, guest speakers, our TA Horacio-always super helpful and even the space where the course took place- Building.co in the heart of Brickell- made Ironhack bootcamp one of the best experiences in my life!I know that it was just a start of my career in UX/UI, but it was a kick-start!Read Less",ironhack
"I came to Ironhack from a completely different background. Having studied business I never thought I would end up programing. That world seemed far too complicated, and I thought it was too late to begin now. Reading about the subject on the internet... Read More I found out about Ironhack, a bootcamp which ensured that anyone could program.I was a bit sceptical in the beginning, but at Ironhack they proved me wrong. After 9 weeks of intensive programming I ended up creating a videogame, a film repository and a web app to learn about blockchain technologies! It has been truly an unforgetable experience. Ironhack has incredebly innovative methods of teaching and I have met wonderful people.This experience has given me a technological background which opens the doors to opportunities which I did not have before. THanks to programming and my business background I can do whatever I want now!Read Less",ironhack
"For as long as I can remember, I have always been interested in computers. Very soon I was already breaking my Ubuntu on purpose, just so I could repair it later, which was very easy at the time since you had to actually compile 80% of all the soft from... Read More source ! I then had a few dark years as a teenager/young adult, which basically anhilated my ability to think or engage into anything meaningful for myself. Fortunately I grew out of it eventually but my life choices had led me in a completely other direction.... International business. Being bored with school, I actually started to work full time at the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra of Liege , for what was supposed to be a few weeks, but ended up as the whole season. Then, that's when everything changed...But not your traditional ""It was a magnificent Friday of August..."". I was just hanging on the web, reading some kind of tech news, and completely by chance, stumbled upon ""Ironhack"" and two others ""Bootcamp"" as they called it. A few articles later,I took a gut guided decision to actually take my chance and applied on the spot to 3 different bootcamp across Europe, completely impervious to the life altering consequences this ""Why not?""gave rise to.I loved it so much I spent all my days week-ends included at the school and now that it's over, I wish it would have lasted longer !Read Less",ironhack
"I was looking for a way to make a career shift from marketing to web development. After following classes online for a while, I decided to attend a bootcamp to deep-dive into it. Here, you'll think, talk, breathe and even dream code for 2 months. In my... Read More opinion, there is no better way to learn than this. It's a lot of work, but it's well worth the effort.The best thing about Ironhack is by far the teachers: they're always available with great advice, tips. And most of all, they have an amazing capacity to explain even the most complex concepts in terms that anyone can understand.If you're looking for a way to immerse yourself into web development, then this is a great choice for sure. The technologies you'll learn are state-of-the-art, and a great entry point into this career path.Now that the course ended, I'm currently interviewing for a variety of roles spanning from Frontend/Fullstack/Backend dev to growth engineering to project/product management. I'm confident this will lead to an interesting new career.Attending Ironhack has been a great experience, and I'd do it again in a heartbeat!Read Less",ironhack
"To simply explain my journey at IronHack: I knew nothing about JavaScript 3 monthes ago, and now I'm working on a project started at IronHack with still some help from the staff!Lessons are intense but great with a really good atmosphere where each student... Read More helping each other to get the better of themselves! the teachers are awesome and they work REALLY hard to provide us with the best material. They are always available and willing to help you to understand what you are doing, even the weekend! That's unvaluable !!The curriculum focuses on JavaScript: Great and very powerful technology, with VueJs it allows you to build great product in no time but with a lot of work ! The best thing with IronHack : you are abble to keep learning and you benefit with a great and constant help from the teachers.If you want to deep in the code, IronHack will provide you great tools and support to do it. It's hard work but it's worth it !!! And cherry on the cake: you will meet great people (students and teachers...and the IronHack staff)!Read Less",ironhack
"It is indeed very good Bootcamp which gives you an excellent medium to become a Developer.It is an incentive bootcamp in the sense that during 8 weeks you will not get any time for family , other activities, you are required to be 100 percent involved... Read More in it. Long working hours, homework and coding practice take all your time even during weekend.Don't forget to do prework before joining IronHack bootcamp , its really useful. It makes your life easier during the initial lessons.All tutors are very intelligent and helpful. They create friendly environment for students. They make sure that you have understood each and every concept. They are also easily accessible in case if you have any question or if you need some extra lessons even during weekend.Read Less",ironhack
"I joined Ironhack looking to make a career change (from Finance to Web Development), and it was my best decision of 2017! The bootcamp is great, you'll learn all you need to build modern web applications with a client-side and server-side architecture.... Read More The team is great, super-available, and always looking for ways to improve our experience (regular one-on-ones, cool events, interesting talks...) so if you're looking for a bootcamp in Paris, do not hesitate! :)Read Less",ironhack
"Really great experience! It's not easy, but it definitely worth efforts! The teachers are very helpful. We learned everything about ""state of the art technologies"" to be able stand up and running in web development.If you thinking about trying bootcamp... Read More - make sure to check up Ironhack. Lessons on English, friendly team, a lot of useful information.There is few weeks of prework - it is much better to do it thoroughly, before bootcamp starts.In my expirience, first week was deceptively too easy, after that the real challenge started.I was amazed how many everyone in my group learnt and did after the first project, and now - after the end of the bootcamp - I'm really impressed about how many we practiced and learnt.We were lucky to have a co-hacking project in the end to make one more project.The team are helpful with ""job support"" - CV, training for interviews, organizing job interviews etc - but because I'm searching for job outside France - I cannot be fully objective))Read Less",ironhack
One of the best experiences of my life! Very engorgeing by starting this bootcamp but step by step the staff and the students were able to put me at ease and to boost me in the moments of weaknessesAnd then the Paris team is just magic thanks to them... Read More for these two months of madness!Read Less,ironhack
"This really was an outstanding experience on so many levels!First, IronHack makes sure the curriculum is in synch with the latest developments in the tech industry (think ES6, Vue.js, Bootsrtrap etc.) so you end up with skills that are relevant on the... Read More market.As a matter of fact, a bootcamp is very intense, so be prepared for a rough ride, with much knowledge to absorb, a good dose of frustration and a few doubting moments to overcome. True, the learning process is exhilarating at times and painful at other, but always keep the faith that with time and practice you will progress, understand and succeed. A bootcamp can fit many profiles from total newbies (as the former me) to people with some knowledge of computer science or that have already dabbled with programming. Hence, our cohort was quite heterogeneous in terms of levels and goals, but it created a healthy emulation where co-students and assistants were always supportive to students that were most challenged.Ultimately, as a student I am amazed by how much we have learned and achieved in a span of only 9 weeks. Yet, it is also very humbling to realise that there is still so much more to learn and that some advanced topics are just out of the reach of jr. devs. One thing I realised as well, is that programming is a craftsmanship that requires hours upon hours of practice and hands-on experience and no one can become a programmer overnight. Nevertheless, a bootcamp is simply the perfect kick-starter that will provide you with the basic skillset to be able to learn by yourself. Note that If your goal is to be recruited as a jr. dev after the bootcamp, which ws not my case, I strongly recommend that you enter the bootcamp as much prepared as possible (do online tutorials, watch YT vids, check as many resources as possible etc.).In a nutshell, I can assert that thanks to IronHack I have grown from code illiterate to code literate, which is truly life-changing.Hats off to the staff for, although we were only the second Parisian cohort, the bootcamp was already a fine-tuned machine very well connected with the French tech ecosystem. A very special mention to the teaching staff (teachers and assistants) who were extremely skilled and whose dedication was just out of this world...Pricing wise, definitely reasonably priced for its value and a well worth investment.Read Less",ironhack
"Lo que me animó a hacer Ironhack fue la necesidad de un cambio, la universidad me dio mucha teoría pero cero práctica y no me veía capaz de incorporarme al mundo laboral, tan adulto como me parecía. En cuanto a contar de Ironhack, la verdad que sólo puedo... Read More decir cosas buenas, el equipo es una maravilla, ha sido mi familia en Madrid durante estos dos meses y siempre dispuestos a echar una mano con cualquier cosa; en cuanto al curso, genial, empiezas la primera semana poco a poco y cuando te quieres dar cuenta, estas luchando contra el último proyecto, con unos conocimientos, ¡que parece que llevo programando 3 años (mínimo)! La experiencia, mejor que bien, de verdad, es que me ha cambiado la vida ""radicalmente"" en dos meses y medio, llegue a Ironhack con miedo en pleno Agosto, y ahora en noviembre llevo 2 semanas trabajando de desarrolladora FullStack, confiaba en Ironhack, pero no pensé que sería tan rápido.Y en cuanto a lo que he aprendido, mucho, ya no sólo he aprendido JS y a todos sus amigos, si no que también he aprendido a seguir investigando, y así puedo seguir formándome yo sola, que en el mundo tecnologico, o te renuevas cada día o te oxidas, y eso lo he aprendido allí con vosotros.Read Less",ironhack
"I had a fantastic time at Ironhack and learned so much. Nizar is one of the two best teachers I've ever had and I have been in school for way too long.The effort he puts in is admirable and motivating.Kevin and Gus were very kind, helpful and ego-boosting... Read More TAs and I appreciate them immensely.The Ironhack staff is amazing, Alia and Marisa, you two are integral to the success of one of the best bootcamps worldwide.Brito is a really awesome guy, he truly cares and he will do his best for you. And he has some quotes that you will remember your whole life.I was hired as a developer after the course and this would not have been possible without Ironhack. A fair word of warning however: you must dedicate yourself entirely and you must love programming. You will have to go above and beyond what is taught in class to be competitive in the job market. And once you have finished these two months, you will realize how much there is left to learn; it never ends, so be prepared and make sure this is your passion.Thank you to all of Ironhack!!!Read Less",ironhack
"Overall, I had a great experience at Ironhack. The most important things I learned were how to use Sketch and how to get outside of your own needs and really focus on user needs. I think Alex Souza is a real asset to the course. Horacio was a really great... Read More guy, but overall I don't think he added much value to the class. One of the best parts of Ironhack was getting to know my classmates to whom I still speak almost daily. Brito was such a champion for our class and making sure everyone landed a job, I'm very grateful for that. I think Ironhack really gave me the skills to start a career as a UX designer, however, I don't feel the course covered UI very well.Read Less",ironhack
"After giving joining a coding camp much thought, I decided to pull the trigger and join Ironhack’s Full-time Web Development Cohort (Miami) in January of 2017 and I must say it one of the best decisions that I have made to date. I enrolled with the intent... Read More to only further my skills as a developer and put myself in a better position to enter the market as a professional but I walked away with so much more.Anyone throwing around the idea of joining a coding bootcamp has to do their due diligence and really be sure that they get all the information they can on the camp before committing. So as an alumni I am putting myself back in the shoes of a prospective student and will shed light into some of the pressing questions that are sure to be on the mind.Investment: Any coding camp is going to be a sizeable investment in not only money but time as well. Anyone who is toying with the idea of getting into coding and has not yet attempted to learn on their own is running the risk of losing on this investment. A prospective student should be absolutely sure that a coding camp is the right choice for them because the last thing you want to do is be tippy toeing around the idea of a life as a developer only to have gone through the bootcamp and realize that maybe it wasn’t all that you built it up to be in your mind. Look at all of the free resources (Google, YouTube, etc.) and at least attempt to learn on your own beforehand. A career in development is one that involves life long learning so I have to emphasize that you ask yourself if you are considering this bootcamp for the right reasons (i.e. genuine love for development and not the money chase).Curriculum: Ironhack is constantly keeping an eye on market trends with regards to the skills employers want in to see in Junior Developers. In 2017 they decided to take the web development curriculum from one that was Ruby centric to one that teaches Full Stack Web Development (MEAN) with Javascript. This right here is big because it makes you more attractive in the eyes of potential employees as the demand for these skills high and you are given the foundation to go off and build the next big application or at the very least understand how the most popular applications (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.) are built.Course Instruction: Nizar Khalife (Lead Instructor for full time Web Development course) is an experienced developer with real world experience who has a wealth of knowledge and is more than willing to share it if you are willing to receive it. He Knows the material like the back of his hand and you are going to wish that you had more than 9 weeks to pick his brain to extract all of his wisdom.Career Placement: Daniel Brito (Placements Manager) is someone who you need to have as a professional contact as he knows just about everyone in the Miami Tech scene. He worked many years as a Senior IT recruiter so he knows exactly what employers are looking for in Junior Developers. He is also someone who will bend over backwards for you by not only placing employers in front of you but will also show you how to hustle your way into generating quality leads for yourself. His career services are invaluable and are not to be underutilized. Networking: Aside from technical skills, there is networking aspect that launches you right into the heart of the Miami Tech scene. Ironhack has been able to build relationships with major companies and industry leaders that you can easily leverage once you are a member of the Ironhack family; student or alumni. If landing a job as a developer after taking the course is your goal (which it should be), skill alone will not get your foot in the door (unless you are gifted with genius level abilities). You also have to network and make yourself be known in the eyes of the community and Ironhack is your ticket into it.Daniel Brito and Nizar Khalife are invaluable resources that make Ironhack what it is and make worth the cost of the bootcamp. However, they are not alone in making Ironhack the machine that it is. The rest of the staff are an absolute joy and you will never feel like you are just another dollar in the pockets of another organization. Everyone is extremely hands on and will go above and beyond to ensure that your experience is one that promotes your success.In my eyes, Ironhack is by far the best coding camp in South Florida that provides you will all the tools and resources needed to get a return on your investment.Read Less",ironhack
"I will say that attending Ironhack’s 9 Week Web Development Course has been one of the best personal decisions for my life by far. This is not an exaggeration. I chose computer engineering as my major in college to make my parents proud; however, computer... Read More engineers are about signals and circuitry, and I could not see myself pursuing a career revolving around this. I spent 2 years stumbling to find a passion, and eventually, I found it in coding.As a disclaimer, prior to the bootcamp, I gain some coding experience from college, and while unemployed, I attempted to learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript basics through online resources, but I felt like my learning was sporadic and unstructured. I attempted to apply for programming jobs for six months, but after about 90 job applications, no one reached out to me. I felt discouraged, but I knew I needed to find guidance. Ironhack provided this guidance.The 9-week course was fast-paced even for a person with some coding background, so I strongly encourage students with no experience to learn basic JavaScript prior to the start date. The teacher, Nizar, was able to break down complex concepts into simple examples and analogies making them easier to understand. He also provided step-by-step implementation for web application examples. Each day, there are periodic breaks between lessons, so he and the TA can assist us throughout the class; therefore, everyone remains on the same page.The three projects at the end of each module were great opportunities for all of us to shine. I felt proud of my projects since the ideas came from myself, and I was the one (with some existence) who needed to break them down into coding solutions. Having a project at the end of each module helped solidify the skill sets learned in the current section and build on the previous skills. These projects were done in a short span of time (as short as one week) forcing us to learn project management skills.I had one issue that frustrated me and other students during project week. The length spent troubleshooting problems for individual students were far too long. Sometimes one student would take one or two hours of the teacher’s time fixing a feature while there was a queue of other students waiting for assistance. Because of this, during the final project week, I spent a lot of time troubleshooting issues on my own, and I was unable to complete most of the features in my project.After graduation, career week followed, and those seven days were very helpful. I learned strategies for job hunting, and I realized that those six months of no-follow-up job hunting was due to poor tactics. Our advisor, Brito, made sure to have multiple companies at our hiring fair. The hiring fair reminded me of speed dating where you only had twenty minutes per company! It was stressful and excited at the same time. From this hiring fair, I received 3 interviews, and I got an offer 2 weeks later. I am now an associate software engineer making twice as much money as I did a year ago, and honestly, I am excited about my career path as a developer.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience was amazing. Iron Hack is really professional and thorough in setting you up for success. Nizar was the lead teacher for my Web Development course and he’s literally Dumbledore. He’s very intelligent and always available, but his patience... Read More and love for coding is what really is memorable. I don’t know if there can be anyone better to teach, he set such a high standard for me.Throughout the cohort Daniel Brito provides great presentations by notable figures in tech. Those provide a great perspective on what a tech environment provides from experienced insiders. After the cohort, Brito leads career placements. Though not guaranteed yet highly likely, he really sets you up for success to landing your first job in tech. Aside, he also leads the hiring fair at the end of each cohort grabbing a variety of companies himself...crazy.Read Less",ironhack
"There is a reason why Ironhack is rated so highly. They really do take you from 0 prior experience to building full on websites in 9 weeks. I can't say enough good things about Nizar. He is an absolutely amazing instructor, very patient, kind, and gives... Read More his all to ensure all of his students are successful. He will never abandon you when you're truly stuck, and sit with you and make sure you understand. He is also genuinely hilarious which helps a lot when learning how to code. I am very grateful to Nizar, he helped me so much throughout the duration of the course.Our TA, Kevin was also very wonderful. He worked very hard to keep up with all of our questions. Even when he wasn't sure of the answer he sat there and would work together with you to figure it out. He also wasn't afriad to leave us to figure things out on our own when he knew we were capable. I appreciated that. Sometimes we also had Dapper Dan as our TA, he was also super helpful. The staff at Ironhack is great, everyone is very kind and friendly. You really get that feeling of famiy while you are there. Brito, our Placements Manager is also equally amazing. He really does make himself fully available to you to help you get a job. Just to be clear, he's NOT there to do all of the job-hunting work. That's all on you. If you need suggestions, advice, need to prepare for an interview, or pretty much anything else, he's there for you. Overall, I highly recommend Ironhack. I want to send a huge thank you everyone at Ironhack for all of your hardwork!Read Less",ironhack
"If you're thinking about getting into the Web development field and you don't have a clue where to start, this is exactly the school that you need in order to start a successful career as a web developer. I not only learned how to code and build amazing... Read More websites and web apps but also was pushed me to learn every day something new that later on will become a new set of skills. The instructor, Nizar, was well prepared and knowledgeable about all the topics shared during the boot camp, and whenever somebody didn't understand something without thinking it twice he will stand right next to you and explained it, making sure that you fully understand it before moving to another topic. The IronHack staff was amazing and very friendly, at the point that going to IronHack really felt like going to visit your loved ones. With a really nice kitchen, big terrace, and sky view, you will be able to work and enjoy in a really nice and peaceful environment. Last but not least the guy in charge of job placement at IronHack, Daniel. If you feel insecure and afraid that you won't find a job right after graduation, please, don't worry about it! Daniel got your back. There are only 3 things you have to do in order to succeed and get a job in this field right after graduation: 1 - Listen to Daniel! He will give you very important info that will help you not only to find a job in this field but to get a job in any field.2 - Work hard! I will go to IronHack and spend 7 - 8 hours coding and as soon as I got home, I would continue working on projects and going over all the lectures.3 - Practice practice and practice! IronHack will give you the all the tools and knowledge that you would need to start a career in this field but if you don't practice and put the hard work now, later on, it won't get any easier and you need to create a ""practice &amp; study"" discipline and routine.To wrap it up, IronHack not only will show you how to code but will also give you new sets of skills and disciplines that will change your life completely. I deeply love IronHack. It is without a doubt the best coding school!Read Less",ironhack
"Cuando un amigo me recomendó Ironhack como método más fiable para entrar en el mundo del desarrollo web, el primer paso fue vencer el miedo a no dar la talla y no encajar en un mundo totalmente nuevo; después de pasar por el campus del Matadero y tras... Read More apenas 10 minutos, los miedos se esfumaron por completo; el buen rollo que se desprendía allí, hicieron el resto.Una vez dentro te esperan horas y horas de clase, de luchar contra la frustración codo con codo con tus compañeros, de llegar a casa y no poder pensar en otra cosa que no sean arrays, funciones, objetos y puntos y comas; el tiempo parece ir a otro ritmo y, en dos semanas, te plantas delante de 20 personas y presentas un juego completo que además funciona. Después de dos meses, cuando llega el final del bootcamp, te das cuenta de que solamente han pasado nueve semanas pero que parece que conozcas a tus compañeros de toda la vida. Las tardes en el Matadero, cerveza en mano y los buenos ratos que pasas allí dentro hacen que merezca la pena tanto esfuerzo; cuando después de la hiring week te llaman 5 empresas y acabas trabajando de algo que no has hecho en tu vida, aceptas que la recomendación era buena y no te queda más remedio que invitar a tu amigo a una buena cena.Read Less",ironhack
"Tenia ganas de aprender a programar en serio, a no tener que hacer un curso online sino a hacer algo intensivo y con gente a mi alrededor que me motivara a elevar mi nivel de programación en poco tiempo.Lo que más me gustó fue la actitud de la gente por... Read More aprender y la constante necesidad de superación que necesitas para sacarle provecho al curso.Mi experiencia global ha sido muy buena, sin duda repetiría si fuera posible. Creo que en 2 meses ha conseguido tener el nivel necesario como para entender como un desarrollador con experiencia afronta su trabajo y sus retos diarios. Además de aprender la parte del las tecnologías MEAN, en lo que más he aprendido es en a pensar como un desarrollador, a dividir los problemas de código en trocitos pequeños y a ir paso a paso resolviendo problemas grandes.Read Less",ironhack
"Conocí Ironhack por una charla sobre diseño en la que me apunté en Bcn, de hecho no tenía ni idea de que era UX, y me sorprendió, comencé a investigar mucha más información tanto de UX como de Ironhack y otras escuelas pero he de decir que en mi lista... Read More de PRO Ironhack iba sumando puntos, por temario, profesores, buenas referencias, cantidad de horas y reputación, así que decidí estudiar en Ironhack Madrid en la que considero una excelente escuela. Sinceramente es una experiencia holística una de las mejores de mi vida, conocí un grupo maravilloso de compañeros, profesores muy TOP que hicieron del Bootcamp una atmósfera de aprendizaje constante en el que la retroalimentación aún finalizado el bootcamp continúa siendo maravilloso y colaborativo. El aprendizaje es continuo, nunca termina es constante y mientras más curioso seas más cosas descubres y aprendes, una de las cosas que más me ha encantado es la investigación del usuario, ese research que nos ofrece tanta información que nos permite conocer a través de metodologías Lean, si existe o no viabilidad de negocio y como toda esta información se puede llevar a soluciones de diseño pensadas en el usuario que funcionen y generen gran impacto... Y cómo con puntos suspensivos no se cierran conversaciones, aventúrate y descúbrelo tú mismo!Read Less",ironhack
"Me he animado a hacer Ironhack,para tener un cambio de vida, y haberme sentido atraído siempre por la Programación, unido a buenas prescripciones de antiguos alumnos Ironhack y otros profesionales. Su formato me permitió poder dejar mi trabajo anterior... Read More y obtener los conocimientos necesarios en un tiempo record.Lo que me gusto mas es ,El compañerismo que se genera, la ayuda que nos hemos dado unos a otros para sacar adelante este proyecto.Y la verdad que la experiencia global,Es muy positiva, ha cumplido todas mis expectativas y he conseguido mi objetivo gracias a Ironhack.Todo lo que se ahora en cuanto a programación lo he aprendido en Ironhack, ya que antes era curioso en tecnologías pero como quien dice llegué ""virgen"" en conocimientos de desarrollo.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was great. The company is organized and everyone on the team was super friendly. Nizar was an incredible instructor, there is nothing he doesn't know. Kevin, our TA, was also extremely helpful and always available. Brito, our... Read More placements manager, was a key part in my ability to get a job only a week after our career week. Definitely recommend this school!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was one of my best experiences, a great personal and professional transformation.The environment and the teachers are incredible, from the first moment you get soaked in the course, it is intense, but all this you carry with the help of your... Read More classmates, because not only learn from the teachers, but also from them, that's something you don't have when you study online, and the difference is very noticeable.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has completely changed my life. I'm studying a degree in Computer Science and Business and I can assure you that the experience is totally different. At Ironhack, people are like family, there is a great community behind it. Teachers, the staff,... Read More and classmates are incredible. The materials are continuously been updating and the learning by doing philosophy prepares the students for reality, learning the last methodologies, technologies, and tools by using them, making projects along all the bootcamp.I'm super happy with the decision I made, making the bootcamp is one of the best decisions I've taken in my life. It has changed my life and my way of seeing it. Are you prepare for the challenge of your life?Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack experience was very valuable and useful for me as a marketing specialist. I can apply the best practices of user-centric design on a daily basis, implement ideas because of the tools that I have learned and also defend the ideas in a constructive... Read More way. The teachers were helpful and professional, which really helped to improve throughout the intensive course. There is also a great sense of community at Ironhack - everyone comes here to learn, to gain new skills and make a change in their career path, therefore we all work towards one goal and encouraged each other. All in all - recommend it to people who are not afraid to work tons and dedicate 100% of the work produced, because that's the spirit of Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"The Big PictureWhy is the United States known as the land of opportunity? Because you get out what you put in. If you work hard, you will be rewarded. The American system rewards those that are willing to hustle. Ironhack is the land of opportunity. An... Read More opportunity to learn a high-paying, technical skill in 9 weeks and get a job doing what you love. This opportunity, however, is only available to those who are willing to put in the work. Before I joined Ironhack, I was worried that no matter how hard I worked, I wouldn't be prepared because maybe the curriculum was teaching the wrong skills, maybe the bootcamp didn't have strong business relationships in the community. I was proven wrong. Ironhack has far exceeded my expectations.The InstructorOur instructor in Miami was Nizar. This guy will go above and beyond to make sure you understand everything that is being taught.I learned from him in 9 weeks what would've took me a whole year to do by myself. He will spot bugs in your code so quickly it'll make you feel stupid. But this is good, because he will get you from point A to point B much faster. He's half the reason why you're paying $10,000. The more questions you ask, the more you bug Nizar before class and after class with questions, the more you'll understand, and the more money's worth you'll get from this bootcamp. And Nizar will always be willing to help.The Placements ManagerThis is where the other half of your money is going. If you put in the work, this man will get you a job. They call him the plug in the Miami tech community, but we call him Brito. During my cohort, this man managed to invite 17 companies to the hiring fair. Not only that, he's got connections in tech companies you've never even heard of. He works his ass off for you to get a job. And that's exactly what you want. He'll help you with your resume, on your job search, on building a network, on getting to the right person in the right company... Anything you can think of during the job search, this man got you covered. The StaffEveryone at Ironhack is on your team. Everyone is family there. Anything you need, they got your back. The most impressive thing to me is how they ask for your feedback on the class every single week. They sit down with you if you have any compliants and they really make you feel like they care. I believe that with every year, each cohort will get better and better.Warnings before you apply:No one is there to hold your hand. If you slack off, no one gives a damn. You're just competition to everyone else in your class for the same jobs. If you join, make sure you love to code. Make sure you're willing to commit at minimum 12 hours a day to the bootcamp. Make sure you're willing to continue to work without anyone looking over your shoulder.If you join, aim to be in the top 10% of the class. That's the only way you'll be in demand. Do the pre-work. Master the basics, and get a head start in the class. Built connections with people. Go to events, speak up at talks, ask great questions. The connections you build in this cohort will last you a lifetime. Ironhack changed my life, and if I knew how much value they provided, I would've gladly paid double for the tuition. Ironhack gives you the opportunity to be rewarded for your hard work. And you will be rewarded.If you're not ready to work hard and make sacrifices, you're wasting your time.Read Less",ironhack
"An experience that I would repeat again! Not only the content of the classes is top, but also, the environment and the teachers are amazing.When I arrived to the bootcamp my knowledge about web development was very limited, after I finished, I felt very... Read More happy and comfortable with all the tools and content we saw during the bootcamp. Take the chance and happy coding ;)Read Less",ironhack
"More than 400 hours of intensive learning, emotions,teamwork and all this programming and alsodeveloping your own projects.All a recommendation for anyonewho wants to devote to this art and want to learnthe most advanced tools of web development.https://www.linkedin.com/in/alejandrodelafuenterincon/... Read MoreRead Less",ironhack
"If you want to take a professional leap in your digital career, this is the right place. Not only for the content that is provided and their professionalism but also for the community that ironhack is immersed and continues growing. Take the chance and... Read More you won't regret it!Read Less",ironhack
In 8 weeks I've learned a ton. Don't make any plan for this 8 weeks because you're going to live inside this big family.,ironhack
"What can be said about Ironhack that has not been already said? In a world plagued by universities with obsolete educative methods, Ironhack offers a new style of course, perfectly tailored to suit the real demands of the labour market.In order to be... Read More as useful as I can I will describe my personal experience. I arrived to Ironhack from a completely different background, having studied Law and Business. I first delved into the world of computer programming a few months before, but there seemed to be too much material and no structure. It was then that I found this bootcamp.What do I value most of Ironhack:1. Their course is designed to empower you, and teach you to teach yourself programming. Ironhack gives you the means to learn by yourself.2. The course is very particularized, and you are given support and close feedback. After all, they have a ratio of 1 teacher for every 8 iron hackers.3. The iron hack community. Ironhack is an experience which transcends education and it certainly does not finish after the bootcamp ends. Not only does it offer a hiring week, increasing the probability of finding a job, but you form a growing community of Ironhackers, with extensive knowledge in all areas of software development.Beware, It is no an easy experience. In the 9-week-long course you will face frustration in all its shapes and forms. However, would it be worth it if it wasn’t so demanding? If you are tired of your job, are thinking about learning software development, or starting your own business, Ironhack gives you a head start in an industry which is growing increasingly year after year.PD: Don’t bother in trying if you are lazy.Read Less",ironhack
"What is there to say that has not been said already about IRONHACK? In a world plagued with universities that offer nothing but obsolete education methods, IRONHACK poses a game-changing alternative to those who are tired of wasteful and out-of-date courses.... Read More I can't be happier of having enrolled and joined this family. I call it family because IRONHACK is not limited to the education it gives. It is an experience which transcends education, in which the student is given support in every sense. Sure it is a tough experience. But would it be worth it if it wasn't? During the 9-week-long Web-Dev bootcamp you will face frustration in all its shapes and forms, specially if you are a newbie in software development. Looking back I find astounding how much I have learnt. A solid 10/10 experience which I deeply recommend.PD: do not even think about joining IRONHACK if you are lazy!Read Less",ironhack
I've finished Ironhack's UX/UI Design bootcamp last month and it was totally a game changer in my career.I have a background in marketing and I decided to change my path to user experience design. Ironhack offers not only the most updated content with... Read More the best teachers but also generates a great community and networking with former students and professionals.I got a new job in my new career thanks to this course! I strongly recommend it! :)Read Less,ironhack
"I graduated from the full-time Web Development (Miami) cohort in October 2017, and I had a very positive experience overall. Here’s the TL;DR of my review of Ironhack in bullet points, but I highly encourage you to read the rest of the post if you’re... Read More considering attending this bootcamp and want to get an unfiltered and real opinion from a recent grad who now works full-time as a Software Engineer.First and foremost, if you’re going to go into the web dev program, it absolutely has to be because you feel genuinely passionate about this field and working as a developer one day. If you’re doing this for money, you’re doing it for the wrong reason and at some point during the program you will realize you hate what you’re doing and you wasted $11K.Daniel Brito (placements manager) and Nizar Khalife (head instructor for the full-time class) are absolute gold and two people you will learn a ridiculous amount of great things from. Without a doubt, these two guys alone are worth the cost of the Bootcamp and, quite frankly, without them Ironhack Miami wouldn’t be as solid. Listen to them, let them guide you, they do know what they’re doing. The rest of the staff are also very nice and friendly people.Remember that no bootcamp is some sort of magical experience — the end result and your overall success in it really boils down to the amount of effort that you put in. And you have to put in more effort than probably any other endeavor you’ve taken on in your life. This is no exaggeration. Everyone’s lives are different, but do whatever you can to enroll in the full-time cohort and not the part-time. Doing this stuff full-time ensures you will be significantly more focused and with less distractions. Trust me, this is critical.To elaborate some more, Ironhack is a great experience that will without a doubt push you to your limits and make you feel outside your comfort zone almost constantly. This is a good thing, and it also means that the more passionate you are about being a developer, the more you will learn and the less frustrated you will feel when you don’t understand something. One way to know if you enjoy doing this stuff every day is to prep yourself before you decide to enroll (lots of free resources out there, Google it). You do that by making a daily schedule (as in, 5-7 days a week) where you spend at least a few hours each day learning to code and problem solve using JavaScript, HTML, and CSS on your own. Keep this up for a few weeks and you’ll get a better idea as to whether this is something you’d enjoy doing as a full-time job or not. If you walk into Ironhack with that level of commitment, you will definitely do well and you will also get along super well with Brito and Nizar. Brito in particular is someone who knows almost everyone in the tech community in South Florida, and he's also a great guy to talk to. He’s the person who will bend over backwards for you to help you find a job, help you grow your professional network, and give you all sorts of actually useful advice (no fluff or BS) on anything from job hunting, to résumé building, to how to talk to potential employers. But this is only going to happen if you’re dead serious about the program and finding a job afterwards. He is NOT there to do the work for you, you first gotta put in the effort, you gotta hustle, and you gotta love what you’re doing. Nizar is the one other person you want to listen to and learn from. The man has a substantial amount of real developer experience and the ability to almost glance at a problem and tell you what’s wrong with your code and what you can do to fix it. He’s also extremely patient and very good at helping you understand abstract concepts. Overall a fantastic instructor.All in all, this is the best bootcamp in South Florida, by a long shot. Ultimately, it’s up to you and no one else how successful you are in the program and whether you find a job at some point later. Brito and Nizar are priceless. And if you like what you read in this review and are willing to work really hard, then don’t waste any time and reach out to Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack ha sido una experiencia increible, una completa transformación personal!Es una decisión importante, y para mi ha sido la mejor que pude tomar para dar el cambio profesional que quería. Desde el minuto 1 estás inmerso en el curso, intenso, sin... Read More tregua, y todo ello lo llevas perfectamente gracias al equipo y ante todo a los compañeros. Al insistir tanto por su parte en el compañerismo terminas por crear una piña que va a una, y eso se nota mucho!Experiencia que volvería a repetir sin dudarlo!Read Less",ironhack
"Before entering Ironhack I worked as a Civil Engineer and I felt it was time for a change. I was always interested in the tech field and after pondering several options I decided to enrole in the UX UI Bootcamp as I felt it was the right fit for me, not... Read More only because of the topics covered but also because of the immersive study plan. My advice to future students would be: prepare to say good bye to your social life for eight weeks, but also prepare to enjoy. The syllabus is compelling and work oriented, the teachers are fully dedicated, and hopefully you´ll meet people as amusing and interesting as I did. And last but not least: Ironhack´s staff will get you in touch with people and companies working in the field during the last week´s hiring event so you will hit the ground running. Rest assured that your hard work will most probably pay-off, almost all of my colleagues (including me) are now working in this rapidly growing field.Read Less",ironhack
"I approached this course in the same way that I approach life: with skepticism. If you are in a similar position, I recommend that you consider making the investment in the course.I entered the course thinking I was not a social person. However in this... Read More classroom, I was surrounded by a subset of likeminded people who were interested in bettering themselves. The environment is supportive, motivating, and, honestly, fun. Nizar was my instructor for the Miami Web Development cohort. He is kind, intelligent, and a truly gifted educator. He has the ability to meet you at the point in a process where you begin to lack understanding and adapt his explanation in a way that best suits each student.Brito’s guidance through the subtle nuances of negotiating employment in this field was invaluable. To my shock/horror, in tech your skillset alone will not get you the best job. It’s who you know and how they see you in terms of your personality, drive, and ability to learn (for which your skillset serves as evidence). Through his preparation, I was able to make contacts, secure interviews and perform in those interviews with a higher level of comfort and composure.Post Ironhack, I received several job offers, and I accepted a position at a company that cares about its employees and fosters growth from within. I have a fundamental understanding that will allow me to continue learning and sculpt my skillset to fit any area that catches my interest. In addition, I’ve made lasting friends and mentors of both my classmates and the staff.Tech is an incredible industry to work in. Job satisfaction, flexibility, advancement: it has it all. This course creates an entry point for you into this world, that for me, would have been otherwise inaccessible.Read Less",ironhack
"I had technical knowledge but the development was something alien to me, but I ended up programming at junior level. Own materials, own platform, an incredible team. 9 weeks of beautiful hard work. Incredible campus at Matadero Space in Madrid, and multidisciplinary... Read More space to foster culture of web developing.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was even better than I expected.I was a graphic and industrial designer but I did not dare with digital products. I did the UX / UI bootcamp and after only two months, I am already able to work on any technological project. The... Read More amount of tools and resources you get in these classes is overwhelming! so much that later I had to spend a couple of weeks assimilating and ordering in my head and my computer, everything learned.I was very lucky with the classmates, who came from very different profiles and contributed their knowledge in a kind and generous manner. From every person and every hour that passed, I learned things!But the most surprising thing was the number of job offers that I was able to apply with my new profile: ""Ironhack UX / UI Designer"". Through the contacts of Ironhack Hiring Day and Linkedin, I did about 20 interviews in the two weeks afterwards and I had to discard some offers! Amazing! Now I work for SAGE, an international company with very good working conditions. What more could you want?Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was an excellent experience for me! It doesn't matter what is your coding experience, teachers and TAs will teach you what you need, and even more. They are always willing to help, even when the class hours has passed. The staff in general make... Read More you feel part of the Ironhack family!Read Less",ironhack
"For me studying in Ironhack was something spectacular. Everything I experienced went beyond my expectations and imagination. I wish all the courses, schools and universities in the world were at least half as good as Ironhack is. I completely recommend... Read More Ironhack to anyone of any age willing to be part of a journey that you will never forget and that will make you feel proud of yourself. I remember myself sitting in the classroom not believing that the class was over and was time to go back home. I also remember feeling more confident with everything I was learning and being surprised by my teacher's skills and knowledge. Plus my classmates were great and I met a lot of nice people.Read Less",ironhack
I came with little knowledge of programming and yes it’s a short period of time and it’s a lot of information everyday but it’s worth it.,ironhack
"As a top business school student I had the opportunity to visit the HQs of GOOGLE, IBM, Salesforce and Microsoft. There was no visit in which they didn’t underline the importance of coding skills for the majority of positions, including sales and marketing.... Read More After this, I decided to change my fresher summer and go for the web-dev bootcamp at Ironhack.After these almost 3 months, I can say that this is a great plan for any undergrad’s summer.One of the first things you realize at the start is the great diversity of profiles at the bootcamps: from MBA students to entrepreneurs and freelance architects. I was one of the youngest Ironhackers but after a couple days I fell in love with and was part of this IRON-OHANA!The core part of this Iron-Ohana and the magic ingredient of the whole experience is the staff. As an aspiring entrepreneur I admire the fantastic team they’ve created in just a couple of years. They will be your friends, advisors and life-savers during the bootcamp!During the bootcamp I was constantly surprised by the fast progression in the field, though I’ve got to say that this is directly proportional to the level of effort you put in.It’s tremendously hard, but it does pay off! Now in the tech courses at uni I’ve noticed a great advantage and I’m also working on developing my bootcamp’s final project.There’s a piece of advice I’d give to every future Ironhacker: Don’t make the error of having other time-consuming activities during these weeks. Focus and you’ll go from zero to code-hero!Read Less",ironhack
In just 6 months of part-time course I learned enough to land my first job as a Javascript developer and motivated me to continue study and learning new stuff. I'm thankful to Ironhack for introducing me to the IT community and changing my life.,ironhack
"The experience in IronHack has been the most challenging and attractive experience I have ever faced. A Bootcamp fully oriented to people who mostly has ever written a line of code, it is also a rich experience for people like me who has worked the last... Read More two years as Full-Stack developer. The bootcamp has helped to strengthen my weak spots in JavaScript basics and asynchronous paradigm knowledge. It's true that all that knowledge could be acquired surfing the net but working on it everyday helped me to become a great web programmer.Read Less",ironhack
"1. Lo que me animo a hacer ironhack era aprender a programar ya que no tenía ni idea. Yo quería aprender a programar porque siempre se me ocurrían ideas para emprender pero al final no las emprendía por no poder lanzar una web, plataforma o lo que fuera.... Read More Pensé que o sabía programar o no iba a poder emprender nada por mi mismo y menos a esta edad sin recursos. Además, sabía que igualmente este conocimiento me iba a venir bien en un futuro de todas todas. Ya por último solo me quedaba elegir un buen curso, ya que una vez intente hacer algo de coursera pero pase, y me puse a buscar. A simple vista y sin tener ni idea el vuestro parecía el mejor. Luego resulta que acerté ya que aprendí mucho más de lo que me esperaba.2. Lo que más me gustó fue sin duda lo aprendido y el trato de compañeros y staff. Desde Marc y Papu, hasta los TAs, hasta LLuis, Álvaro, Anto, etc. Creo también que hacéis por facilitar un bootcamp cómodo en cuanto a cocinona, ironhack abierto siempre, etc.3. Mi experiencia global un 10 de verdad, sobre todo porque a parte de la amistad, ha sido la vez que más he aprendido sobre algo en poco tiempo y, esto era realmente lo que me interesaba, aprender.4. He aprendido básicamente todo lo que enseñabais y más. Yo creo que lo importante es saber luego manejarse como programador, ya que he seguido desarrollando por mi cuenta un par de semanas y he aprendido, por ejemplo, a gestionar los tokens para logins y eso entre otras cosas. Creo que las dos ultimas semanas me ayudaron a consolidar todos los conceptos y que, realmente las semanas de proyecto son importantes para aprender a moverse como un programador y saber luego sacarte las castañas del fuego ante cualquier error o bug.Read Less",ironhack
"For other Americans out there, just come to Paris and learn to code with Ironhack. This program was incredible. I learned a lot, plus I got to spend the summer in Paris. If you hold an American passport, you are allowed to stay in France for up to 90... Read More days, so you can attend this program without having to worry about getting a Visa. The course itself is intense, you will learn a lot, you will probably find yourself on the verge of tears, but in the end you will achieve more than you thought possible. All of our instructors are experts and could handle any questions we threw at them. The rest of the Ironhack staff was friendly and helpful and I consider them all friends now. This was a Full Stack Javascript course. Prior to the course, I had a little experience with HTML and CSS, and I had failed several times to learn Javascript on my own. On day 1, I was close to a beginner. By the final day, I created a Full Stack Application that I successfully presented in front of our class and invited guests. For me, the most unexpected positive aspect of this program was the introduction to the startup world in Paris. The organizers arranged for weekly presentations from people in every aspect of the tech scene in Paris. We listened to web developers, CTOs, founders, VCs, and attorneys. This aspect of the course was above and beyond what I was expecting when I enrolled and provided us with a context for the technical skills that we learned. This course bootcamp was one of the hardest things that I have done in my life, but I would absolutely do it again!Read Less",ironhack
"Ha sido una de las mejores experiencias de mi vida, desde antes de llegar me han ayudado muchísimo todo el equipo de Ironhack. Una vez aquí, siempre hay algo nuevo por hacer. Nuestro Lead Teacher Marc Pomar sin duda explica fenomenal y no hay ni una duda... Read More que me haya quedado pendiente por contestar.Los compañeros son increibles, porque el espíritu Ironhack que se respira desde el primer día nos motivan para ayudar a los compañeros y nos enseñan mucho sobre la frustración.Además, la Hiring Week funciona, es decir, la semana de contratación vinieron 30 empresas a entrevistarnos a los alumnos (unos 18) y prácticamente todos hemos salido con trabajo.Es una experiencia muy grande y que volvería a vivir en mi vida.Read Less",ironhack
"La experiencia en Ironhack tengo que reconocer que fue muy muy enriquecedora, creo que si quieres empezar a desarrollar desde cero con lenguajes que están a la ultima y muy demandados en el sector este es el sitio. El ambiente es inmejorable y accedes... Read More de inmediato a una comunidad de desarrolladores apasionados por compartir conocimientos. Sin duda lo recomiendoRead Less",ironhack
"La experiencia del bootcamp de UX/UI Design en Madrid fue totalmente enriquecedora, los profesores y el sistema educativo hacen posible el formarte de manera brillante como profesional.Hoy en dia trabajo como UX/UI Designer y todo lo que uso en mi día... Read More a día laboral lo aprendí en el bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"I graduated from Ironhack Miami's full-time web dev bootcamp in 2017, and to prospective applicants I would point out the experience as being key to transforming my career. While I was at the bootcamp, I woke up almost every day feeling like I was making... Read More progress on my goals (in fact, I never missed a day of those nine weeks). This meant that not only did I learn what I was taught, but I was in an environment where everyone around me was focused on bringing out the best of themselves and those around them. If you've ever been in a toxic workplace or even just the wrong crowd, then you know how important it is to surround yourself with kind, excellent people. You can't pay for that, and you can't detect it through your web browser either, but I will go on the record that Ironhack has that kind of environment.And I got my first programming job through them, btw.Read Less",ironhack
"All the instructors, as well as the TAs, were professional, approachable and i wouldn't mind continue working with them in the future:) Also, I’ve learned tremendously from my peers. The positive interactions with classmates was one of the best parts... Read More of the bootcamp.Ironhack staff always sought our feedback and the whole campus in Poblenou neighborhood was cool, i loved the environment.Ironhack bootcamp provided me with a practical introduction to many of the key concepts involved in programming. However, a nine-weeks program cannot quite prepare you for a software engineering role without continuous self-studying. You can nevertheless build a stamina for playing with software which i think is one of the best investments an aspiring developer can make.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was an incredible experience, very intense but also very interesting. You almost live with your classmates, and you learn not only from the great masters, but from the rest of the class. What I liked the most was having the whole vision of the... Read More project, from research to prototype and test, through information architecture, visual design and agile methodologies. Ironhack is improving each bootcamp. Highly recommended!Read Less",ironhack
Ironhack me ha ayudado a prepararme para optar a un puesto de UX/UI design con lo que actualmente se está pidiendo en el mercado y me ha enseñado a seguir investigando sobre lo que se debe hacer para avanzar en mi carrera profesional. Muchas gracias a... Read More todo el equipo de Ironhack por hacerlo posible.Read Less,ironhack
"Ironhack has been a life-changing experience.I was a business controller two years ago and even though I liked numbers there was something missing, it wasn’t ringing the right bell. So I thought of what I really enjoyed and what I was good at and also... Read More what challenges I would have liked. I had some small programming knowledge related to my nerdy childhood and expanding it and making a life out if it sounded like a dream, then it became my plan. I started Ironhack with a strong will but not a final idea of what I could do with it. From day 1 it has been 360 degrees full-on experience. Every day there was an awesome tech event that I wouldn’t want to miss, technical challenges that I wanted to conquer and a bunch of like-minded people that made everything so fun and enjoyable, even the long nights before delivering the projects. I was lucky that Ironhack became my family away from home, both my colleagues, the teachers and the staff.I was the one studying non-stop but the teachers directed my struggles in the right way, showing me how I should work and where I should focus and help me when I felt lost. I tried studying online on my own before the boot camp but I never got near an inch of the results I got out of the course. I gave it my best and I got the same in return. Ironhack taught me a lot about perseverance, and how to solve problems and code bugs in a way that I couldn’t have thought of it before. It made me push through a lot of documentation and it was just what I needed to learn and to be able to improve and learn on my own after the course. Ironhack showed me where and how the magic happens and taught me how to make some myself and I can’t wait to see just how far I’ll go from here.Read Less",ironhack
The bootcamp was absolutely transforming and I found great empathy and support with a new community of professionals that did not exist in my life 6 months ago.The UX tools and processes for innovation and creation we used are supreme quality.,ironhack
"Thanks to Wallapop Full Scholarship I had the opportunity to attend the UX / UI Bootcamp at Ironhack to keep boosting my profesional career.It has been an amazing experience that has allowed me to meet incredible mates, super teachers and warm staff.",ironhack
"Just today someone asked me to draw a graph with an X axis from 0 to my age and a Y axis with 0 to 10, where 0 was the complete worst and 10 was the best. Then I had to draw two lines: one on my happiness level and one on my achievement level overall... Read More my life. When I was drawing the lines, the period I was in the bootcamp was one of the most fulfilling periods in my life, really close to 10, both in happiness and personal achievement. I had to work my ass off to get in, because it is not cheap, and I risked a lot by joining: if it failed I would have been in the shit. But it passed with flying colours. The stack you learn (MEAN) is really good, the materials were really good and comprehensive. The course is REALLY REALLY HARD. Very high paced, even if you have previous experience. So you'll get frustrated, tired, crazy. I would have liked to learn React more than Angular, but still it was good. Two of the teachers my cohort had were really good, and the third one was mindblowing, but we only had him for a week :( Overall, they were really good, patient and always willing to help, but they have to cover a looooooot of content in a really short time, so it is difficult for them, as they can not take the time they would like to to go over some concepts.More than the teachers, for me the incredible part was the other students, the teacher assistants and some other people from the staff. For me, the TAs are the real heroes here. They do the grunt work, they handle our complaints, frustrations, limitations, help us with code and with handling the pressure. And the colleagues I had, I have only love for them. They were all amazing, driven, empathetic, funny people. I miss them a lot. At one point, a crazy CEO with a biotech startup came into my bootcamp looking for developers. I really, really wanted that job, but they were not looking for juniors. I persisted, and at some point they sent me this crazy technical test in Groovy and Grails, that I had never heard of before. I managed, and not only because of my effort, but because my friends there, the TAs and some other staff members encouraged me so much. I felt so supported and so happy. If I had tried that alone, I would have given up. So yes, I got the job one week before my final project, and here I am, in a biotech startup in London as I wanted.And all because I was there with that big 'family', where I was able to achieve way more than I could normally achieve. They make you believe in yourself, in your abilities. Also that has a special value if you are a woman in tech. They push you a lot, the contents are too much and you think you can not manage, but you feel so comfortable that you end up managing. You grow like crazy in such a short period of time you don't even believe it was possible. I can not guarantee that your experience there will be as fulfilling as mine. I consider myself extremely lucky with all the amazing people that converged in my cohort. But if you don't get a community as excellent, at least the technical knowledge you'll gather will be really solid and good. You'll gain or improve the abilities of sharing, helping, communicating, dealing with frustration, solving problems. And they really help you with intros and contacts if you want them, it shouldn't be too difficult to get a job after the bootcamp. I even got one before finishing the bootcamp!Read Less",ironhack
It's been 9 intensive weeks but at the end it really paids off because you learn a lot by doing and that it's really important.,ironhack
"What was the most important skill you learned through Ironhack's course?Fast-learning skill and evolving through different languages and interfacesHow was your instructor?All of them were very patient and explained based on their experience in the 'real... Read More world'How would you describe the Ironhack staff?Simply the best, did everything they could to make us feel comfortable How was the classroom environment? I was part of one of the most enthusiastic cohorts with lot of friendship and unityOverall, how has this experience impacted your career?Open new horizons that I didn't know they even existedHow was your career placements experience? It is still very active and dynamic, with different opportunities ever weekRead Less",ironhack
"Ironhacks’ web development bootcamp offers a great insight for beginners to the world of programming. If I had been asked 9 weeks ago to explain the processes that go into creating a website, I would not know where to begin. Now, I can create a full stack... Read More web application.The curriculum is dense and it can be intimidating for a beginner. But by the end, you will have enough knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript to start your own projects and learn new tools using their respective documentation.The instructors are intelligent and passionate about the course material. Therefore, they are able to break down complicated topics in a way that is easy for beginners to understand. The teaching assistants make themselves available to help students past the hours of the bootcamp. The staff that work at Ironhack are friendly and are always working hard to make sure students get the best the most out of their time with Ironhack. We had many organized talks from experts on topics including: machine learning, legal start-up advice, and how venture capitalists make investment decisions. This was a benefit of the course that I didn't see beforehand but made the program that much more valuable. I fully recommend this course to anyone that like me, has an interest in understanding how web development works.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the Ironhack Part-time Web Development Bootcamp in Madrid. An intense 6-month zero-to-hero program for anyone wanting to open their mind to the exciting world of web development.My initial knowledge of the technology stack in the curriculum... Read More was basically null, but I was starting a position as Software Engineer at an up-and-coming startup in Madrid, and I needed to learn as much as I could as fast as I could. Ironhack proved to be just the right thing for me. For the sake of organizing the review, I'd like to split it in three parts: the Curriculum, the Experience, and the Staff.1. The CurriculumI do not want to get too deep into this because it has changed quite a bit since I did the course. My class was the last of the Ruby on Rails Generation. Nonetheless, the course was generic and conceptual enough that using other technologies, such as Node.js in my case at work, proved to be quite easy. They have since changed their curriculum to Node.js, which is a great idea in my opinion. You will come out having a broad enough knowledge of HTML, CSS and JavaScript to be able to tackle the coolest web-dev projects you find on Github and, as well as a great notion on working with databases. You will definitely have the skillset necessary to build your own projects from scratch as well. I think the best way to define the learning process at Ironhack is that you gain the ability to explore and master the tools you need to build a web application. The stack they may use is no limiting factor. In essence, you get the wings you need to fly on your own through the web-dev universe.2. The ExperienceIt's intense. Even the part-time plan is challenging and demanding. For 6 months you will have to be strongly committed to the course, because how much you learn will depende entirely on you. Ironhack will provide the tools you need to get as far as you want to go, but the effort has to be there. The pacing is neither too fast, nor too slow, although you do have to work at home a bit if you want to keep up. If you come from a totally different background, or are writing your first lines of code, you'll probably need to work harder than people who are more familiar with code. But fear not, you will have awesome support from your classmates and teachers. You will be spending two days from 18 to 21, and Saturdays from 9 to 17 at Ironhack, so be prepared. Balancing the course with a full time job and your personal life is definitely possible, but you will certainly need the willpower to do it. The structure has changed since I did the course, I believe now it is more project based (three projects in total), and at the end you get to share your creations with your mates and with people from all over the community that come to the Hackshow. 3. The communityThis is, in my opinion, the greatest value in Ironhack. You will make great friends with your teachers, you will make great friends with your classmates, and will live an amazing experience carefully crafted by the entirety of the Ironhack team. You will be connected to the community before, during and after the course. There will be lunches, dinners, parties, hackshows, hackathons, talks and so much more to make the Ironhack experience that much more enriching. Every member of the Ironhack family, not just the teachers, is there to make the most of the program for the students, and it really shows. Also the space they have in Madrid is beautiful, making it a pleasure to go there work and spend time.Overall a great experience that I thoroughly recommend to anyone that want to dig into the world of app-building - whether you are thinking of a cool project, want a career change, or work in product and want to understand what the devs at your work do. Ironhack is sure to satisfy your curiosity.Read Less",ironhack
"I found Ironhack about 6 months after finishing undergrad. At the time, I was preparing to go to law school, but once I realized it wasn’t the right fit I had to re-group and figure out my next steps. I was working a very boring job in retail for about... Read More 8 months before Ironhack, so obviously I was eager to get started. I did a ton of research before committing. Needless to say, for many prospective students it can be daunting to put a pause on your career to take a risk on a bootcamp that may or may not live up to your expectations. In my first two rounds of interviews, Alia and Marisa immediately quelled these anxieties. The amount of care that the Ironhack staff puts into each cohort is unrivaled. Something I really admire about them is that they’re always working to improve the next cohort based on what they learned from the last group. The course was split up into the steps of the design thinking process, with a new instructor each week. 1 design sprint, 1 group project and 2 solo projects. This stood out to me in comparison to other design programs because it gives you the opportunity to show off the work you can do on your own as well as what you can contribute to a team. At one point you’ll be working on two projects at once (group and individual), but it’s very manageable. (My advice would be to document everything along the way via Medium posts so that you’re not scrambling at the end to put together your portfolio.) Our TA Horacio was always available to help us through any road blocks we hit along the way. Your cohort will be your greatest support system and will challenge you to work harder and smarter.  For hiring week, Brito gave us a choice of 15 employers to interview with. It’s up to you to choose the companies you want to sit down with, but I would highly recommend interviewing with as many as possible. Not because you’ll get a job out of the hiring fair, but because the interview practice you’ll get is an invaluable experience. Don’t worry about wasting the time of employers that you’re not serious about because several of the companies that came in during our hiring fair immediately told us they weren’t hiring. Regardless, the experience made me a pro at interviewing and gave me the confidence I needed to succeed in my interviews that followed. Even if you don’t get hired immediately, Brito makes it his mission to get you a job. I really appreciated all his support and advice throughout the job search process. He’ll help you through the gritty details of negotiating offers, writing follow up emails, and anything else you need to know along the way. He’s an invaluable resource, listen to him! I accepted an offer 3 weeks after my program ended. I couldn’t have done it without the support and care of Alia, Marisa, Danny, Brito, Horacio, and the rest of the amazing staff, instructors, and TAs at Ironhack. That said, you will not get a job just by taking this course. Work hard and listen to the advice from Brito, your instructors, your mentors, and even your classmates. “If you’re empathetic by nature, and you have a head for problem solving, along with a thorough understanding of general design principles and processes, a healthy combination of functional and aesthetic sensibilities, a willingness to learn, and you enjoy the work, there’s absolutely no reason you can’t quit your shit job as soon as possible, so that you might do what you were really born to do.”Read Less",ironhack
"As a sophomore college student pursuing a Computer Science degree, I joined Ironhack with the purpose of fast-forwarding my start as a programmer, and that way I would get some real experience while finishing school. The course was really intense. Every... Read More class we would go over a different topic, but first half an hr of class was dedicated to go over the homework, and at the end of each module (the course was divided into 3 modules/units), we would have a review of the whole unit and a project in which we would implement what we learned. The Ironhack staff is the nicest! They are friendly, with a great energy, and encourage you to success! Building facilities were great! They're 24/7 open, so during project week my classmates and I would stay until very late coding and helping each other, and we as a group got really together, even though our cohort finished almost 2 months ago, we still stay in contact! The people you meet here are truly special, full of drive, and seeing all of them working full-time jobs, studying and barely sleeping staying coding after midnight is really inspiring. Our TA Nick was THE BEST! There's one day when he even slept over at Building just to help us with our projects! Brito, the Placement Manager was awesome! He helped us create our resumes and LinkedIn profiles, which is key when looking for jobs. In general, was an amazing experience, and would definitely do it all over again!Read Less",ironhack
"I decided to join Ironhack web development bootcamp for several reasons and I didn't regret my choice and was even more satisfied than what I expected.I had 2 objectives: I wanted to learn how to code so as to start my own business, I wanted to connect... Read More to the tech environment.Both objectives were reached and even more I hadn't expected!Here are the main advantages of this program to me:- We learnt the latest technologies and at the end of the bootcamp were able to develop our own webapp and received all the elements to be able to go on learning more languages and - The program is not only about getting the material read and going through the exercices one by one: the team is super involved in fine-tuning it to the rythm of the students and is flexible to make sure everyone keeps on board. There are several teacher assistants and we can easily ask for help.- There are many add-ons to the coding training that are super valuable: weekly meeting with people from the tech environment (entrepreneurs, developpers, recruiters...), activities during the bootcamp...- The team is great and is dedicated to make the experience unique and the atmosphere is very friendly and nice.The program is quite expensive but I think it worth the investment. It's not easy, but you never get great results from easy experiences.Read Less",ironhack
"Before starting the UX/UI Design course with Ironhack I had a comfortable job. You know one of those come to work, do your job, don't ask any hard questions, grab lunch, go to a meeting or two. I was comfortable, but wasn't fullfilled. I knew I had to... Read More make a move to puruse a life that I really wanted, possibly in the fastest amount of time possible.​I had experience within the UX/UI design field prior to my comfortable job, I took on a few freelance jobs as side income, but I wasn't anywhere near able to puruse a full UX/UI career. I needed to add to my portfolio, tighten up my design skills, and meet more people in the industry.I knew I needed further education, but the question was what program or school could offer the results I needed in the fastest amount of time possible? Before I make any big decisions I research the heck out of everything, comparing, contrasting, emailing past clients or students in this case, and asking everyone I could on what they thought of the program I would be spending a good chunk of money on. I researched design programs in Atlanta, Chicago, and Texas, speaking with their advisors and asking a multitude of questions. None though were as genuine, honest, and optmistic as Alia Poonawala from Ironhack. I placed my application on a Monday morning, she called me the following Tuesday morning, requesting I come into a meeting later that day. She answered all my questions, even allowing me to briefly meet Daniel Brito, the Ironhack Placements manager and one of the most genuine/well connected humans I have ever met.I accepted the offer from Ironhack two days after the meeting, quit my job, and began my UX/UI journey for the next 3 months.The friends I've made, students, mentors, and industry professionals, was something that I did not expect. THIS IS NOT ANTOTHER DESIGN MILL CHURNING OUT STUDENTS PEOPLE. This is a real community of designers, developers, and creative professionals coming together to help each other be the best they can be.The instructors who taught the course varied in design expertise, but all truly cared about your sucesss. They provided revelant design skills, insights, and mentorship, allowing me to learn about things that have helped me succeed as a professional today. Now I do reccommend that you consider the amount of time you want to put in here. What you put in as far as questions and extra practice is all up to you and will benefit you if you allow it to. They will give you the water but it is your decision to drink, so to speak. The course is broken up into different parts of the design process, for different weeks, and this allowed us to really deep dive into the specific designs skills that we needed.Professionally, the course also provided resume/portfolio advice, mock interviews, and branding guidance. They teach you skills as a designer but also prepare your brand to be competitive in this field. This is something that places Ironhack a notch ahead of other schools.Upon hiring week, yes they have a hiring week, I interviewed with 12 potential companies, gainining 3 job offers and accepting one offer for a well-paid consulting gig. Now, like I mentioned previously, you have to listen to what Daniel Brito, the hiring manager, says to a tee, he is an industry expert and will give you the best advice if you listen. You also have to put in the time during/after class to sharpen you skills and listen to the design instructors, they will not give you the job you have to honestly work for it.Overall the most important thing I learned from this course, besides the many design skills, was that you can accomplish anything if you truly put your mind to it. My class consisted of students from all types of backgrounds, biology, anthropology, I came from psychology and digital marketing. But we all gained enough valuable skills and contacts in the field to accomplish our goals, whatever that was to each individual. Join this program if you REALLY want to be a designer, this is the program to take your career to the next level.Read Less",ironhack
"I started the Web Dev bootcamp having had some academic experience in programming a few years before (introductory computer science university courses).My goal was to learn the professional basis of web development, in order to later be in a confident... Read More position to apply, work and gain experience in the field. Having finished this course about a month ago, I conclude that this mission has been achieved :)After finishing the course, I was offered to stay on board as a teacher assistant in the next cohort, in addition to the more experienced teachers already on the team. I accepted this opportunity with pleasure, having done tutoring in the past, and as I found Ironhack to be a productive and fun environment.A few good points about the course, from a mixed perspective of a former student and a current team member:As a student, I found the Ironhack team to be personal, accessible and dedicated to its students. The general manager and all the other staff were always a room away, and ready to greet anyone with kindness and a positive change attitude. Having researched the market a bit, and consulting friends who are experienced developers, the curriculum learned in the course seems to be extremely relevant to the current ecosystem. As a team member, I notice the effort we make to constantly adjust the course as needed. This is a regular mission, as technologies change, trends come and go and the market shifts. However, beyond the specific technologies learned, the most important skill I gained during this bootcamp was the conceptual understanding of the process and architecture of a full-stack project. For instance, a strong focus was understanding what APIs are, how they are designed, and how they serve as a kind of language to interact with data. Understanding and practically implementing such modern web dev concepts are indispensible in becoming a developer yourself.I now feel confident starting my career as a web developer, and so I can recommend this experience for whoever is in a similar situation.Read Less",ironhack
"Prior to attending Ironhack I worked as a teacher and coded whenever I was able to find the time. As I coded on my own, I would often find myself getting stuck, frustrated, and not knowing where to turn. After research and visiting several bootcamps in... Read More the Miami area, I decided to attend Ironhack for the full time web development course. One of the key factors in my decision was the desire to learn Javascript and the MEAN stack, since I knew they are popular and in-demand technologies of the web and Ironhack had recently re-vamped their curriculum to reflect that.The staff at Ironhack is like a family; they do everything they can to make students feel a part of that family, as well as a part of the Miami tech scene. Marisa, Danny, and Alia are always checking in to make sure you feel supported and are adjusting well throughout the course. Nizar, the lead instructor, is awesome! Not only is he a smart, experienced teacher and a Javascript wizard, he’s also extremely helpful and humble. He is very patient and takes the time to break everything down so you truly understand the concepts, whether it is as a class, or one-on-one. He supports his students, giving them the confidence and tools to succeed in anyway he can. He gets to class early, stays late, and gives 110% every day. The TA’s at Ironhack, Kevin and Ariel, are former graduates of the program. They are very knowledgeable and help support the students since they have been through the bootcamp experience themselves. Instead of just telling you how to solve whatever you may be having difficulty with, they help guide you to the solution so that you can really think like a programmer. If you are really stuck, both Kevin and Ariel do a great job of reinforcing key concepts.Daniel Brito, the placements manager is one of the most passionate people I’ve had the pleasure of meeting. If you are seeking a job after graduation, Daniel is one of the most powerful weapons in your arsenal! He is a networking guru in the Miami tech scene and has the top players come in to speak to the class. He constantly encourages you to have “no chill” and will work hard and fight for you so long as you put in the work.The most important things I gained from attending Ironhack are learning programming and knowing where to turn when I got stuck. Ironhack taught me the foundations of web development and skills that I can transfer as I learn new programming languages and grow as a developer. I was able to get a full time job as a developer a little over a week after graduation, and I can truly say Ironhack has helped me change my life!Now you might be reading this and asking yourself, ""so this sounds great, but what's the catch?"". There is no catch, but don't be fooled into thinking this course is easy. The amount of information you learn and the speed of the course is very intense. You have to put in a lot of time and effort into every aspect, both inside and outside of the classroom. There will be days where you're exhausted, you want to slam your head against a brick wall in frustration, and your code just won't work. But if you work hard, trust the process, and seek support, you will finish the course in disbelief with what you've accomplished in such a short time.Read Less",ironhack
"I took Ironhack's Full Time Web Development course in Paris over the summer 2017. It was the first batch for the Paris Ironhack campus. My motivation for taking this course was to build up the skills necessary to code the prototype of a project I had... Read More a mind. Having finished the course 3 weeks ago, I can definitely now say: mission accomplished!I'm today fully able to build a full-stack web app on my own and I knew close to nothing about web development on day 1. Disclaimer: I had had some coding experience some 10 years ago in unviveristy but nothing related to web development. Bottom line: I fully recommend taking this course in Paris.Here are a few highlights:The team (teaching and non-teaching) is amazing! They are very attentive, thoughtful and friendlyThe course material is very comprehensive, with a lot of opportunities for putting theory in practice. It is so well detailed that you could almost follow it on your own.The student-teacher ratio was quite low for a coding bootcamp (maybe 5-6 to 1 on average)The extra-curriculars were nice: talks, events, happy hours. The team has close access to the tech world in Paris and was able to bring in some interesting players.The location is amazing, in the heart of Paris. The WeWork office where it was held is a really high end location - the rooftop view!!Overall, a very positive experience and I would recommend it to any one who wants to learn web development!Read Less",ironhack
"I'm sure you're reading this because your a skeptic. It's hard to believe that a course can teach Full-Stack Web Development in 9 weeks, and get you ready for a job in the field. Before I get into my review, let me preface it with a little information... Read More about myself. Prior to Ironhack, I worked as a line-cook, with no college and almost no programming knowledge. A week and a half after Ironhack ended, I had two full-time job offers to become a Web Developer. Now, it's not a magic wand, that will automatically give you a job. You have to work for it, and you have to love what you do. It is an intense course.The intensity of the course, did teach me one of the most important things, when becoming a developer, and that is how to learn. The tech industry is constantly changing, and since the course is very fast pace, you learn to learn, and that's what future employers want to see in junior developers. The instructor of the course is Nizar, and he knows his shit. Not only does he know what he's doing, he's extremely passionate about it and truly cares about his students. On multiple occasions he would stay well past 9, to make sure he could help everyone and ensure everyone is on the same page. Nizar is not only a great teacher, but a great mentor.The T.A.'s, Ariel and Kevin, were also always eager to help, and would always be there for guidance. Building upon that, the entire staff at Ironhack is truly wonderful. They care about your well-being and almost immediately become your family.As mentioned earlier, the class is intense, it's definitely doable if you have the heart for it. My class size was about 20 students, but it was one of the larger cohorts. During the course, you truly become close with your fellow students as you're all going through the same experience. Brito, the job placement manager, is insane, and I mean that in the best way possible. In the last week, he will make sure you are absolutely prepared to get a job, whether it be making a resume, practicing interviews, and applying for jobs. He will do everything he can to make sure you get where you need to be, provided you put in the effort yourself. He's not there just to make sure you secure any job, just to boost some imaginary number. He will make sure that you get a job that is truly right for you. Only 3 months prior to my graduation of Ironhack, I was working in a kitchen, and now I am working full-time as a web developer. The course is difficult, but if you put the work into, it can change your life.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is definitely one of the greatest decisions I have ever made. I went into the part-time course with the fear I would waste my money on a course that would ultimately leave me feeling unprepared for taking a role as a Web Developer. Instead what... Read More I found is the most supportive network of individuals who truly understood the sacrifice I was making and gave their everything to make this a worthwhile experience.Not everything was perfect, especifically for Part Timers the variation in instructors was not conducive to the most stramlined way of learning, but they adressed these issues personally with us, assuring we still got everything we needed and did not feel left behind.I definitely recommend Ironhack for anyone trying to make a change in their lives. I had been in Retail for the past 6 years and it was becoming harder and harder to see a way out, but thanks to Ironhack I can finally do something I enjoy for a living and pursue a career in a field that I loveRead Less",ironhack
"I went to Ironhack because I had a background in Computer Science but had little to zero experience with Web Development. I like that they gave us a pre-work exercise couple months before the bootcamp started so that everybody starts more or less at the... Read More same level. The location, building and stuff are super nice! Everybody is very friendly and willing to help. Our instructor Nizar is very knowledgeable and is a true Javascript ninja that can answer pretty much any question you might have about coding. Nizar is also very dedicated and truly loves coding which makes him an excellent mentor. Kevin and Ariel as TAs were very helpful and would stay with students even after hours to help which is great! Daniel Brito was very positive and knowledgeable. He is a placements manager and will do his best to help you land a job in this field so be sure to listen to his advices and attend the social events (super important!). Alia Poonawala is super friendly and nice and I think Ironhack Miami is in good hands with her as a bootcamp director.The reason I'm giving 4 out of 5 stars because of the curriculum/pace. In my opinion we were spending too much time on easy things especially in the first 1.5 weeks which has led to falling a bit behind on a schedule and having to skip some topics/exercises later in a course. I do recommend future students to try and complete those after hours as you will gain more experience and have better understanding of how things work. Work hard and it will definitely pay off in the end.Read Less",ironhack
"What is taught at Ironhack is the MEAN stack, which is incredibly valuable to learn as is one of the most demanding technologies on the market. Also, team work, resilience to frustration and how to overcome it was definitely a strong take away from the... Read More course.I got a front-end job a week after I finish the Bootcamp, and I can say that is thanks to Ironhack, I think that says all about career impact. The learning content and interview preparation are both invaluable for succeeding on technical interviews.The instructors are all experienced developers with years in the industry, therefore they don’t only teach you the technologies but also give you good advice on how to succeed as a developer and what companies are looking for.Ironhack’s staff is awesome, they are always there for you. They listen to your concerns and try to resolve any issues you might be having. They even schedule 1to1’s with students regularly to make sure you are happy with everything.The classroom is like one big family, don’t be surprised if you finish the course with 20 new friends to hang out in Barcelona.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack really struck a great balance between theoretical foundations from which to continue learning and broadening your skill-set, and practical skills that can make you a productive member of a dev team straight out of the gates. Nizar was a great... Read More instructor. His passion for teaching programming and helping students understand complex issues in the most basic terms was very evident. Josh was a great compliment to Nizar as they were both consistent in what they would teach but often took different approaches and perspectives to problems. The staff in general was very friendly and accomodating. You could tell while being around them that they all truly beleived in the mission of Ironhack and they took their rolls seriously. The comradery that the students developed in the classroom was one of the most surprising parts of Ironhack for me. Week 0 you walk into a room full of strangers and by week 3 you feel like your amongst family. Unlike a traditional classroom in highschool or University, 100% of the students in the cohort take the course seriously and want to make the most out of their experience. That leads to a truly collaborative and learning focused environment the likes of which I had never experienced before. That classroom atmosphere really helped take the course to the next level. When you are learning from and teaching your peers, it really helps reinforce the concepts and skills you're acquiring. Daniel Brito, the placements manager, is really the guy you want to be best friends with. He is 100% invested in placing you in the best career opportunity possible and he takes his job seriously. He helped me tremendously in landing my first job and even now I continue to maintain a great relationship with him. He has a plug into the entire tech sector in Miami and is one of the most valuable resources at your disposal as an Ironhacker. Overall, I think Ironhack did more for my career than my four year university ever did and I would recommend it to anyone willing to put in the time and effort required to develop a new skill and enter the most quickly growing career field in the world today and for the foreseeable future.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the Ironhack Miami full time web development 9 week program for the summer of 2017. This program literally changed my life forever! I came with a background of computer science and studied outside of a traditional school, using free online... Read More tools such as codeacademy, treehouse, and tons of Youtube tutorials. I decided to move down to Florida and really challenge myself to become a real developer. The reason why I love Ironhack so much is that, they really start everyone at the same level, and break you down (mentally), so you can rebuild with the proper structure of becoming a web developer. Their approach is that the only real thing stopping you from learning to code, is truly yourself. The real battle is convincing yourself daily that you CAN DO THIS!!! dreams come true when you work HARD AS F!!!! lol. The teaching staff deserve so much praise!Nizar was our main teacher for the entire 9 week program, and he is like a coding genius, who truly takes his sweet time with you on every single step of the coding theory and lessons. He truly takes you from zero knowledge, to building mega website platforms. Nizar is always helpful and kind to every student. You don't feel rushed at all in his classroom. Thank you Nizar!!!To the Teaching Assistant - Ariel and Kevin,This guys are extremely helpful when it was time to do pair programming exercises and solo coding challenges. They're always walking around and lending you some advice and tips to solve your problems. Basically helping you think like a problem solver so you can learn for yourself. These guys are coding ninjas for sure!!Last but definitely not least! The Master of guiding you into the world of developers and technology - BritoBrito is the MAN you must listen to at every chance he opens his mouth! His insight on current or former technologies, interview strategies, design police (make sure your projects don't look like shit lol) and what you need to do, so you can get a awesome job at being a web developer is Golden!! This man will help you only if you follow his advice and work hard during and after the Ironhack program is over. Brito is also one of the most kindest and generous man I've met thus far. His support and guidance to help you land your first web developer role, is something to truly respect. Thanks Bro!Currenly Working as A Full-Time Web Developer in less than a week and a half from graduating from Ironhack. This course works! Trust the process and these awesome people at Ironahck.Read Less",ironhack
"I went through the application process at three UX boot camps simultaneously. Ironhack immediately stood out to me in terms of The attention I received as a prospective student. I also felt like they had a grasp on the fact that teaching UX was a whole... Read More different animal than teaching coding, whereas it seemed some other schools just added it to the curriculum with zero research or understanding.I interviewed with Marisa, Alia and, on my request, was also able to speak with Brito, the career placements manager. Each of them was very real and open with me, answering all my questions. Actually taking it a step further, because Alia made sure I had contact information for any former students I wanted to speak with.When I was accepted to the program, I received personal phone calls from both Alia and Marisa. I mention this because it was in stark contrast from what the other schools sent: a form email that referred to coding bootcamp and a GitHub invite. The care and concern was followed through from day one. Weekly surveys and one-on-one talks that the staff holds with each student allow any issues (from speed of the class to mental wellbeing) to be addressed. When you're working so many hours, it's sometimes just extremely comforting to be able to sound off!The main staff at Ironhack is pretty amazing. Marisa made it clear that she was always available and legitimately cheered us all on throughout our weeks of hard work. The UX class has a lot of moving parts, with new professors every week, professional mentors coming and events outside of the program, and she managed it all with genuine enthusiasm. Pretty sure she could run a small country. Alia was a calming presence in the building. Even though a lot of her job happens behind the scenes, she knows and actively cares about every student that walks in the door.I can honestly say that Brito has been one of the most supportive people in my life while I made this career move. He used his network to give a couple of my UX endeavors a lot of attention which is above and beyond any job description he has. He hustles hard for each and every student when in comes to career placement. I had 10 interviews the last day of Ironhack. That's insane. I ended up accepting another offer from a company I'd interviewed with the previous day (who had hired ironhack web dev students in the past through Brito's hiring fair) and I started work the following Monday. Even then, I heard that Brito had reached out to them to give me a solid recommendation.And of course, my classmates were the most amazing humans. We helped each other to be better every day of class and continue to help each other as we enter the professional world. We could have seen each other as competition, since we'd be going for the same jobs, but we became a community instead.Read Less",ironhack
"I joined Ironhack due to my strong desire for self-directed learning, particularly programming. I entered Ironhack with prior experience as a front-end developer at an agency and a few computer science classes at college. I thought the course started... Read More off slowly and I had concerns about where I would be by the end of it. By the end of the course, I was extremely satisfied.Nizar was a phenomenal instructor and took plenty of time to make sure we understood didfficult concepts. He's also a great, humorous guy we all got to know over the course of 9 weeks. Nizar is better than most college computer science professors I have had. The Ironhack staff is welcoming and passionate about what they do everyday. They realize the risk we are taking and support us wholeheartedly. Ironhack is also in a great location! Building.co, the coworking space Ironhack uses, has a provides a kitchen, snacks, and coffee to Ironhack students. The building is extremely well maintained, and the classroom lets in plenty of natural light, so you don't feel stuck in a building all day. There is also a grerat outdoor rooftop to eat lunch, play games, and relax.Brito is equally phenomenal as Nizar is as an instructor. He loves what he gets to do, and it shows. Although I was not searching for a job afterwards, Brito is willing to help connect you to the right people in the tech community. His network is ENDLESS. Listen to this guy - he knows his stuff.Ironhack has given me the confidence to continue to learn as a developer, and pursue my own ventures. The connections you gain here are truly valuable. I will be returning to Florida State University to continue my degree in computer science. I would not have been exposed to this great technology and community if it wasn't for Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"3 months at Ironhack is all it takes to change not only your career, but also your life. At first I was a little hesitant to start a bootcamp as I came from a Tourism/Hospitality background and had no Tech experience what so ever except from learning... Read More HTML and CSS (and a little bit of Wordpress) on my own. However, at some point I found myself stuck in my own learning process and decided to look into Ironhack. I was able to come by that same day for an introduction and that is where it all started. Now a couple months later, I am officially a Front End Web Developer at a modern and thriving company! For everyone thinking about doing this bootcamp, I have a few pieces of advise for you: First of all DO IT! It will be the best decision in your life! Also, put in the work. I am not going to lie that it is tough! It took me blood, sweat and tears (literally) to keep up! Learning to become a full stack web developer in (not even) 3 months, which most people not even learn in a year.... You do the math!I want to give a special shoutout to Nizar, our Lead Instructor for the course. This guy offered us twice to come in on a Sunday to bring us up to speed. (we were a little behind on our work, because of national holidays). This to me screams passion for your work. Also all the extra work that he put in like staying late to debug our errors and make sure our application is back up because it crashed the day before presentation day.... it is very much appreciated!Also the TA's Ariel and Kevin were great for extra support and guidance. They help you out wherever they can but more important, they also give you the space to find your own solutions for ""learning how to learn"" purposes.The classroom environment was the best I have ever experienced. It is beautiful to see how many different nationalities and backgrounds get along so well and help eachother out where possible. Also the yoga sessions on the rooftop and lunches at Burgers &amp; Beer really set the tone for a great time among the students (and teachers :) )Last but not least a big thank you to Brito, who is the placements Manager. He helped us getting ready for the job hunt. From giving pointers to set up your LinkedIn page and resume, to do's and don'ts for your job interview and to arranging some great guest speakers that would tell us about their experience and that would answer all questions we would have. This all lead to me getting hired as a Front End Web Developer even a week before graduating. Thank you again!Like I said in the beginning of this review. It has been a life changing experience and I will forever be thankful to those who helped make this possible!Read Less",ironhack
"I first considered joining Ironhack after attending one of the cohort's ""hackshows."" I found the students' final projects inspiring, and I realized that UX/UI design would be the perfect application for my creative problem solving skills. I applied, interviewed,... Read More and was accepted with a scholarship to the Spring 2017 cohort. I enjoyed my time in the course- learning lots, utilizing the amenities at Building, and meeting new people! In the end, I was able to create a very professional looking app within 2 weeks for my final project. I proudly presented it at our hackshow and realized that things had come full circle! :) The connections made and concepts learned were invaluable, as I was actually hired as a Product Designer by one of the Ironhack instructors after the course!Read Less",ironhack
"The most important thing I learned at Ironhack Other than MEAN stack and all things about JavaScript, is the fact that no matter how difficult a concept or computer language might seem at first, given enough time and practice, I will be able to figure... Read More it out. The fact that in class they encourage us to find solutions on our own, gave us the power to be self-sufficient. Project weeks are the best. Those are the moments when everything comes together, and you feel encourage to work hard and keep at it. Nizar, our instructor was Amazing and his classes were fun! His patience and love for teaching is self evident. Also his vast knowledge is admirable. Our T.A’s Kevin and Ariel they were both incredible. Although Kevin was a bit more approachable, Ariel dominates the subject incredibly well. Ironhack’s staff are all aces in my book. They are friendly, genuine, passionate and fresh. The classroom at Building.co was a key element for my success. The open areas, amenities and activities were fundamental to keep me focused and energized... and the coffee, specially the coffee! Brito, the Placement Manager, is without doubt the warrior that fight next to you. His advise, wisdom, and passion made me feel confident about my potential and value. Since the day I had my admission interview, I knew I could count on him. Everything he promised he delivered, and more. My time at Ironhack clearly impacted my life. I still can’t believe how in less than 3 months I was able to turn my life’s dream into a reality. Not only I understand the secret world of coding, I am also making a real career out of it. And this is only the beginning :) .Read Less",ironhack
"I went in to Iron Hack’s web dev bootcamp after a couple of years of self study and crash coursing my way through contract development work. While I will always be proud of the achievement’s I made on my own, going to Ironhack has completely changed my... Read More career, the way I learn, and my understanding of programming. In retrospect I now know I knew just the surface of most elements of the development life cycle, and core logic of coding. Ironhack took me deep into the logic and overall understanding of software and because of that I can now proudly say I wake up each day feeling and knowing I am a full stack developer. The staff at Ironhack went above and beyond to ensure everyone’s success. Nizar is one of the best instructors I have ever had, and I don’t say that lightly! His patience and dedication are inspiring. I hope he teaches forever because I don’t think there are many out there with the technical talent and ability to teach on this level. Our TA’s Ariel and Kevin bring energy and creative insight to the course that keeps you going even when you are sure you can’t finish, or understand a concept. The will work with you through the challenges and celebrate your achievements every step of the way.Daniel Brito is the career wizard at Ironhack. His dedication to your success is genuine and he stays with you even after the course making sure you stay on the path to success. He taught us so much about building our brand and awareness into the world of software careers. This comes from years of experience and insightful knowledge that is priceless. I will end this by saying a few things. One I would go back and do it again in a heartbeat. Even the hard times, the late nights, every moment of it brought me where I am today. Two I am happy to say that after Ironhack not only do I have a job as a full stack developer right out of school but also am working with a software company to bring my hackshow project to market, which would have never been possible without the knowledge and drive I gained at Ironhack. My third and final thought, if you love software and need a place to start, you really don’t need to look any further.Read Less",ironhack
"You can learn how to code on your own, with enough motivation, a computer, and internet connection; I really believe you can. So, why did I decide to join this bootcamp? Because making the transition from being someone who codes for fun to someone who... Read More gets paid to code is tough without the connections, it's tough without asking peers what has been like for them. Ironhack provided me with a supportive community full of people who inspired me and this is why I will forever love this place.Nizar, our main instructor, is undeniably great at what he does. He truly wants you to get it, he is patient and dedicated. This is a genius developer who could be working anywhere he would like and instead chose to help a group of people achieve their goal of being real world developers.I'm also incredibly thankful to Alia, who's now the Director of this campus. She was the one who introduced me to Ironhack and I didn't even consider any other bootcamp the moment I talked to her. This place is full of passionate people who truly want to help you. Another one of them is Daniel Brito, our Placements Manager, this guy couldn't fit his personality is a room if he wanted to. He will go to any extent to help you understand what you need to do to get a job as a developer. We had several great guest speakers, all scheduled by him. Brito will remind you throughout the course that getting that job, which is the ultimately goal for a lot of us, is not only about being good at coding but about putting in the effort for all these other steps-- and he will help you set that up. My classmates were another valuable part of the experience. We all got along and supported each other throughout the course. It was refreshing and inspiring to be around this great group of people from so many different backgrounds and ages, I learned a great deal from them. I was really proactive on that LinkedIn and was able to land a job before finishing the bootcamp. But, the credit is not all mine as Brito gave me all the pointers I needed to let my employer know how passionate I was about this, and how interested I was in helping their project as well as keep growing as a developer.Life changing experience. I would do it again in a heartbeat.Read Less",ironhack
I was very happy with the overall experience. The course is very demanding and you need to fully commit to it if you are thinking about doing a bootcamp. The staff at Ironhack were top notch and very helpful. The teaching staff were super helpful and... Read More made the experience especially the TAs. I would recommend the course but be ready to work hard and learn a lot.Read Less,ironhack
"I thought too many times to study computer science, but to be honest I couldn’t dedicate at my age 4 years of my life to achieve a computer science degree. This is why I decided to study a Bootcamp.I had some previous front end knowledge but not back... Read More end. I studied graphic design (nothing related to IT) and after the 3 first weeks I became able to build simple web apps with Ruby on Rails! Seems impossible but it’s completely affordable.We spent 8 hours per day in a standard class with amazing teachers that drive you from the more basic things to more expertise via good coding examples and exercices.Then, after 8 hours with guided lessons you were able to continue working on extra exercices that cover through real project examples what has been done during the standard lesson.Mi point of view is that if you would like to achieve a good level there is needed to at least dedicate between 2-5 extra hours per day to consolidate all material. Don't worry about don't see your common friends, in Ironhack you will have a family!I would like to said also that before finish the bootcamp I got a job in a top international IT company located in Barcelona (I had a lot of interviews, because Ironhack also pushes you to get a job thouroug all the events and contacts that they have, and I succeed in some of them. I got 3 job offers). I jump from a creative job to a developer one in just 4 months, everything is possible if you are brave enough!If you have any question you can ask me via linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/amartib/Read Less",ironhack
"Realicé el Grado en Economía en la Universidad Autónoma de Bellaterra (UAB) mientras trabajaba como administrativo en una empresa de logística, después de tres años trabajando allí, me despidieron y tras casi un año en paro me decidí por entrar en Ironhack,... Read More aconsejado por un amigo que trabaja en el mundo de la programación.Ha sido una de las mejores experiencias de formación que he tenido. Pasas por momentos de estrés, momentos en que piensas que no te quedas con nada, pero ver como a medida que va avanzando el curso y realmente te das cuenta de que te van saliendo las cosas y vas acordándote de todo lo que has ido haciendo es muy gratificante, en parte gracias tanto a los compañeros como a los profesores, que siempre están para ayudarte.Yo diría que lo más importante que he aprendido es aprender a aprender, este curso te enseña a programar y a saber cómo hacer aquello que todavía no sabes hacer. Lo mejor sin duda es ver el resultado final en el proyecto, ver que has logrado hacer algo que cuando empezaste el curso jamás habrías imaginado que podrías llegar a hacer, y por otro lado todo lo que hemos vivido todo el grupo de estudiantes del curso junto con los profesores y los trabajadores de Ironhack, sin duda una gran familia donde siempre ha habido muy buen rollo y con los que hemos sabido amenizar las dificultades del curso con comidas, Ironbeers, etc que han ayudado a desconectar lo justo del curso y poder seguir con más fuerza si cabe.Ahora mismo estoy buscando un nuevo trabajo, pero porqué hasta hace nada he estado trabajando en un proyecto que he terminado. Con este curso salimos preparados para encontrar cualquier trabajo en el sector, hasta los que no habíamos estudiado nada relacionado con el mundo de la programación antes, como es mi caso.Read Less",ironhack
"Firstly, I'd like to acknowledge the amazing team there, because they are an integral part of what makes this bootcamp so amazing:Nizar (instructor) - Nizar's expertise is invaluable. He also clearly has a passion for teaching and empowering others to... Read More learn. Its clear he really cares about his students and whether or not they are keeping up. He had stayed late many times because someone needed his help. By the end of the course my class bought him a golden pizza trophy because we were so grateful to have him. Daniel Brito (placements manager) - If you do your part, you can trust that Brito will do his to get you a job. He is very much involved throughout the entire course, whether its setting up amazing speakers to coming in, helping you write your resume, or teaching you everything there is to know about being a good job candidate. He used to be a SR IT recruiter and has even gone through a web dev bootcamp himself so he has a wealth of knowledge and most importantly- contacts for networking.Ariel Quinones (co-founder) - Really great guy, down to earth and is SO passionate about what he does. You'll see him around often and chat with him and he may even casually join you for lunch.Other shoutouts:Alia (general manager) is a joy to work with, she makes you feel like you can go to her for anything. You can tell she works her butt off to keep everything running smoothly and still always manages to have a smile on her face.Ariel (assistant instructor) is super bright and really great at explaining difficult concepts and breaking them down.My entire cohort- Awesome group to work with. Everyone was super friendly, non-judgmental, and always willing to work together and help each other out. I am so thankful that the people at Ironhack purposefully select people that they think can ""play well with others"". I made really great friends during my time there. Some other points I'd like to make:- the Ironhack team does a really good job at asking you throughout the course what you think can be improved. They are also very in-tune with how you're feeling about your performance whether or not you need extra help or accomodations.- The building where the course takes place is SUPER cool. There's a nice grassy rooftop to relax outside when you've been staring at a computer for hours. There's also a free keg and delicious snacks in the kitchen. Its also walking distance from the metro. Great spot.- **You do NOT have to be an expert in JS to take this course, but you MUST have a firm grasp on it. The course moves very very quickly and you can't be spending time re-hashing JS. The entire course basically builds upon JS so make sure you can code it comfortably.**- You're going to have to work on the weekends, otherwise you'll forget.- Try being a week ahead on assignments and doing them on your own. That way when it comes time to go over it in class you've already digested it at least once and you're prepared to ask meaningful questions.- The journey doesn't end after Ironhack, you'll have to work even harder to retain everything you've learned, apply it, and build on top of that knowledge. This bootcamp isn't a shortcut to a career, its a stepping stone.Bottom line? Great people, great course. If you're committed to this craft and you have a passion for it, go for it.Best of luck!Read Less",ironhack
"I fell in love with coding when I studied at Ironhack at the end of 2015. It was an unexpected but wonderful process. The whole experience was an incredibly challenging but fulfilling adventure and at the end I was exhausted but grateful. I always say... Read More that it was like opening the door to a wonderful unknown world full of technological mysteries and magic. Yes, I wanted to be a magician, there was still a lot to learn but the door had been opened.After the bootcamp, I was lucky enough to be offered a variety of very interesting jobs, partially because of my previous experience as a designer but mainly because I COULD NOW CODE. Many people still have no idea how different the world can be when you can code. So off I went, worked in three different startups managing projects, changing processes and contributing in the creation of amazingly innovative digital products.Today, after a long period of self evaluation, I have been offered a job at one of the most wonderful software consultancy firms I have ever heard of. I will be a developer at ThoughtWorks.Ironhack changed my life and I guess I am still in love.Read Less",ironhack
"As with anything in life, you'll get back what you put in. IronHack proved to be just that. A bootcamp that provided a well-rounded curriulum that offers a peak into what the UX/UI world pertains without sugar coating the effort that it takes to become... Read More a part of it. Instructors come with solid resumes and years of true hands-on experience that helped guide students' personal missons and soldify their purpose for taking the journey in the first place. The staff cares deeply about the program and the success of their students. I for one took the course not to change my career, but to enhance my current skills. In the end, I definietly got what I needed out of it. If you're thinking about taking the course whether to switch careers or out of curiosity, I'd say do it. You won't regret.Read Less",ironhack
"Even though I have a business background, I have always been interested and attracted to learn how to code. During my MSc in Innovation and Entrepreneurship, I realized how important is to have at least some basic knowledge on programming. For that reason,... Read More I decided to join Ironhack last summer for the two months’ intensive bootcamp. I am very happy with the decision I made. In two months, I was able to learn in a structured way all the basic concepts and gain a solid base that allows me right now to keep learning, on my own, based on my needs. In my opinion, all the theoretical knowledge is important, but the only way to improve is to practice, to make mistakes and to learn from those mistakes. The bootcamp format combines the theory (morning) with the practice (afternoon) very well. During the practice period, you have teacher assistants that can help you solve all the problems you may encounter. The coding community is growing at a fast past, there are a lot of events going on. Ironhack allows you to become a member of the community and gives you access to all the workshops and events for you to keep learning other practices and to meet interesting people working on the field that can help you with your personal projects.As for me, after the bootcamp, I decided to start programing my own software for the startup I am working for.Read Less",ironhack
"I had just presented my final career project and finished the Graphic Design Degree. I wasaware of the fact that with this professional profile I’d find so many amateurs and intrusiveness. Ihad to specialize if I wanted to position, differentiate and... Read More define myself. And I wanted digital andtechnology fields to be my professional playing field from then on.I got my eyes on Ironhack for a year. Perhaps the first thing that attracted me from it was thenaming. “That must be a place where pro people come from”, I thought, and I wanted to becomeone of them. As an intensive bootcamp, time saving was another important reason to take intoaccount, and so it was the fact that it didn’t follow the traditional educational model, tied tostupid numerical qualifications. I was looking for applied theory. Utility. The “learn by doing”.Finally, I took a step forward and moved to Madrid.I would highlight people as the best part of the experience, both the Ironhack team, teachers (industry professionals) and class mates. The opportunity of being able to meet minds that areworried about the same things as you, with ambitions and goals, and so much desire andsupport. People who make you discover a world, and share and fuel your curiosity. Many “I can’twith my life” followed by “God, this is what I love”, and continue progressing.Today, I am part of the first UX / UI Ironhack MAD bootcamp promotion, and a new professionalcompetence with graphic design skills expanded with product design, interface and userexperience, among other things (such as 3D, audiovisual, music, photography and some front-end). Notions that are extended every day by the self-taught work as well as the daily work as Design Director at Finect, a smart-data company in the Fintech sector whose goal is to bringfinances closer to the people.Undoubtedly, Ironhack has been an open door. Now the key is to seek how to take advantageof all the opportunities that appear. And the more you move, the more they appear. So don’tstop moving and following the path of your concerns.For any query, you can find me in Medium, Dribble and Twitter.Kind regards, and continue improving.Laura AmberRead Less",ironhack
"I did the bootcamp two years ago without previus code experience. it's quite intense but at the end you gonna feel yourself like a better version of who you were. The most important skill that i have learned there was the constancy, more specificy, the... Read More constancy in keep searching until you find out the solution of a problem. The instructor and the staff are leading/helping you over all the bootcamp.  My classmates where amazing, even if we have different levels since the first day, we helped each other and all improves our knowledge.It's awesome how another person think about the solution of a problem, so different ways.I left my carreer path behind, and started a new one as a frontend developer. I'm still in the middle of the path but now i know what i want to do.I have been Front-End developer Jr., now i'm a freelancer and a TA in IronhackRead Less",ironhack
"Even though I have a business background, I have always been interested and attracted to learn how to code. During my MSc in Innovation and Entrepreneurship, I realized how important is to have at least some basic knowledge on programming. For that reason,... Read More I decided to join Ironhack last summer for the two months’ intensive bootcamp. I am very happy with the decision I made. In two months, I was able to learn in a structured way all the basic concepts and gain a solid base that allows me right now to keep learning, on my own, based on my needs. In my opinion, all the theoretical knowledge is important, but the only way to improve is to practice, to make mistakes and to learn from those mistakes. The bootcamp format combines the theory (morning) with the practice (afternoon) very well. During the practice period, you have teacher assistants that can help you solve all the problems you may encounter. The coding community is growing at a fast past, there are a lot of events going on. Ironhack allows you to become a member of the community and gives you access to all the workshops and events for you to keep learning other practices and to meet interesting people working on the field that can help you with your personal projects.As for me, after the boot camp, I decided to start programing my own software for the start up I am working for.Read Less",ironhack
"If you go into Ironhack with the mindset that this course is one of many steps you must take before you become an amazing developer, you will succeed. Put in the hours during coding camp. Put in the effort during your job search. And most importantly... Read More put in the hours to continue your programming development after the course. If you think ANY codecamp can suddenly make you worthy of applying to Facebook etc as a developer at 200k, you probably need a reality check. Perhaps you could sell yourself yourself as a project manager who can do business and code after bootcamp, but to become a developer at that level, you will have to devote at least a year of self learning in which you work on some pretty kick ass projects to get you remotely close to that level. Have realistic expectations and dedication and you will be more than fine. I would recommend Ironhack to anyone who has a limited programing background and wants a truly immersive, yet fun experience. I made several meaningful friendships during my time at Ironhack. As for the instructors, Josh and Nizar were more than willing to spend extra time to develop those who wanted more than a surface understanding of the material. The job that I took after Ironhack happened to be a direct placement of Danny Brito. My first 3 months as a software engineer were intense as coding school gave me the foundation but it was my turn to quickly build on that foundation to perform on the level I desired. While I got a job that did not use the primary language we were taught, it is because of the structure and logic challenges I faced when writing code in Ruby that I could make my footprint at my company and climb up the ladder.Read Less",ironhack
"Once upon a time...There was a man who felt the call of ""The force"". There were so much brute power inside him... and he knew so. He wanted to control that force to do something useful in the war between the Mordor army and the Funky Army. He started... Read More his travel to be teached by the greatest masters... and someone heard his call: The Ironhack Order.He traveled to the capital in Neverland to know that wonderful people that everyone was talking in the Funky Army, and he did the test to become The Master Of The Universe and help the world to be brighter.First day came and Marc Snow(Lead teacher), leader of the Enterprise squad, told him: ""I will give you Javascript, bro! Now you could control your inner force"". With the help of Raul Spok (Assistant teacher) and Papu Sulu (Assistant teacher), the warriors were well trained....And the days past. Today i can say that I'm a Javascript Shaolin, and we have the best preparation to defeat the Orcs of ugly code.Live long and prosper!Read Less",ironhack
"Me llamo Fernando y tengo 41 años, estudié Historia, Diseño y producción Editorial, los últimos 6 años los dediqué a escribir tres libros y publicarlos. He realizado alguna página web con Html y css y quise dar un paso mas, usar nuevas tecnologías, contacté... Read More con Ironhack y me animé, con cierto miedo, la verdad, ya que pensé que sería un imposible realizar este bootcamp en solo dos meses y sin tener experiencia en programación, pero te preparan con un prework para que tengas las nociones básicas para comprender todos los lenguajes y metodología que dan en el curso. Para mi ha sido un reto, ya que muchos compañeros tenían experiencia en este sector, por lo que el esfuerzo ha sido máximo, en algunas ocasiones ha sido desesperante pero cuando unes todas las piezas del puzzle sientes una gran satisfacción. Aprendes muchos lenguajes en un corto espacio de tiempo, los profesores son muy exigentes y eres tu el que, con las nociones aprendidas, debes resolver dudas y realizar 3 proyectos. Es difícil para los que nos iniciamos en esto, no imposible, para mi ha sido un reto muy positivo y recomendable. Aprendes también a desenvolverte en público al presentar tus proyectos, a trabajar en equipo y sobre todo a valorar tu trabajo, que valores lo que has hecho y defenderte a la hora de realizar las entrevistas de trabajo, cuyas empresas vienen a la sede de Ironhack cuando terminas el bootcamp.En Ironhack se vive un ambiente muy cercano, solemos realizar actividades en equipo y existe tiempo después de estudiar mas de 10 horas para reunirnos y tomarnos unas cervezas, las famosas ironbeers, esos momentos de desconexión no tienen precio. Me llevo una gran experiencia y muy buenos amigos.Read Less",ironhack
"Before starting Ironhack bootcamp, I was working in a consulting company.The experience was great. When I decided to take the course I was a bit afraid, because I was leaving a permanent job in order to study the bootcamp, and I really didn't know if... Read More it was going to be okay or if I even would like web development. However, after living the experience, I think that it was the best decission I could have taken.Besides the contents of the course, the most valuable lesson has been to see that, if in just 9 weeks I have been able to learn so much and develop several projects, I am able to do and learn anything that I propose.What I liked the most about the bootcamp was the camaraderie and the good atmosphere that we have always had. During these weeks, we have spent many hours together, and despite stress there have always been good faces and a desire to help others in any way possible.Read Less",ironhack
"​Com um background em Economia e Marketing, decidi experimentar um novo ramo: a programação! Porque? Porque era mais um desafio como todos os os outros mas a minha experiencia no Ironhack foi incrível. A forma como nos ensinam não tem nada aver com outro... Read More tipo de ensino. O foco principal é fazer com que te desenrrasques e que aprendas a fazer tudo de forma prática. Para não falar do ambiente: estive em contacto com todo o tipo de pessoas, desde ex-programadores de Cuba como estudantes Venezuelanos. Toda uma comunidade cosmopolita junta 24/7, que querem todos aprender a programar com a maior das motivações.Aprendi principalmente a aprender e para além disso trabalhar em grupo e sob pressão.O que mais me fascinou foi o facto de não existir qualquer tipo de hierarquia entre os professores e os alunos que facilitou a aprendizagem. Programar não é para todos mas sim para aqueles que querem!Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I was a Marketing Strategic Planner, I worked for advertising agencies making and planning campaigns. My experience in IH has been a total life changer, in 3 months I changed my professional career. In Ironhack I learned how to code properly,... Read More and the skills I needed to learn anything related to code quickly and improve day by day my programming level. After Ironhack I signed for Lavinia, a wine shop/distributor, where I had to mantain and improve their Ecommerce based on ruby on rails. After two months I received a call who finally turned into an offer from a Startup I couldn´t say no. From my experience IH has changed my career expectations , I now have an interesting profile for recruiters and startups and I get several Job proposals every month from everywhere in the world. IH has pushed me into a growing market where professionals are highly wanted and difficult to find.Read Less",ironhack
"IronHack was hands down the best decision I ever made for myself and my family. It is the best school to receive foundational training in software engineering, and I have been to more than 1 bootcamp. It took me from making 24k a year to 80k a year in... Read More a half after graduating the 3 month course. Nizar and Josh are 2 people I will be forever grateful to for the rest of my life for their passion and commitment to helping me succeed. Ariel is a very understanding and humble CEO and is a great listener who genuinely cares. I really feel nothing but love and positivity towards IronHack and the entire community. Once again, thank you so much for the new life you have given me.Read Less",ironhack
"My name is Alvaro, I'm 26 and I'm from Spain. I studied BSc in Business Management and MSc in International Trade, and before Ironhack I had worked as a tech &amp; trade consultant for the Spanish Embassy. I also helped launch a beverage business in the US.... Read More Technology has always been my passion, and I decided if I wanted to work in the startup world, I had to become literate in the language that composes the products we create.My experience with Ironhack couldn't have been better. The course was well structured and the pace was just right. We learnt the basic concepts and then focused on practical training for real world applications. The immersive nature of the program makes it easy to learn in three months, and the friendly environment definitely helps.I am currently studying Digital Marketing at UCLA. I have since learnt Node.js and React on my own and I'm working on launching an application soon! Thanks Ironhack for making it possible!Read Less",ironhack
"Antes de ir a IH trabajaba en el Departamento de Tesorería y Recaudación en el Ayuntamiento de Noia (A Coruña) hace más de 20 años, rodeado de miles de papeles.Mi experiencia en IH ha sido la siguiente: al principio lo pasé un poco mal debido al cambio... Read More climático existente en Galicia y Madrid, y al justo conocimiento del ingles por mi parte (todo esto nada que ver con IH, por supuesto), con lo cual me costó bastante adaptarme pero de la mitad del bootcamp en adelante todo cambió y me dí cuenta que estaba aprendiendo muchísimo en tan poco tiempo y en algo que me gusta.La verdad es que he aprendido a programar en poco tiempo y a entender un mundo que parecía inalcanzable para mí. Lo mejor ha sido el trabajo en grupo, la simbiosis entre todos, y la verdad es que os echo de menos y ya me tarda pasar por Matadero a haceros una visita.Como había pedido una excedencia de 3 meses para poder hacer el bootcamp, al regresar me reincorporé al trabajo en el Ayuntamiento por las mañanas y, por las tardes trabajo y estudio a tope en los 3 proyectos que tengo para la Fundación que me concedió la beca para ir a IH. Y finalmente, de qué me ha servido IH?, pues me ha cambiado bastante la vida a todos los niveles. Para mi, ha sido una experiencia inolvidable que sin duda volvería a repetir.Read Less",ironhack
"Era lo que necesitaba para darle un giro a mi carrera como diseñadora gráfica. ​Aprendí a presentar en público mis proyecto, a ganar confianza en mi misma y en lo que hago. Aprendí a organizar el proceso de trabajo para llegar a un buen resultado. Refresqué... Read More conocimientos y adquirí mucha información sobre lo que se maneja actualmente en la profesión, que era justo lo que estaba buscando. Aprendí mucho de mis compañeros, me tocó un grupo de personas excelentes con las que sigo en contacto y fueron muy importantes los dos meses. ​La hiring week superó ampliamente mis expectativas, me han contactado por segunda vez casi todas las empresas. Era insegura para las entrevistas y esa semana noté un cambio en mi bastante grande, que estoy segura que tiene que ver con todo el proceso de aprendizaje de los últimos meses.Fue muy interesante toda la experiencia y conseguí trabajo antes de terminar la semana.Read Less",ironhack
"Estuve trabajando durante varios años en entornos de desarrollo web en diferentes empresas grandes y pequeñas y a su vez formándome en nuevos lenguajes de código. Con el tiempo me di cuenta que necesitaba una formación a full-time para dar el siguiente... Read More paso y descubrí esta escuela que me ofrecía una formación diferente al respecto. Buscaba una formación orientada al JS y a frameworks basados en este lenguaje. En esta escuela te ofrecen una formación completa y continuada llena de retos, prácticamente todos los días estas tocando nuevo código y cada día es una prueba, aprendes lenguajes de desarrollo en tiempo record y todo a base de tu propio esfuerzo. Además de que siempre tendrás tutores a tu alrededor que te ayudarán a superar los ejercicios de cada día. Muy recomendable si quieres trabajar en este mundillo.Read Less",ironhack
"Antes de comenzar IronHack, como ingeniero industrial, llevaba la dirección técnica del área eléctrica de la empresa donde trabajaba. Aunque tenía una carrera profesional encauzada, no me encontraba a gusto con hacía y decidí cambiar por completo de dirección... Read More hacia el mundo de la programación y las empresas tecnológicas.Dentro de Ironhack te encuentras muy cómodo en cuanto al trato, ya que todo el mundo intenta conseguir que encuentres a gusto y ayudarte a conseguir aprovechar al máximo la experiencia: desde los teacher assistants, hasta cualquiera que pase por allí y que te pueda ayudar.También hay que destacar que en Ironhack coincides con gente que, por distintos motivos, busca lo mismo que tú y en la que te vas a poder apoyar para poder llegar aún más lejos.Aunque el tiempo es limitado y hay muchas cosas a las que tienes que dedicar tu tiempo, consiguen que tengas una visión global y de cada una de las partes de una aplicación web, que puede ser desde algo pequeño como un site de venta online hasta Twitter.Una parte de la formación y del apoyo que te brindan se dirige directamente a la búsqueda de empleo, aportándote tácticas, caminos y consejos para que tardes lo menos posible en encontrar trabajo una vez que termines.En resumen, es una gran experiencia.Read Less",ironhack
"Antes de venir a Ironhack estaba en Venezuela, mi país de origen donde me encontraba trabajando como manager en una empresa que se encarga de distribuir productos a franquicias de comida rápida, aparte estaba en el final de mi carrera de Administración... Read More de Empresas. Me ha gustado un montón la experiencia, el tiempo se ha pasado super rápido ya que el ambiente es muy cómodo en Ironhack. La metodología del curso es muy interactiva en la que de la mejor manera puedes conocer y aplicar en proyectos propios algunas de las tecnologías que mas se están usando en la actualidad. En lo personal mi curva de aprendizaje ha sido muy grande ya que vengo de otro background. De momento ya cuento con los conocimientos para crear una aplicación web desde el scratch desarrollando desde la parte del servidor hasta lo que seria el cliente. Lo mas interesante dentro de la experiencia me ha parecido que aprendes a perder el miedo por conocer nuevas tecnologías. Me siento ya preparado para a través de documentación y practica poder realizar proyectos en cualquier nueva tecnología que salga al mercado.Read Less",ironhack
"Antes de entrar estaba desempleado, lo último fue montar un negocio con unos amigos que no tuvo la tirada esperada. Había tenido muchas experiencias laborales sobre todo de IT en sistemas, y alguna muy casual de desarrollo.Mi experiencia fué fantástica,... Read More superando toda mis expectativas, incluyendo el agotamiento!. Te lo podrán contar, pero hay que vivirlo. Increíble la implicación del equipo de Ironhack y como la transmiten a los alumnos. Un día a día de retos, trabajo, pero también de diversión. Donde te llevan al límite pero están atentos de que no caigas. Lo “sufriría” otra vez.A parte de aprender las diferentes tecnologías, que es obvio. Aprendí sobre mis límites y capacidades, a trabajar en equipo, a presentar mis proyectos, etc. cosas que quedan más allá de la parte técnica pero igualmente importantes y que en otros sitios se dejan de lado.Lo que más me gustó fué el ambiente, sobre todo el compañerismo, y lo podría resumir en el hecho que estando a pocos días de la presentación del proyecto final, con el agua al cuello y estrujando cada minuto para finalizarlo, cualquiera de los compañeros sacaban un momento para pararse y explicarle a otro alguna duda.Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I was a civil engineer searching for a job in Spain but all the job offers I use to receive were for working in Middle East or South America, that's why I decided to turn my career around and become a developer.The experience couldn't... Read More be better. I had an amazing time doing the bootcamp, not only because lectures were very dynamic and exercises fun to be solved. I do also found real friends, either classmates or teachers.I learned to code and became a real Web Developer in a record time, but the best I learnt, was that you can achieve all you set out for yourself. It doesn't matter if it's a programming language, a new framework or a new career, you can do it.Right now I'm a Ruby on Rails Developer at NEORIS AND I'm in charge of the backend for Santillana App. Definitely Ironhack served me to accomplish this challenge. I think is an amazing academy and I recommend it to anyone who wants to improve his skills.Read Less",ironhack
"I am a self-taught person. Before starting Ironhack i was learning to code by myself online. I decided to join their bootcamp, and learned in 2 and a half months, what i would have learned by myself in more than a year. Their intensive training puts you... Read More under a lot of pressure, but your class mates and their staff will be by your side. You`ll become a Full Stack Developer with a solid programming foundation, ready to face new challenges and learn future technologies.Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I was studying a Double Degree in Computer Science and Business in Rey Juan Carlos University, but I’ve learnt front-end programming skills by my own in the past and I found that I was lacking a big part of UX/UI capabilities.My experience... Read More in Ironhack was PERFECT, with my bootcamp colleagues, with my Teacher Assistant and all the Ironhack staff. I’ve learnt so much, not only about UX/UI Design but about nearly everything, design-thinking, user-research, visual design, information architecture and a lot more, from not only the materials, but also from our teachers, who taught us the skills they have learnt working in the industry.As I finished my bootcamp, Ironhack contract me as Product Designer. The experience was a solid 10/10.Read Less",ironhack
"I was studying computer engineering at the Rey Juan Carlos university when I decided to do Ironhack. My experience has been really good in every aspect. The social one thanks to the really good community (with my classmates and teachers), and the professional... Read More level, I've learnt a lot.I've learnt about MEAN Stack (in Javascript) something really important and totally different from any language I had learnt during my time at university. Today is one of the most important languages as is one of the most demanded for companies.I would say the best thing of ironhack are the good moments with my friends, for me, it was like another family. In these days we are in the hiring week and i have the opportunity to be the next TA. I'm exciting to live this new experience!!Read Less",ironhack
"Formerly of Ironhack, studied graphic design and worked for 5 years in a digital marketing company, working with Wordpress, SEO campaigns, SEM, Facebook Ads, Google Ads, ... and curiosity to know more about the performance behind the pages took me to... Read More Ironhack.The experience has been incredible from the first day, learning new technologies, all the help and knowledge of the TA, along with the practices and projects carried out, and fellowship during the 9 weeks.I have learned from a simple layout with html and css, to create a project for any company with everything you need, from being able to take data from different apis, work with geolocation and maps, create different services and components for webs, forms integrating the Data in the BBDD ...What I liked the most was the family that we created both students, teachers and components of ironhack, as the ability to complete projects on my own, the daily work of theory and practice, and to be able to present and expose our projects has All the people in our presentations.Read Less",ironhack
"Undoubtedly a great experience overall, Ironhack was an extremely arduous course. After finishing my BA in Fine Arts, I discovered by myself the ubiquitous world of programming and instantly fell in love. It was after founding my first business (a makerspace... Read More devoted to digital fabrication) that I decided to change the course of my career and deepen into the world of code.Ironhack suited me perfectly! Even though it is really exhausting, the effort comes with its own rewards: it is a profoundly satisfactory feeling to learn new things every day. From a technical point of view, MEAN stack is what we learnt, but the main strength of the bootcamp comes, in my opinion, on the way they taught me on how to develop a project from beginning to end, and how to properly plan the implementation of the various features.Definitely give it a go, it's worth the experience.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is the best experience to learn how to develop web applications. They teach you the most important knowledge from the most basic to the most complex, to be a good full satck developer. Above all, Ironhack insists a lot on teamwork and on a methodology... Read More of work and management of projects which is highly valued in the future. The work environment is fun and friendly, with constant interaction.In addition, throughout the course, the instructors are very aware of you and the TA are there always, for any need.The atmosphere of work and relations between workers and colleagues is unbeatable, with very good events and constant communication! Nice place to feel good!The events, workshops, masterclasses,... are of great quality with professionals from different sectors, with a very wide experience. Networking is constant.Once the course is over, the facilities for finding work increase exponentially. In addition, in my own case, you can launch your own project and be part of the industry. Make a dream come true.Read Less",ironhack
"While it was not my career first choice, just before joining Ironhack community I was working in the consulting business, for more details, in a sector that has nothing to do with my field of expertise, technology, and telecommunications. I was a little... Read More worried about how would I be able to take up all the new knowledge I was going to learn the next 8 weeks, but the experience with all the group of people ended up being awesome. I remember my first developers meetup, some of the students of the cohort went to a Ruby meetup, when we got out of the place we all thought we have not understood a thing on the subject of the meetup but anyway I was more than happy to have such a motivating experience and all thanks to the desire for learning more and more about this new world I had just entered. That is without any doubt the thing I value the most: the growing desire of continuously learning with the help of the people that form the development community. Currently, I work at a startup, Tender.co (www.tender.co). I am more involved in the day to day operations, customers, business development and so on, and not programming too much, but in any case, I am capable of understanding how the web and app development of our platform works. Besides I am always looking for new projects and thinking about the way to develop them. For me, it is very encouraging to know what are the tools needed to face a tech problem and try to solve it with your bare hands and a keyboard.Read Less",ironhack
"Before joining Ironhack, I was doing a degree in Computer Science, which I finished just one week before starting the bootcamp.It was a really good experience. I joined to Ironhack to improve my coding skills and learn the technologies that companies... Read More are using currently. They did a very good job in teaching that. Now, I'm able to code web applications following good practices. Specially, the bootcamp helped me to consolidate knowledge that the university teaches in a theoretical way. For me the best was the way they teach, we learnt by doing, and all the people I met.Currently I'm working as an IT Trainer at Pronoide. Ironhack has really helped me, now I can learn any technology by my self, and that is something I specially need for my current job, because I have to be constantly learning new technologies.Read Less",ironhack
"Before going to IronHack I was (and I still am, though) a law and business student. I decided to go into that journey because I wanted to do something different to all my peers.It was an increidible experience. It is a different way of teaching; not the... Read More classic lectures that we have at the university, the teaching methods is constantly challenging and 100% practice.I have learned lot of things during the course. Obviously about the web apps; How it works on the surface and the process behind them. The ability to connect them (front and end). Something I think was a key thing in my course was js; I consider that all the future coding needs a top JavaScript.Right now I am on my last year of Law and Business Degree, and currently doing and internship at a consultancy firm. I value what I had learned in a similar way I value Law in the work I am currently doing: lot of people come from a business degree or engineering degree; when we face something legal, they are not comfortable working with that. In my case, having the law degree enables me to answer those questions easierand faster. The same happens with coding, few people know how complex a website is until you explain them.Read Less",ironhack
"I really enjoyed Ironhack Web Development bootcamp and, in general, it exceeded my expectations. It's a great choice for those that want to become developers and it's definitely worth the investment.",ironhack
"My experience with Ironhack started with the right foot. I first met Alia for my interview, and she could answer all my questions. She was also very nice, encouraging, and positive, which helped me make my final decision to join Ironhack. It was one of... Read More the best professional decisions I've made.My UX/UI course was a great experience! The best part was the people I met during these 2 months. The instructors were great at sharing their real world experience and expertise. Our TA, Eugy Alliegro, did an excellent job providing us constant feedback and extra material. I definitely learned A LOT from her.I recommend this bootcamp to anyone that is looking to both change careers and join the tech community.Read Less",ironhack
"Coming from an English teacher's background and without experience nor studies in design, this bootcamp has given me a solid foundation to meet the challenges of the UX/ UI field of today. But as all of us Ironhackers know, the learning has just begun... Read More and we'll never stop exploring and growing. It's nice to say the friendships formed with the teachers and alumni still continue to be a part of my life today. To have that support and ongoing relationship is key to our development as people and designers alike.*WARNING: This course is not for the faint hearted or procrastinators haha. After all it is a Bootcamp. You must be willing to put in 60-80hrs a week if you want to really benefit from it. Just like learning a new language doesn't suffice in just taking classes but living out the culture in the native country, so one must really interiorize the UX / UI methods &amp; practices (24/7). And don't fret, the Ironhack community will become a great family for you during this time.And we get full career support from Ironhack at any future hiring weeks? What!? Amazing.Read Less",ironhack
"This has to be one of the best investments I ever made in self-improvement. Nizar, the head instructor was very supportive in the learning process and explained complex concepts in a very beginner friendly way. I went in with very limited knowledge in... Read More Ruby on Rails and came out feeling confident in my programming ability as well as my ability to continue learning and growing by myself after the bootcamp.Job search support was impressive, I didn't need it in the first place as I wasn't looking for a job. I however found myself needing it some months after the bootcamp and sure enough all I had to do was reach out and Brito was forthcoming with valuable information and resources that I wouldn't have otherwise found anywhere else.Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I studied Electrical &amp; Computer Engineering @ Florida International University. I worked on embedded systems and mobile device Operating Systems at BlackBerry for 2 years. After leaving BlackBerry, I wanted to get into Web Development.... Read More I'd never worked on web projects, but had always been interested. After not having any luck finding work, I decided to enroll in Ironhackers web development course in Madrid (I'm from Miami).Ironhack and it's bootcamp were everything I expected! It was intense - 10+ hours a day coding. I had the opportunity to learn and work with really cool people who I continue to keep in contact with even though they're on the other side of the world!I learned how to build a web app from the ground up. Among various frameworks, we focused on HTML, CSS, and JavaScript - the essentials of web development. The course gave me the opportunity to work on 3 different projects which I was able to put on my resume to show what I've actually done! I can't stress enough how important this is when it comes time for job interviews - more so than experience.I now work as a JavaScript Engineer at GumGum, a computer vision and advertising tech startup headquartered in Santa Monica, California. I can honestly say, I would never be where I am if it weren't for my experiences at Ironhack. I have much to learn, but I'm thankful to Ironhack and all my peers for giving me the building blocks needed to succeed as a web developer in today's rapidly changing tech environment.Read Less",ironhack
"I completed my Ironhack bootcamp in between my Sophomore and Junior year of college. I had been studying Computer Science at shool and had taken a few programming course before starting. I did know how to code, but I had difficulties when entering higher... Read More level courses since I thought my foundation was not strong and that I lacked having a full understanding of basic programming fundamentals. I also had no idea what type of programming field I wanted to enter since I was only 20, so applying for an internship was difficult. I really wanted to take my 3 month summer vacation and learn a lot, which was when I turned to Ironhack. Ironhack was the best decision I made as a programmer. I still am amazed at how much I learned in 10 weeks. The circulum of the Web Development bootcamp was outstanding. I was learning languages I wasn't getting the opportunity to work on at school, and it focused on both Back-end and Front-end development, so I got to see what type might interest me to later on pursue as a career. The experience was long and tedidous, but I would recommend it to ANYONE seriously interested in programming. Although I had expierence coding beforehand, I ALWAYS felt a challange at Irohack and was constantly learning. I cannot say enough amazing things about the lead instructor, Nizar, and the T.A., Nick. They dedicate so much time and effort to make sure everyone in the class is on the same page. Both would answer any questions I had. I was finally having those ""aha"" moments where concepts finally clicked that I was missing at school! Although it was definitely rigorous, the Ironhack environment was always so much fun. There was never a day that I wasn't excited to come into class. I loved the partnered exercises. I really felt that they were beneficial since you will always be working with people in a work environment. The assignments you work on are about interesting topics such as creating a movie triva game or using the Spotify API. For the final project, the topic is up to you, and working on it was definitely my favorite part of the bootcamp. Not only did I really see the progress I made, I got to work on an idea that I was passionate about and turn it into a fully functional website. When I returned to school in the fall, I felt so much more confident going into my classes and interviews. I now have a fully active GitHub that showcases all my hard work throughout the course, and I still use it today.Read Less",ironhack
"Before IronHack I was a sound engineer working in a cinema as a technician. When the crisis hit, I traveled to London to work and attend a Top Up Degree in sound technics. A lecturer introduced me to programming, and it was love at first sight. I decided... Read More at that moment to become an app developer, so I returned to Spain to make it happen.Ironhack was such an amazing experience. In my opinion, when you learn how to write code you are learning valuable skills to develop software, but you are also unlocking your brain's potential and developing ways of thinking alternatively. It's not easy to learn to program, but it's 100% worth it. IronHack is the key to unlocking your full potential in no time. In record time their program can boost your career, and I enjoyed it a lot.I think that the most valuable knowledge that you learn with Ironhack is how the software industry works.They taught me how to break an idea into smaller pieces and translate it into code. It's not only learning a programming language, it's improving analytical skills that help me to understand almost any language, framework, or tool in a brief period of time.The best part was having the chance to share a couple of months with people who love coding.Just one week after Ironhack, I found my first job as a developer. Now I work in the banking industry handling massive payments as a full-stack developer with Java. In addition, I use other technologies such as Scala, Vanilla JS/JS Frameworks, PL/SQL, and Bash scripting on a daily basis.Learning how to write code has changed my life. It opened the doors for a brighter future in only a year and made me feel more confident. I receive more than 6-7 calls per week offering me a job, and that's amazing if we take into account how the job market is nowadays.Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack I used to work as a consultant at the business intelligence department of a company. Enrolling in Ironhack made me alter my mindset. I want to learn more every day and won't settle for less.Beyond the coding languages and the content of... Read More the course, I've learnt how to move in this environment and to seek/identify good new resources that made me grow personally and professionally. I've also gotten to know a lot of people who love innovation and entrepreneurship. For me, this definitely was the best part. This made my motivation grow and helped me achieve all the goals I had in mind.Nowadays I work at a great company called Mediasmart, which is full of great professionals. Without Ironhack it would have been impossible to land here.Read Less",ironhack
"Mi experiencia en Ironhack, ha sido una experiencia vital, no solo académica. Estaba buscando un cambio en mi carrera profesional, y por supuesto que se han cumplido las expectativas académicas, además, se añaden compañeros, profesores, TA, y el equipo-familia... Read More que gestiona todo. Y lo mejor, es que en 2 meses sales preparado para el mundo laboral. Los bootcamp de IronHack, son como los buenos libros, llegas al final con ganas, pero se disfruta tanto el día a día que no quieres se termine.Read Less",ironhack
"Antes de Ironhack estaba en la universidad estudiando Arquitectura. De hecho, durante el Boot Camp estaba empezando mi proyecto final de carrera, compaginé las dos cosas. Me apunté al curso porque quería reinventar mi carrera profesional y pensé que era... Read More un buen momento, ya que estaba acabando la carrera, para formarme en algo nuevo.Fue mucho mejor de lo que me esperaba. No sabía muy bien lo que iba a encontrar allí y resultó una experiencia genial. Amigos, buenos profesores, trabajo duro, mucha ayuda por parte del equipo… Es muy completa porque no sólo vas a clase y ya está, sino que hay muchas más actividades como conferencias, comidas, trabajos en grupo o cervezas.He aprendido muchas cosas sobre UX, sobre diseño y sobre todo lo que se imparte en las clases, pero también he aprendido mucho de mis compañeros. Éramos un grupo muy heterogéneo (con background muy distintos y edades variadas) y cada uno tenía cosas chulísimas para aportar a los demás, nos complementamos muy bien y los trabajos en grupo salían siempre enriquecidos por ello.Mi caso es algo distinto a los demás porque tenía que acabar el proyecto fin de carrera al terminar el Boot Camp y no me podía incorporar al mundo laboral directamente. Aunque así mismo se me ofreció la oportunidad de acompañar a los alumnos de la siguiente edición como Teacher Assistant, así pude seguir vinculada al mundo UX y aprender aún un poquito más.Read Less",ironhack
"My background: I finished my computer Science Engineering 10 years ago, since then I have been working mainly as systems Engineer , having very little programming involved at my work. I´m a very practical person whow has always pretty clear my objectives... Read More , so the decision to go to Ironhack was taken after months of careful research pursuing the best option and valuing what steps should I make on my professional career.Just before the bootcamp I was working as an IBM Presales Engineer in a mixed role : half technician / half commertial). The technical part did not involve programming . IronHack has fullfilled the expectatives i had for the bootcamp: First getting used to programming and the new technologies used by the market at this day, Second find a Job right after the bootcamp so I could start as soon as possible to program and keep growing as a programmer, I acomplished both at the end of the bootcamp ( on the job part I had 2 offers just by one week of interviews).I would recommend the experience , even though a minimal comprension of programming is required , any person with passion and hardwork can pass it through. I enjoyed mostly every day with new practices and new things to learn and hard challenges to confront everyday , lets be clear about this ,Ironhack its not easy and is very intentse, but the benefits adquired through strugling and frustration are more rewarding with the system it has ( having to do a weekly proyect on week 3 already).I´m currently working as a FrontEnd Developer developing an application running in Angular ( one of the technologies covered by the bootcamp) at a digital marketing company that develops its own solutions. Having done several proyects at IH made my integration at the developer´s team very fast and within the first month I was on the same programming path as my companions.About the staff and professionals that works at IronHack i´ve got no complains as they were trustworthy and had the knowledge I seeked to fulfill my goals. I also had luck having great fellow students that were encouraging each other whenever one got stuck over difficult issues . If you are researching IH I think the best way is to ask one of the ex-alumni that are over internet, linkedin or even in person at the events. They would probably tell you that they dont regret the experience and solve many doubts you may have.Read Less",ironhack
"Before attending Ironhack in Madrid, I worked in Miami for a company related to technological products and LED illumination, named Airis USA. I was the Operations Supervisor and was in charged of the whole operations of the company since the Operations... Read More Manager was not in town always.My experience at Ironhack was amazing. Amazing because at first I was lost and thought that I have made a mistake, but as time passed and I learned more, I was so amazed with my abilities and my coding, that I couldn't believe. I learned to learn from mistakes and that to be an expert in something you need to practice and never give up. The best aspect of Ironhack was the environment in which you learn to code. The teachers, assistants, managers, and collegues are always so open to help and motivate to give the best effort always. Right now I am back at my home country, Ecuador, working in a digital consultancy company. I work as Digital Account Manager, although it sounds more as a business related position, I am always in touch with programming and programmers in order to deliver the best project. I am not 100% of time coding, due to the fact that I have a business background as well, but I continue learning from the programmers in the company.Read Less",ironhack
"Before IH I was looking for a programmer job, but I was unmotivated and my skills were not very good, so unsuccessfully.The experience was incredible, I learned a lot and I made very good friends and contacts.I have learned a lot about good programming... Read More practices, perseverance and effort.Since I finished, I'm working as developer. not even a week for rest xD. And I get offers every day on Linkedin. IH has helped me a lot for this.Read Less",ironhack
"I did the UX/UI bootcamp at Ironhack and I just want to express some words about two of the most-intensive months in my life. It was something I really enjoyed and I would recommend it 100%. Few months ago I was lucky to talk with some of the last edition's... Read More students before I started my bootcamp and they told me: “Say goodbye to your friends and family because you are not going to see them in two months” and also “The more you get involved, the more benefit you will get”. Well... after the bootcamp I can say that it was totally true and that it exceeded my expectations, mainly because I could not believe it would be so easy to find a job. It definitely was.It can be said that Ironhack is not just a matter of studying but also working hard and being involved in a ""Learn by Doing Community"". You work hard developing projects during the bootcamp, alone and with your mates. It is not studying theory but learning from the best professionals sharing their experience and from every mistake you do.The ""Community issue"" is one of my favourites: when you learn and work with other people, as you help each other, you see everyone gets to different solutions starting at the same point. You realise that the team grows ten times faster than you would learn online or in other courses. And also we got involved in the professional community: that helped us a lot to find jobs after the Bootcamp. Everybody says ""College do not prepare people to work and you need to start in a job to really learn"". Well, we had that first working experience really fast at Ironhack (that is the reason it is so tough) so I started working with more confidence about what I was able to do.Read Less",ironhack
I attended Ironhack in March 2016 and it was probably the best move I've taken in a while. I was able to learn a lot of great tools that I always wondered about in Web Development as well as reinforce some of my self-taugth knowledge.The instructors and... Read More TA were amazing and always ready to help. The staff gave us their full attention and helped us navigate the areas we struggled in in order to maximize our time at the bootcamp.The facility and location are both great and the environment at BUILDING.co was fun and inviting.Read Less,ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was very positive.The pace of the bootcamp is very intense and requires practically exclusive dedication, but the result is worth it.I learned totally unknown technologies. I am currently working with them on a company that hired... Read More me a week after finishing the Bootcamp.No doubt, Ironhack has helped a lot to the turn I wanted to give in my lifeRead Less",ironhack
"Disclaimer: I currently work for IronhackWhy &amp; HowBefore Ironhack I was a kitchen worker, albeit not by choice. I had always been a gamer, tinkerer, and someone that could generally figure out electronics, but I found myself working a job I didn't really... Read More like, for pay that I knew was below me (sorry kitchen workers, it's below everyone).I began my journey by attending a local Pittsburgh school (where I resided previously), studying software development. After taking a host of prerequisite courses, I finally had one online coding class scheduled in after a semester full of speech, philosophy, and biology. Much to my dismay, it was outdated; generally not that well put together; and taught me no valuable skills related to the field, which I can now objectively say as I'm in it.Fortunately, somewhere in that first semester of college, a family member told me about a radio show on NPR that mentioned coding bootcamps. As that second miserable semester and job-related stress began to grow, the idea seemed more and more like it should be a reality. I began looking into schools with none other than course report.At the time in Miami, Ironhack was brand new, although they were an established brand in Madrid &amp; Barcelona. There was another coding school in the area, but they lacked the international credentials and reviews from previous students that would allow me to feel comfortable in putting down a significant amount of money, move to another state, and restart my life. After the course, and being a part of the Miami tech scene, I can say that this was great intuition and am very happy with that decision.The PeopleIronhack from the start was unbelievably helpful. At the time, the team was very small, but I always had the opportunity to be in direct contact with the co-founder; Ariel.Ariel is an impressive co-founder and found a way to avoid the bad bits of Miami tech. At Ironhack, the people you will graduate with, be mentored by, and listen to as guest speakers are the top of the top. This is also reflected in the people he hires.Nizar, the head instructor, is a legend amongst Ironhackers and this isn't without warrant. He's an incredibly patient, talented teacher and developer. This is an incredibly rare combination. Often times in traditional schools (in my experience) you will encounter good coders who just don't have the ability to teach. This is why so many people think they can't code coming out of school. From interview to graduation, and beyond, Nizar is a rockstar.The Course The interview process was a bit nerve wracking, as most interviews are; but if you follow directions, put in the work to study, and really want to change your life you will succeed. You will be expected to learn a few coding topics relatively quickly, and then be tested on it.The course itself is more than likely unlike most academic experiences you've taken part in.Often times in school, you'll be introduced to facts and then be expected to memorize them. Once these facts are memorized, you'll spit them back out onto a quiz, and some person in the ivory tower gives you a piece of paper that says you're smart. This mentality is busted in development, and Ironhack's curriculum reflects that. You will be introduced to topics, given examples and the opportunity to ask questions, and then it's off to the races. You will build something. This is the X factor that online platforms such as codeacademy, treehouse, and others are missing. This is what propels you to be a quality developer. Building Things.There are no easy A's. You're judged on what you build. That is life as a developer.My AdviceIf you aren't happy with the way things are, change it. Do your due dilligence, sift through reviews, and call each bootcamp. I did this, I can say at this point based off of my skills and quality of life that I made the correct decision.Read Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack Webdev bootcamp is a game changer. The course focuses on a range of tools that set you up to jump into the developing world and work on real projects as a Junior Web developer. I was able to build iterations of personal projects and intern... Read More at a health tech company a few months after the course. The program goes by quickly, you'll find yourself working in groups each day, culminating in a final project. By the end you will feel competent in RoR/ JS/ Html-CSS and ready for interviews. The head instructor Nizar and Nick the TA will work with you until you get the concepts and can fly solo, so you will leave the course feeling like you have gained tangible skills.More than the coding skills, the personalized career support is what sets them apart. Ironhack's placement manager, Brito, is part life-coach part wizard and knows the HR game in and out. Having the continued resources to find jobs and interview hacks increases Ironhack's value to a large extent.Read Less",ironhack
"WHY I DID ITI chose Ironhack Bootcamp because it motivated me the fact of being part of a community rather than just signing up for a course for going to class and then go home. Of course, once you'r there it's up to you to be part of it or just attend... Read More to classes. HOW IT HELPED A bootcamp helps you to put your first step in to the world you are seeking to enter into, in this case the design world, which in Barcelona is very closed. While after university there is a huge gap between where you are and where you want to go, after Ironhack you actually have already contacts in where you want to go. In the bootcamp there will be events, people coming, lectures from interesting companies, but it will be up to you to network with them, nothing will come by itself. For example, after the hiring days 6 companies reached me and two weeks after I have offers for working for two of them. But it’s very up to you to have the initiative and search for the opportunities and also to decide which is a fair job deal. One month after I was hired in a big company with excellent wages and conditions, but still I feel it's rare. WHAT I LIKEDI went almost from zero in design. I had audiovisual background and it helped to improve some skills I  already had. But, I did build mostly everything from scratch. And now I feel like I increased 100% my skills. Immersive atmosphere it's all about design for 10 weeks. You will find yourself reading design articles while having breakfast and going to bed with design documentaries. ""Team feeling"". You spent a lot of time with the same persons every day. You better deal with it, make the most for getting along with them and encourage them to make things together. You will end the bootcamp with a groups of friends extremely motivate with design. WHAT I MISSEDGoing deeper in some parts of the curricula. More connection with lecturer's job during their classes. You are very free to do the tasks as good as you want. I missed more guidance when you feel demotivated in other to get better results for the portfolio. Not just getting task done because there are a deadlines.Read Less",ironhack
"Me llamo Enrike y soy antiguo alumno de Ironhack. Antes de Ironhack yo había estudiado un FP de Desarrollo de aplicaciones web, pero me tuve que dedicar al negocio familiar, y dejar de lado la programación.Mi experiencia en Ironhack ha sido increíble,... Read More lo volvería a repetir otra vez sin dudarlo. Mi mayor miedo era el no poder seguir con el temario del bootcamp, pero gracias a mis compañero y a los TA, y con mucho esfuerzo, creo que he aprovechado el curso y he aprendido un montón.En el bootcamp hemos aprendido, Javascript Fullstack MEAN Stack (Mongo, Expressjs, Angular2, Node). Gracias a este Stack, veías como semana a semana ibas completando aplicaciones web, mas dinámicas y complejas.Después de terminar el bootcamp, Ironhack organizo una hiring week, con diferentes empresas de Madrid. Gracias a esa semana pude contactar con la empresa en la que actualmente estoy trabajando. Después de terminar, a las 3 semanas ya tenia trabajo.Read Less",ironhack
"Not only i learned a whole lot, I've had an amazing unforgettable 2 months. All the staffs over there are nice people. Would definitely recommend to a friend.",ironhack
"Probably the most incredible part of the experience is the surprising level of continuous support from the entire IronHack team. With a family member serious ill throughout the process, I've sometimes had to shoot off to the hospital or the like temporarily.... Read More On each occasion, the team displayed genuine concern, which meant a lot, and helped me stay on track with the course. It's a testament to the IronHack mission of making us part of their community.As an attorney and someone whose career is mostly in management/operations, IronHack teachers made it fairly seamless to transition to what was previously a foreign language (code).Came to Bootcamp with already lofty expectations to be completely immersed in coding for 8 weeks. At its conclusion, I feel like it has exceeded those expectations by also being an immersive experience into technology and a style of thinking.Read Less",ironhack
"When i had decided to attend Ironhack i had already been considering similar bootcamps for a few months. I had read great reviews about it online and they touted an excellenct job placement record. i find it's not very good to take information like that... Read More for granted, and so i enrolled with a healthy amount of skeptisism.The course was fast paced, but not so much that it felt overwhelming. The way the course is structured encourages teamwork among the class, and fosters a sense of ""we're all in this together"" that adds to the learning experience immensly. I met some fantastic people in the course, some of whom i remain in business with today. Everyone has their stengths and weaknesses. When someone in the class felt like they were losing grasp on the material the teachers and staff acted accordingly, spending time and focusing on the individual learning needs of each student. By the end of the couse even the most technologically adverse students were competent UX/UI proffesionals.Less than two weeks after the end of the program i was one of the first in the class to get hired thanks to Brito (the job placement counselor) who is very well connected in the Miami tech world. If you think of this class in terms of acheiving a return on your investment, i dont think you can really beat this.Read Less",ironhack
"Overall I really enjoyed my time at Ironhack. The instructors and TAs were very helpful. I didn't find the curriculum too challenging but I have some experience coding. Still, I did learn a lot about how web development works. I loved working on the final... Read More project and having a whole web app that I built myself and understood inside and out.The facility is really great. It's wondeful to be a part of Building Co. You get to meet other people in the tech scene and really feel like a community. Plus the roof is a great place to bond with your team while playing cornhole.I must admit I'm a little jealous that I missed out on the new MEAN stack curriculum, but Ruby On Rails has proved helpful in my current job. As far as career assistance goes, I didn't get a job offer (or at least one that I wanted to accept) as soon as I would have liked, but I did eventually accept a job that I was excited about and I do think that Ironhack helped me make the connection. The interviews that they set up were great practice and lead to some oppurtunites. I love being part of the Ironhack community. Even though I've been a grad for a while now it's nice to have someone to talk to about career development and the Miami tech scene.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack seemed very interesting to me and it definitely was. It made me look at design in a whole different way. I learned how to create a project from the very beginning to the end, always thinking about the user it is aimed for. I learned to use new... Read More tools and got the needed knowledge for understanding UX/UI design and what goes beyond from it. The course requires a big effort, it can be a little intense, but the philosophy of ""learning by doing"" made it not boring at all. It made me realize I not only know the information, but that now I actually know how to apply it. It was a really enriching experience!Read Less",ironhack
"My name is Guillermo, but from an early age everyone knows me as Simon, my surname. Before entering ironhack I studied the degree of multimedia and graphic design, which I believed would open many doors to the professional world, but it was not so. From... Read More that moment I started to look at sites and courses to specialize in something, then I discovered ironhack since they offered a scholarship to make the UX / UI design bootcamp. The fact is that I tried my luck with the Madrid scholarship (there was another for Barcelona) and I won it. At that time I did not know very well what that was, so I researched a bit on the internet, went to a couple of talks and finally I decided to take the course.The bootcamp in ironhack lasted two months, two of the most intense and stressful months of my life, but I say this with a smile from ear to ear since I do not regret anything. I take a lot of ironhack, all that we learned, the professionals who have shared with us their wisdom, experience and tricks, the colleagues and friends that I have met and with whom I have shared this trip ...What I most liked and impressed me at the same time is all I have learned. In two months of bootcamp I have learned more than in 4 years of design career. If it is true that I have known new fields of study, because the UX was new to me, but right now I do not say that I am a graphic designer, I say that I am a UX / UI designer.When I finished the bootcamp I saw how fleeting it had been, I remembered every afternoon that I stayed in ironhack until 10 pm when there was nobody in the facility, all the exercises and the walls full of post-its, the classes teached by people that was was their daily bread form them... and I only had to look forward and trust that I would find work. And so, just one week after finishing the bootcamp already had two job offers.Since I finished the bootcamp I have not stopped researching, reading, searching, experimenting... they have awakened on me a curiosity for all this world that does not stop growing. And I know that I have a family in Ironhack.Simon.Read Less",ironhack
"It was really demanding, but it was exactly what I was hoping. I really enjoy being under pressure every day, giving the best. Obviously some days it was really frustrating, because you can´t overcome an issue, but that´s part of the course, you need... Read More to learn to surpass the frustation. Without notice, I learned a huge amount of things, and after some weeks I felt ready to confront any challenge. On my personal experience, I learned a lot about coding environment . I came from a super different background, where almost everything has really similar ways of doing things. What is awesome about coding, is that you have thousands of ways to do things. So I can say, I learned to learn, and take my scares off about coding. The best? The everyday environment at school, it was awesome, the classmate and the staff was incredible and make a huge working making the 12hs a day really bearable. I really enjoy the hiring week, unlike any other I have had, I think the key about this one is that you got 10 minutes with every employeer to show your projects and talk about your working expectations. This is awesome, because first of all, it force you to talk to every company, and in the same way, force the employeers to pay atention to you in those 10 minutes.Read Less",ironhack
"My time at Ironhack was like none other. I was in college for a couple of years majoring in Computer Science, but didn't get the connection and support I needed. Coming into Ironhack, I was scared that I would be behind everyone and fall behind like in... Read More college. Eventually I learned that I wasn't the only person who felt that way and things got less intimidating. As the weeks go by, you form a family with your peers and instructors that help you grit it out and come out a well developed web developer. At the end of the day, this is a huge jump to make, especially if you're coming from another state like I did. But if you come with the right attitude, commit to getting better every week, and use all the amenities that Ironhack offers you, you'll get everything you need to graduate and find opportunities within the field. I currently am doing contract web development work with Samsung.Read Less",ironhack
"When I decided to join Ironhack's Bootcamp of Full Stack Web Development, I was scared: my age, even my gender, which already was being an obstacle in several professions. I studied in a Spanish University, which I remember as the worst waste of time... Read More in my whole life. Ironhack changed it, for good. I still remember an inspiring speech of Alvaro Cotello, Campus Manager in Ironhack Madrid: ""Destroy University"". And that phrase took my hand to the next level. Because that's what I think as a key for changing things and evolve. I have to say that they won't give a magic key to you: you will have to give the best of yourself, you will have to work hard. Remember: you will forget your family, friends, even sleeping properly, for several weeks, and you will always know everything's worth it. Definitely, you will learn to learn, you will learn to think in another way, as a real programmer.After the bootcamp I spent some time studying more, working in a project by my own and suffering imposter syndrome. However, I repeat: it's in your hand. And I have to say that actually I'm working in the company of my dreams. All the efforts provide results if you want so, and Ironhack's family provides you with tools enough in order to develop your career.Read Less",ironhack
"DISCALIMER: STUDIED AT IRONHACK OVER A YEAR AGO AND HAVE A NON PROGRAMMING ROLEWhen I signed up for Ironhack I was extremely excited to begin my career as a Web Developer and engage in the startup and tech world in Miami! I have to say, Ironhack exceeded... Read More my expectations.When I had my first interview with Alia is when I fell in love with the Ironhack. I felt like she truly cared about my well-being. She wanted to know my dreams and aspirations and what I wanted to get out of this program and most importantly she was honest. Alia was upfront about what Ironhack could provide and if it was a worthwhile investment for me. After our discussion, I talked with my family and we all agreed that Ironhack provided the best opportunity to my grow and achieve my aspirations.When I started the class, I was a bit nervous. Others seemed to be far ahead of me because of prior coding experience. To be frank, I was intimidated, I wanted to quit and didn't think I could ever catch up. After the first few days, Ironhacks true strengths started to reveal itself. Nizar, my instructor, and Josh, the teaching assistant, were extremely helpful. To be clear, they helped me think through a lot of the problems or guided me to resources. I appreciate this a lot because it developed my critical thinking skills and also pushed me to become a better programmer. Josh and Nizar were able to do this because of the intimate class size, and I felt they were truly passionate in myself and other classmates.I also felt that the entire staff at Ironhack was unbelievable and open to having discussions with me. Ariel, one of the co-founders, was always at the campus and made it his goal to know all the students. He was always available to talk and address any concerns I had, or drink a few beers with me and the other students after a long week.At the end of the course Ironhack did a great job of prepping us for work. While I did not end up taking a developer job, Ironhack set me up for success in two ways. The first, Ironhack taught me how to learn. There was no answer in the back of the book, there were resources like stack overflow that I had to use to figure out my bugs. I had to be resourceful, and truly think through problems to see if they made sense, this was a skill that Ironhack helped develop. Secondly, while I did not take a coding job, Ironhacks location in a co-working space worked great for me. I was offered an unbelievable opportunity by a tech company that worked out the same space two weeks before the completion of the program. I would have not had that opportunity come to me otherwise.Ironhack was amazing, and an extremely worthwhile investment for me. While I don’t program now, I work with many developers who are helping build our product and it has made the conversations easier and the process 50x smoother. If you are interested in coding and are willing to do the work and challenge yourself, then sign up for a coding boot camp. If you really want to make a difference in your life, then sign up for Ironhack.PSI recently went to Ironhack site to check it out for old times’ sake and I saw they updated the course to more JavaScript and less ruby and they also added a UX/UI course. I think this is great because they are never settling on just one thing and want to provide as many unbelievable opportunities for their students as possible.Read Less",ironhack
"I had a great experience at Ironhack! Nizar is an amazing and patient teacher, especially with someone like me who came from a marketing background and had zero coding experience/ knowledge prior to Ironhack. The T.A.s including Josh are also great at... Read More turning seemingly complicated subjects into something you can actually understand and apply. The classroom environment is a work hard, play hard mentallity. While everyone is there to learn and make the most of their experience, Building Co. &amp; Ironhack also have many fun events and there is lots of time to make meaningful friendships and meet some cool people. The web development bootcamp was one of the most challenging (and rewarding) experiences of my life, I highly reccommend it to anyone curious about learning more about coding and/or the tech community in Miami.Read Less",ironhack
"Hey! My name is Oleh Kolinko, I am born and raised in Ukraine. Also I am a recent graduate of IronHack and now I am full time web application developer. If you are reading this review you probably want to change something in your life, considering to... Read More attend this bootcamp and debating if it is worth it or not? Is it the right school for you? I was in your shoes and after graduation I can say 100% confident that going to Ironhack was one of the best decisions that I made in my life! The most important investment you can make is in yourself. Before IronHack I studied two years in University majoring in Computer Science and I dropped out. I was working regular jobs, but I always was interested in technology so I started learning how to code on my own. It's a great way to start but If you want make into a career It's much easier with a real mentor and help from professionals. Compared to my University IronHack teaching the latest trending technology like MEAN stack and that's exactly what employers are looking for. Learning process: your everyday routine will be starting with lectures and after more importantly - practice. You do some exercises in pairs and then individually. Lead instructor is Nizar - absolutely great teacher! He really knows what he is talking about and excellent with explaining, giving analogy examples to simplify things, and ready to help when you struggle. During lectures you can ask any question at any time. In class you will code along with instructor, there will be frequent stops where both Nizar and TA will make sure nobody is falling behind and everybody is on the same page. All staff is really friendly, cool and ready to help you. You can find yourself joking around with Ariel before you find out that he is actually co-founder. I liked project weeks the most, that's where you apply everything you learned and build your own application. You come up with an idea, design database structure and app architecture. I learned how to manage your project and your time (you have to meet deadline) along with public speaking skills (presenting your project). In reward: You will get portfolio with 3 projects that will easily separate you from University grads and show employers that you actually can build fully working apps.Your classmates will become your friends. You can find people with similar mindset and passion to create. Even having a full time job I am still working on side projects with people I met during IronHack. Also I moved in with two classmates, we extended our learning outside IronHack by helping each other after school and we became really great friends! Try to move in with somebody from your course, you will thank me later.What can I say about job searching? - Shortly, I had two job offers just in two weeks after graduation. They have a designated man that works full time to make sure you get hired - Daniel Brito (placement manager). He knows almost everybody in Miami tech ecosystem and will introduce you to those who are hiring. You are going to learn with him how to be a real job hunter and how to crush the interviews. He can give you some additional personal advises and will be helping you even after graduation.Sounds great right, but what's the catch? It's hard. If you are just looking for easy money that developers earn you are knocking at the wrong door. Course is intense and it's only begining, you will have to work hard to be successful. The most important skill that you need to learn is how to learn, how to be resourceful. On my job we use different tools than IronHack and you need to be ready for that. Be a coder means that you will have to learn all the time even after the course because there will be always new framework or new tool that just came out and you have to learn it. If you want to become a developer you have to love coding and be passionate about tech world. If you don't know if you will like it at all try free online courses like CodeAcademy.comRead Less",ironhack
"The Ironhack UX/UI Design program was a great experience - one that led to the development of a solid skill set in all aspects user-experience design including user research, interface design, font-end development, design facilitation/implementation.... Read More The cohort was full of dedicated individuals who devoted 10 full weeks to becoming experience designers and this was one of the most amazing aspects of the course - the people were all amazing and possessed an incredible amount of passion and drive. That - in addition the amazing instructors who brought significant real world experience and the incredible academic environment at Building.co - made this a one of a kind experience that facilitated my growth as a designer. The Ironhack UX/UI curriculum established an epic foundation in user-centered design which combined with the experience that the instructors provided and the real world applications that were built into the program as well as career development opportunities not only led to a position as a User Experience Designer within weeks of graduation from the program, but also to the founding of a UX design agency with several classmates from my cohort. If you are looking to begin a career as a UX designer, looking to make a career shift, or trying to build a foundation in user-centric design principles to apply to the work that you are already doing, then I would highly recommend checking out Ironhack's UX/UI design program. If you are dedicated enough and apply the skills learned throughout the program this is the place for you. Check it out :DRead Less",ironhack
"Let me start this review by saying that I was between in a rock and a hard place in regards to my career before finding Iron Hack. I have always been a creative person that has a passion for technology and learning but I found myself unsatisfied with... Read More my prior career path, I beleive that I should be passionate and love what I do.A close friend of mine put me onto Iron Hack, once I looked up what the UX/UI Design bootcamp could do for me I was extremely intrigued and reached out to Iron Hack to apply. Right away I was made to feel at home by the Iron Hack staff. Alia Poonawala, the director of admissions and one for the nicest people I've ever met, guided me through the admissions process and solidified my belief that I had made the right choice.Once class began I was introduced to the whole Iron Hack staff who are all incredible people! What I learned in class was everything I had dreamed about and more. We learned the whole UX/UI process and I finally felt like I had made the correct career choice. Our instructors Joel Mena and Jaclyn Levi, both professionals working in the UX/UI field, were extremely knowledgable and did a great job of teaching us the material. Having someone who works in the field as an instructor was fantastic as they both taught us and gave us invaluable advice about the UX/UI field.I would be remissed if I did not mention our TA, Eugy Alliegro. Iron Hack provides each cohort with at least one TA who is there to help guide us along the way and give feedback. Eugy was a TREMENDOUS help and was a key component to myself and all of my classmates learning the material and becoming UX/UI designers.For me, having a great time learning in an incredible environment (the Iron Hack workspace is BEAUTIFUL) was enough to be happy. Where Iron Hack went above and beyond was in helping me find a job once I graduated. Daniel Brito, the placement manager, is a rockstar! Daniel (or Brito as we call him) was in our ears about what we needed to do in order to gain traction in the tech community from day one. He is someone that deeply cares about the students and does everything in his power to place us once graduated. Brito's hard work and guidance helped me land a job right after I graduated from Iron Hack!Overall, I am extremely happy with the choice I made to change career paths and do so with the help of Iron Hack. I recommend that anyone who is in a similar place that I was at to reach out and join Iron Hack, it'll be the best decision that you'll ever make!Read Less",ironhack
"After finishing my degree In Business Administration 2 years ago, I worked at a Financial Modeling Startup, building business models for various tech startups. But I was intrigue to learn programming. A friend of mine recommended me Ironhack's Web Development... Read More Bootcamp and I signed up for it. I never imagined I could learn so much in so little time. It was the most productive period of my life. I had almost no knowledge about programming but the bootcamp is structured so you can keep up the pace. The days are long and exhaustive but the passion keeps you going. I also learned to manage my time, teach myself and do research on my own. Ironhack has also a great community behind! They organize different meetups where you can ask and talk to a lot of people from the tech community as well as the fast-growing Ironhack alumni network I am proudly a part of! I would recommend it to anyone!I finished the Bootcamp knowing how to build a webpage from the start! And I keep learning new things everyday. Although I love programming, and I am currently working as a developer for an online poker school, I love the tech sector in general. I realize I also want to keep developing my business skills, so I am shifting to a tech consultancy firm. More than ever it is required for everyone to have programming skills in almost every sector. And Ironhack is the best place to learn them!Read Less",ironhack
"Why I joined IronhackAfter finishing Mechanical Engineering school, I interned at a financial institution in a position related to the world of technology. I had a revelation: there is no skipping the technical skills if you want to stay relevant in the... Read More world of tomorrow. Bridging the gap between any discipline (mechanical engineering or finance in my case) and tech is among the best values that an employee can bring to any organisation. When I received a full-time offer with a 6-month gap period, I knew I wanted to do the IronHack before joining.The experienceI was part of the the Jan 2017 Madrid web-dev full time bootcamp. IronHack’s premise is that after three months you can go from squat to entry-level programmer. This was not my goal but my expectations were still high. My aim was to gain skills that would allow me to bootstrap a project more easily. And I can honestly say that IronHack surpassed all my expectations.Ironhack is nothing like your University experience. It’s a super-intense, hands-on experience that merges learning, doing, building and networking. A typical day would start with lectures in the morning, exercises in the afternoon, followed by a seminar by Alvaro on personal branding, back to exercises in the evening and finally beers to power through the early night. The teachers are always available and willing to help, and the class soon turns into a group of very close friends. As for the learning experience, unbound by the constraints of traditional universities, IronHack can morph its curriculum on the go to keep up with the latest demands of the market, giving you the tools to keep on learning beyond and after the course.Overall my experience at IronHack was very positive. I think of it as the perfect complement to an undergraduate degree in any field, opening the door to a world of new possibilities. And most importantly, it was incredibly fun!After IronhackI wouldn’t say my life has been completely turned around, but I would retake the course a thousand times. I will now join my firm equipped with a whole new array of relevant expertise. I also plan to continue developing my final IronHack project, called I don’t take money.Read Less",ironhack
"I started the Ironhack Web Development Bootcamp in Madrid in January 2017. I graduated in Law the year before and wanted to do something different with my life. I started to learn programmation on my own with Codecademy and some other tutorials. After... Read More a few months, even though I realized that I could teach myself a lot, I still had no idea about how to launch myself into a developer career.It feels really good to think that it was only a few months ago and that I'm now writing this review from my new job office.I'm French and I came in Spain only to do the bootcamp. It wasn't an easy decision to invest all that money and that time. That's why I take the time to write an honest review of my experience. Reading student reviews helped me to take my decision, and I feel grateful to the people who took the time to write one. Besides, I heard that Ironhack is now launching in Paris and I really want to be a part of the french Ironhackers community :)Basically, I started the bootcamp with little knowledge in HTML, CSS and Javascript. In only two months, Ironhack turned me into a Junior FullStack Developper.When I started my new job a few weeks ago, I was able to deliver something , and that felt good. Ironhack taught how to learn what I don't know and how to collaborate with a team. That means that from the beginning, the level will be really demanding (even the best student in my cohort would agree with that!). Days are usually 10-12 hours long.In my case, we had a new teacher every week to teach us a module. They all have a deep knowledge of what they teach and a real understanding of the professionals needs (since all of them work as developers). So every morning you'll a have class with the teacher, and every afternoon you'll put it in practice with an individual exercise and pair programming. That's probably the key of that bootcamp, a huge amount of practice. The teacher assistants, the most patient, dedicated, nice and skilled people you'll ever meet (really, where do they find them?) will help you to accomplish what will often seem impossible.You'll code real projects. In my bootcamp, everyone made a game after two weeks (and some of them were quite impressive). We also made two websites: the first was to sharpen our back-end skills and the last one was a complete application using Node &amp; Angular 2. In my case, I realized a project for a Madrid's Startup that is now a finalist in a local contest.At the end of the bootcamp, Ironhack team presented us to 20 companies from the local scene. Being able of showing real projects is certainly what made that many of us found a job then, and that Ironhack hiring rate is so high. In a broader scale, Ironhack's success comes certainly from its high sense of community (you'll quickly learn about the Ironbeers;). I mean that in my bootcamp I had a great time with the other students and we still party together. In that matter, Ironhack definitely has spanish DNA. But it's more than that. In my case, Ironhack organized events where I got to meet people from the most interesting Startups in Madrid.I have no doubt that Ironhack Paris will be as good (if not better) than in the other cities. If you have any question, I'll be happy to answer it!Read Less",ironhack
"I only can say positive things about this school. When I found Ironhack I was stucked on my work in advertising, I have heard about something called UX, but I wasn't sure what was that... So I decided to find out a little bit more about it. I was looking... Read More for education to update my skills... and Ironhack was the best decision I've ever made. It was a great experience, they have taught us how to think, how to work and how to learn in a digital environment that is always changing and we need to be up-to-date.Read Less",ironhack
"I really hate school. I have always liked learning and making things but the way that I was taught at school really deterred me from pursuing any of my interests. I tried for around a year to teach myself to code from videos on different sites like Udacity... Read More and similar ones. I felt that although I had gained a lot of individual abilities and skills, I still felt uncomfortable building a deployable and usable application. Even worse I felt that I would never feel comfortable applying for an actual job with my set of knowledge. I decided to join Ironhack and it was the best decision I have ever made. The facility is awesome and was a fantastic place to both work as well as cool down during breaks. The rest of the students were all pretty cool and smart for the most part which also made the experience even better. The course does not only teach coding. It also actively ensures that you connect to members of the local tech community. Furthermore, they help you write your resume, make your linkedin, lecture you on interviews, and do countless other things to make you more easily hireable. I have never felt so confident in getting a job in my life. However, the absolute best part of Ironhack to me was the staff. It was a bit of a family and every single person in it was just on another level of nice. Even more than nice though we were always laughing and joking and getting genuinely enthusiastic about programming. The owner of Ironhack Ariel was around a lot of the time and he is one of the most genuine and respectable people I have met. The staff all around were just great people and great teachers. I learned so much and feel like I am picking a job now as opposed to finding one. Even further, I feel confident to run my own applications and sites all by myself. As I said, I hate school but love Ironhack. They teach you to actually create things instead of blind learning. It feels like more of an arts and crafts class than a science. If you are not passionate about what you are doing right now you should sign up.Read Less",ironhack
"I graduated Ironhack's fulltime full-stack web bootcamp December 2016, and it was perfect for greatly accelerating my ad-hoc career in tech. As someone who already felt comfortable with code and in the process of teaching myself web development, I was... Read More initially dubious of the value Ironhack had to offer me. However the friendly/talented/awesome staff and general atmosphere won me over, and I've never had any regrets. I've learned much more than I could have hoped to with an equivalent amount of time on my own, and made great friendships and connections throughout the process. Both in Ironhack and the local tech scene, which they are very well integrated with (Go Brito!).I highly recommend this course to almost everyone desiring a career in or related to software development. I say ""almost"", because it is absolutely essential that you be a passionate self-starter. This course is a shortcut only in time, not effort. If you expect to put in minimal effort and get a job immediately upon graduation, especially with little or no prior programming experience, you will be sorely disappointed. However, if you commit yourself to mastering the material and putting in the long hours not just to practice, but to network in the various tech events they make you aware of, there's truly no limits to the number of opportunities that you will be presented with.Ironhack will set you up for success. It's up to you to take advantage of it.Read Less",ironhack
"Last year of college, studying accounting and preparing for a life filled with debits, credits, and T-Accounts... Decide to pursue a scholarship opportunity in a field I'd always wanted to study but was never taken serious about it by others. The scholarship... Read More was being given by Uber to attend Ironhack's school of UX/UI . I Make it past the first round, then the next, then the next. A month later I actually win it, and I'm in an amazing building (literally called building) surrounded by dozens of like-minded individuals that all share the same passion for entrepreneurship, design, and development. This is the place I'd meet my future UX Design lab co-founders, the place I'd meet the best career placements manager in all of Miami, and the place I'd unlock my hidden potential I've always been too scared to chase. From the instructors to the management, Ironhack was truly a gateway to an industry I thought I'd never be apart of.I made the mistake of not pursuing a degree in graphics/design 3 years prior, but this one decision made it all worth it. I was able to apply years of business experience to a user centric design role and excel in all my course work. The instructors guided me every step of the way, particularly Joel, a master of his craft. Here I learned the foundations of good UX, and the ebb and flow that ties it with UI. I was given foundational lessons on industry standard software, that I would then go on to master on my own. All while never forgetting the last thing Daniel Brito (placements manager) said at our orientation. ""You get what you put it."" Boy was he right. Hours upon hours, days upon days. I grinded and gave it everything I had. I built a portfolio strong enough to challenge senior positions. I built a company with classmates, good enough to be contractually hired within a week of incorporating. I began a path I'd never look back on, and In the end, it was only right that Daniel Brito would be the one to connect me with what would go on to be my first professional full-time (benefits, and a hell of a starting salary) job as a UX/ UI Designer.My name is Daniel Rodriguez, and I am an Ironhacker.Read Less",ironhack
"Before attending Ironhack Web Development Bootcamp, I was working at a law firm with the aspirations of becoming a lawyer. Right before deciding what law school to attend, I began doubting my decision to pursue law. I had a yearning for learning and creating... Read More that my chosen profession at the time could not provide. I had always dabbled with computers and very basic HTML/CSS but always thought that pursuing web development as a career, would require a bachelors in computer science. I started researching alternatives to the traditional route of web development education and found Ironhack. Right from the first interview, I knew that the program was right for me. What makes Ironhack distinct from many other bootcamps is that they gear you for success right from the first interview. Placement into a cohort is dependant on passing a technical interview. It is very important that a potential student meets the technical criteria before attending the bootcamp because the material and course is not easy! After placement, there is a very hefty load of pre-work which I believe is just as important as the 8-week course itself. Completion of the pre-work is essential! The 8-weeks that follow move fast but there is plenty of help and support along the way. Each topic is taught by building on what was previously learned. The the last 2 weeks, which are dedicated to the final project are when all the concepts are really ingrained into your memory. Overall, the experience is life changing to say the least. Ironhack really does care about their students and graduates. Upon graduation, you will have top-notch career support to get you working as a developer, and access to a HUGE network of Ironhack alumni.Read Less",ironhack
"The admissions process was simple and practical, did a short informal coding challenge to prove I understood the basics of programming. The pre-work gave me a foundation to start the course. Loved the teaching style and the instructors are amazing, the... Read More TA's were also very helpful. After the bootcamp I received great guidance from career services in order to prepare my resume and LinkedIn profile. Kept coding and practicing on my own in order to prepare for the interviews. Then came the interviews, I felt prepared and confident. Landed a Jr. Full-stack developer job after 2.5 months of completing the bootcamp! The overall experience changed my life and helped me start a new career!!! Super happy with the whole thing.Read Less",ironhack
"My name is Walter Monecke and I recently graduated from the german University of Bayreuth.I studied business but wanted to get into more technical stuff.I read A LOT of reviews and the coding school that had the best reviews by far was Ironhack and I... Read More am writing this review to confirm it.Ironhack is a coding school that teaches small groups (up to 14 people) to code in a very efficient way. Not only do you learn to really code and put out one project after the other, but you also make great contacts with people in the industry, so it is WAAAAY easier to find a job than being on your own. And yes many of my friends already have jobs. I do not have one because I chose to work on my own projects and follow the entrepeneurship that was always within me.Ironhack teaches industry standard technologies like for example the MEAN-Stack and throughout the course you do three different projects on your own that help master each one of the tools that compose the whole stack.By the last project, i.e. number three, you actually create a full web-app. You come up with the idea, you use your creativity and your learned skills to actually develop it.I cannot tell you how much Ironhack changed the course of my life and how much I am grateful to have discovered this hidden passion for code. I am happy I can wake up and start building something out of thin air and say ""This was done by Walter!"".Having a computer science major is cool. Having gone through this bootcamp is better.Ironhack is a family to me and I will be always be a proud alumni. PS: If you apply and get accepted I cannot tell you how important it is to do you pre-work.The more you learn before going to Ironhack the more you are going to learn. Do your homework!Read Less",ironhack
"I recently graduated from Ironhack's full-time Web Development Bootcamp in Miami, and have them to thank for my new position as a JavaScript developer. Above all else, Ironhack taught me how to work through errors when I encounter them, and where to find... Read More the information I need when dealing with new technologies. I had the pleasure of learning under the instruction of Nizar Khalife Iglesias, and attribute my success thus far to him and our T.A. Ariel Deschapell. Nizar is incredibly patient, and his knowledge of the subject material is impressive. Ariel is equally patient, and was an excellent resource when I needed guidance. As a whole, the Ironhack staff went above and beyond with any request I brought to them, and were always easily accessible. The classroom environment allowed me to build long-term friendships and experience teamwork in the context of software development. Throughout the duration of the bootcamp and after its conclusion, Ironhack's Placements Manager, Daniel Brito, committed himself to helping me launch my career. Daniel sacrificed tremendous time and effort to both teach me how to job-hunt, and generate leads for me to pursue. He delivered on every commitment he made, and exceeded all of my expectations. My career, my livelihood, and my family have reaped amazing benefits from my time at Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
I recently graduated from the UX/UI  full-time bootcamp. It was an amazing experience. The class structure and the instructors were great. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to enter the field regardless of your experience!,ironhack
"I had just been fired from a restuarant I worked in when I heard about 'coding'. I saw the ""learning to code"" video with Mark Zuckerburg and all those other CEO's and I was inspired to learn... After a few weeks of CodeAcademy learning HTML &amp; CSS, I got... Read More curious and clicked on an ad mentioning a school in Miami that taught development over the course of 9 weeks.To everyone's surprise, it was actually Wyncode! I immediately clicked on the link, reviewed their site, tuition, and material. I even signed up for their ""Learn to Code in A Day"" event where they taught basic Ruby... At that event, I met a guy who was also at the course trying to build his site. I told him my interest in Wyncode and the developer role where he immediately told me that if I was going to pay for a school, it should be Ironhack. That was when I learned, that Ironhack is one of those schools that could have their doors packed with people &amp; students if they really wanted to. But they don't! They have a selective acceptance process where they try to weed out those that want to 'code' and those that have a passion for technology + code. It didn't occur to me at first but, that had been the single most luckiest and best decision I had ever made, choosing Ironhack. And I can say that, why? Because I experienced both. Not only did I go to the ""Learn To Code In A Day"" but my brother, who also wanted to develop, took the web-dev course, but at Wyncode. So here's my perspective on both, no strings attached. Ironhack's taught me how to be more comfortable with computers, code, and manage software and its architecture. It gave me a chance to really sit down with technology and learn the in's and outs, talk the talk but also walk the walk...Of course, every web-dev program will (hopefully) do that. The caveat is the people. The people here at Ironhack are phenomenal. From the lead instructor Nizar, to the wonderful ladies who tidy up the place when they need to; it was all wonderful. At first, my biggest fear was having this program be more oriented around business than the actual 'learning' part of everything. Kind of something like where you walk in, they teach you for 9 weeks and thats it, just a ""good luck! goodbye!"" That fear was immediately laid to rest when I met the team. If we are talking just culture, not even considering quality of the education, Ironhack has it down pat. These people truly care for you, and your future, as if your fate was their own. I have seen many of them go beyond their 'work' requirements to help a student in need; whether that be staying late to clear up some confusions for students or at times carpooling to a networking event. The Ironhack team is a team of focused, determined, and compassionate individuals who will get you to where you want to be, in your career. Now, lets talk about the education. Nizar is the lead instructor here, and was the main instructor in my course. The man is brilliant. Extremely patient with students, gives you room to fail and make your own mistakes when you need to but also catches you when you're going to fall too deep. The course itself is really well built, you pretty much have a couple hours of lecture everyday where they introduce you to the new material, followed by a pair-programming exercise and a do-alone exercise. We were also the first cohort where they introduced two other main projects to, whereas before you only had one final project that you had to present and demo for your graduation. This was one aspect that I feel Ironhack really excelled in. These first two projects really taught me a lot, not only about the actual code but also things like time management, soft skills and working with others, asking for help, etc that a lot of other courses didn't get to fully experience. Nizar does a phenomenal job taking care of his staff + students, and the quality of education really reflects that.Now, what about finding a job? They have a placement manager here, Brito, who's job is to connect you to companies who are looking to hire developers, and kind of get the ball rolling... Daniel Brito is one of Ironhack's greatest commodities, because he knows everyone in Miami and will go to extreme lengths to putting you in touch with the right person/company.This guy could sell water to a ski-boat if he wanted to. He pushes you to be just like him, a go-getter. He willl call you non-stop to make sure you sent the right email, he will chase you down to make sure you applied for the right company and he will give you the necessary butt whooping if needed. The guy has experience, has been in the tech business for some time, and is super well connected and has those relationships that are really necessary when looking for employment in the tech-industry. Plus, he's funny as hell. In the end, my brother needed to go back and re-learn a bunch of the material after his graduation. Till today, he calls me and asks for help and an extra pair of eyes for his code. And we took two different courses, almost simultaneously. All in all, Ironhack has a top of the line team with top of the line skills, and anyone who walks into the building can tell the second they walk in. It has changed my life and the way I look at it, completely. I will forever be in-debted to some of the people here that were so patient and took their time with me. I will never be the same, ever again.Read Less",ironhack
"Iron hack was an excellent experience for me, the most important thing I gained was the high level understanding of development and the current technologies that exist within web development. Now if I hear a client say they need xyz I automatically understand... Read More what tools could provide them with a solution. When I look at a website I understand the components that make up that website. The instructors are extremely patient, the T.A.s are very helpful and the staff in general (including one of the co-founders who could be seen there regularly) make you feel very much like you are part of the Iron Hack family. This school is effectively filling in the gap in an industry that badly needs it. While many online courses will teach you syntax and many college courses will teach you theory, at Iron Hack you will gain the practical skills necessary to enter today’s workplace and build a portfolio of your work.One of the most valuable parts of Iron Hack is the Placements Manager Daniel Brito and the services he provides. These services go beyond job placement, you will learn how to become part of the South Florida tech ecosystem (which I didn’t know existed before this course) which is essential in the development of your career. Here you will meet other developers, business owners, marketers and entrepreneurs. A word of advice for people who want to take this course however: you need to learn more than just coding syntax prior to entering the course if you want to really take advantage of everything it has to offer. Prior to taking the course you should be able to solve problems using programming (javascript would be great but if you can do it in any other language it will be extremely helpful since you already understand the logic behind problem solving using code). Don't take this course just because you heard you can get a good paying job as a developer, take it if you like to learn about programming and you enjoy spending hours doing it. Also, be prepared for very long days, as they say, “it’s a marathon, not a sprint.”Read Less",ironhack
"I’m a civil engineer with great interest in learning new technology and I made a total professional reconversion as web developer doing Ironhack, in Summer 2014 in Barcelona.Ironhack is an intensive 8 week Bootcamp where we developed different skills... Read More based on front-end and back-end technologies (HTML5, CSS3, Javascript, Ruby, Rails, git, TDD, agile methods).Ironhack allow me to find a job as web developer quickly and this was the most important for me.The most interesting for me was that the teacher are profesional. They come from Spotify, Ebay and Xing and they teach us how to code, but also how to do a job interview, how they work, some tricks they use all the day.It has been also very important for me, that they teach me how to test code and agile methodologies.The staff has been a very big support for me. It was composed by the TA's(Teacher assistant), the bootcamp manager and the funder (Gonzalo). They help me a lot to improve my professional profile and making it attractive for the IT ecosystem.In terms of installation, they was pretty good. The bootcamp was based in a Co-working space. Right now in Barcelona, the bootcamp is based in the Ironhack space, and it's amazing space.Read Less",ironhack
"Moving down to Miami from New York was one of the best decisions I’ve made in my life, however I completely underestimated the job market and I definitely would not be where I am today if I had not enrolled in Ironhack. After researching and getting admitted... Read More to the Web Development bootcamp, I immediately felt as though I was kickstarting my life. A full emersion environment with like minded individuals who all want your best interest was more than anything I had been exposed to before. Having studied Systems Engineering for 5 years at GWU, I had never received the attention and passion that Ironhack provided me with. The instructors as well as the TA were extremely helpful and willing to go over any bit of information that I was confused on, stuck on, or wanted to learn more about. I never thought that in 8 weeks I would fully develop a new skill, and learn multiple new programming languages and be able to single handedly create a full functioning web application. This is something that made me a more desirable candidate in conjunction with my data analytics and system engineering background. The journey only begun there, however. The staff at Ironhack has somehow figured out a way to make each and every student feel as though they are the number one priority. Whether it was one-on-ones throughout the course to just check on your status and how you’re feeling, all the way to standing strong with me when I was ready to give up multiple times in finding the correct job for me. Daniel Brito specifically refused to let me give in to my doubts on finding the job culture fit for me. Although Ironhack was amazing with placing students in positions, I wanted THE position – the ultimate job, and I refused to settle on anything less than that. I have never met anyone who has more connections in a city than Brito, and it was almost humorous to me how almost every job I interviewed for, someone knew him and always in a positive light, which only made me have more faith. Ultimately when I began restructuring my job search, it was single handedly the fact that my resume was in the hands of the right people at the right places that I was able to get the opportunities that I did. And, I would not have had that advantage if I didn’t do Ironhack and have Daniel Brito as a career coach. Having finally started the next steps in my career at a well known fashion e-commerce company, I finally feel that I am in the environment right for me with the co-workers who can help me in growing with the company and excel in my role. And as it turns out, I got the interview since my boss had my resume on file from one of his best friends, Daniel Brito, and the with the right knowledge base and personality, I was able to secure the position. I could not have asked for a better job placement experience, and I can say that I legitimately owe it to Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"I was a part of the first cohort for UX/UI Design in Miami. It was only 8 of us in the class each from different corners of life. I got interviewed by Alia a couple of months before starting the course. Alia is like the gatekeeper of Ironhack you'll most... Read More likely meet her first through the interview process and she'll help you prepare and to be ready for your first day of class. One thing I'll point out is the IronHack staff all work and blend together so well it's like they were crafted precisely to work together. It's pretty inspiring to see that, it really shows the passion they have for their job. On my first day, I knew the decision to go to Ironhack would be the beginning of something new. Though a lot of the work and change has to come from oneself.The first instructor to get us going was Jacqueline and the best person for the job to introduce us to user research. She was a force of positivity and encouragement in the class. I really appreciated that. Joel another instructor had such a way of keeping one curious kept me always wanting more. Mr. Marcelo the instructor who came in after Jacqueline an amazing designer. All his vast amount of knowledge was golden. Josh our final instructor for the Front-end proportion of the course probably with highest difficulty part of the class but, still he helped us make it through, made it enjoyable, and fascinating overall. The classroom environment is really open and if one feels like they won't be able on the level with everyone else that shouldn't be a concern. All the students come from different backgrounds in a way that really adds to the experience overall and benefits all the students. The course is designed in a way to be accessible to all, but it is a large amount of information to squeeze into a small time frame. There were times throughout the course I felt one week feels like two weeks in one. It's partly due to the amount of information one absorbed in a small amount of time. One really has to be fully committed to doing this. Overall the people in the class helps one stay motivated and encourages everyone to really push oneself and keep going. The person to oversee everything in our class was Alida she made sure the class and everyone was on track all the way to career week. The preparation to career week can be a stressful time but the person to help you through it is Daniel Brito he is your cheerleader, advisor, mentor, best friend, and sensei all in one. It all ends with the Hackshow where everyone is put to the test and show's their final project to the tech community and is to judge. The journey does not end with Ironhack though, one has to continue learning once competition of the course. One shouldn't expect to master everything at their time at Ironhack it's all a process and like I mentioned it before a lot of the change has to come from oneself.Overall Ironhack really has opened the door to the tech community for me. A month and a half after Ironhack I started an internship as a UX designer at a digital agency located in Wynwood. It was intimidating at first, but eventually, it'll all come together. Am I a Ux experts now? No, but, I'm a step closer. If I had the chance to do it all over would I? Of course!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack gave me the confidence to build a tech startup after not being in technology at all. The course was very difficult but that is what it takes to be successful. However, there was help at every step of the way from admissions to the final hack... Read More show to job assistance. I would recommend anybody to join the Ironhack team.Read Less",ironhack
"The Iron hack UX/UI cohort was a great experience and I would recommend this coding bootcamp to anyone that want to push themselves to achieve invaluable skills in a condensed learning environment. The most important skill I learn at Iron Hack was the... Read More visual and graphic design tools and point of views that that i was introduced too. I learned the important relationship between art, creativity, style, and the internet. The instructors were both very helpful and informative during the learning process, bringing two different perspectives and professional focuses that were all one in the same sharing equal importance in the UX/UI field. The environment and staff that is provided by Iron Hack creates an ideal learning and thought provoking atmosphere. Upon graduating from Iron Hack I began interning with a fitness/tech start-up based in Florida. This bootcamp has had a positive impact on my career and I would say if you’re thinking about it go for it.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the first co-hort of the UX/UI Design Bootcamp at Ironhack from October to December 2016 in Miami. Joining the UX/UI bootcamp at Ironhack was the best decision I could have made. If you are thinking of doing it, I would totally recommend it!... Read MoreI became interested in coding and UX design after attending the Women’s Code Weekend where we learned basic front-end development. From that event, I fell in love with coding and Ironhack’s staff. From the founder (Ariel) to all the staff, you can tell they enjoy working there. So there was no hesitation that this would be the best coding school option for me. After that event, I attended a couple of introductory events and an open house event were admissions (Alia) was able to help me make the right decision.The co-working space (building.co), where Ironhack is located, is an amazing space that also hosts Tech startups. They host events that you can attend and this helps you become part of the Miami tech community. Also, Jenny, the co-working space manager, is amazing! Before starting classes, we had a week of pre-work to get started with the basics of design. My class was a small class (8 students) so we received very personalized attention. My classmates came from very different backgrounds and we all had different strengths which was nice. We had two amazing instructors (Jackie and Marcelo) that each have over 15+ of experience. During the bootcamp, we had lectures during the morning and hands on practice during the evenings, which in my opinion is a great way of learning. I think the curriculum was very thorough. And also it is nice that every other week you have a one-on-one meeting with the staff to make sure you are doing OK. Alida, the operations manager,was there with us to make sure everything ran smoothly. Wednesdays were my favorite day, because we had guest speakers who had years of experience in UX Design. Through the bootcamp, I was able to make great connections and to meet a lot of people involved in the tech and startup community. We had one week of front-end development (more specifically HTML5 and CSS3) which I wish we had more! Josh was an amazing instructor. We had a career week, which was a great experience. Daniel Brito did an amazing job bringing companies to interview for UX design positions and preparing us for these interviews. After this I received a couple of offers and at the end landed a great job at Visa. Now I am looking forward to having the time in the future to join their Web Development Bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"I first heard about Ironhack from working in the coworking space where it is headquartered. I would see the students in the classroom from sun up until sun down with terminals and web browsers open, furiously typing away at their keyboard. I'd dabbled... Read More with learning how to code in the past through sites like Codeacademy and Udacity without much success, but working a full-time job meant I couldn't sign up for the course even if I wanted to. A month or so after telling myself it just wasn't meant to be, I received news that Ironhack was introducing a six month part-time course for the first time ever. I proceeded to look at the time commitment involved. Tuesday and Thursday nights and half of my Saturday for six months? I could totally swing that. Again, the money wasn’t an insignificant issue, but how many more times would I be telling myself “Maybe next time”? How much longer could I go about seeing the developers at work go about their ways and find myself regretting not having pursued this endeavor years ago? How would I feel seeing the students in the program presenting their projects six months from now and knowing I could have been a part of it?I submitted my application and was contacted by Alia, Ironhack Miami’s awesome Marketing &amp; Community Manager, to schedule an interview. We spoke that same day, where I told her my reasons for applying for the program and how it would help me grow as a professional and as a person. To potential applicants, think of it less as an interview and more as a conversation.After that, I scheduled my time for the second stage of the application process, the technical interview. Alia sent me an email with links to the material I would have to study, and when I wasn’t at work, I had my head down focusing on absorbing as much of the content as possible. When the day of the interview came, I would be lying if I said I wasn’t incredibly nervous about what task I would be assigned.Nizar quickly proved that all of my fears were for naught. He walked me through the steps required to complete the task and offered to help if at any time I became confused, frustrated, or just hopelessly lost. Luckily, it didn’t come to that due to the thoroughness of the study materials, but it says a lot about the quality of a program when its instructors understand how intimidating this part of the process can be. I won’t describe the nature of the practical interview for the sake of keeping it fair for future applicants, but trust me when I say that the Ironhack team will give you all the preparation you’ll need.I received my acceptance email the next morning and immediately paid my deposit so I knew it was real. A few days later, I received access to the platform I’d be using to complete the pre-work and some information on Day 0, the unofficial first day of the program.The pre-work was challenging but presented at a pace that helped facilitate learning of the early fundamental concepts. This allowed me to walk into the class the first day and follow along with the coursework we were presented with. The teaching sytle was incredibly hands on, a combination of lectures and practical exercise to solidify what we'd learned that day. The instructor and TAs were always available to answer any questions in a matter that further helped facilitate learning - instead of providing a direct answer, they would ask questions themselves and guide you to think of an appropriate solution. The learning platform was available 24/7 with all of the lectures and exercises covered in class to help get as much practice as necessary. The course did reach a level of difficulty that had me wondering at times whether I was meant to pursue this path, but the Ironhack staff consistently encouraged us to keep pushing forward one day at a time, all the way until it came time to work on our final project. That's where all of the topics we'd covered over the past few months accumulated into one concentrated effort - we were able to achieve things we'd never before imagined possible with code, bolstered by the support of the instructors, the mentors we were provided with, and each other. It was at this point that I also realized how strong of a bond I had made with my fellow classmates - we were always willing to help one another with any tricky issues that would come up and celebrated each other's success. The Hack Show served as a celebration of all the work we'd put in, where we each showed the collective product of our effort to a huge audience made up of friends, family, and members of the Miami tech community. I actually ended up winning the show with my project which was a huge surprise and sense of joy, but the overall purpose of the evening is to be proud of what we've done, not to chase a prize. The connections made throughout the program are nothing short of phenomenal. Daniel Brito is a veritable juggernaut at getting students to push themselves as hard as possible and matching them with phenomenal web development job opportunities. We were also connected to hundreds of other members of the tech community through various Slack channels we were invited to, only helping to further foster the sense of belonging. We entered the program as outsiders and left as essential parts of the Miami tech community as a whole. If you have any doubts at all about going through Ironhack, I'd strongly encourage you to experience it. It's a life-changing opportunity that some people could only dream of.Read Less",ironhack
"Where do I start? Let's see.. I was a creative millennial 5 years deep into a dead-end executive recruiting career . The cubicle life (with the added pressure from the sales position I was in) was something that literally ruining my health. I've always... Read More been more of a creative, artistic type of person so the 'old fashioned' corporate environment was something that was hard to adjust to and, quite frankly, seemed outdated. My passion for creativity has led me from quitting my recruiting career to enrolling and completing IronHack’s 1st ever UI/UX Design cohort in Miami this past December. I found out about Ironhack through my Tech Recruiting network and my life has drastically changed for the better. My UX cohort at Ironhack was one of the best things for me, partly because I was introduced to a small group of like-minded people who all wanted to have a career in the tech world. Every single person on the staff is amazing and thanks to people like Alia and Alli, (two people I interacted with on a daily basis) the environment felt genuinely warm from the very beginning. For 3 months I went to class and learned how to become a UX Designer. I used Ironhack's facilities, met awesome classmates, ate plenty of free food, and partied plenty during the long weeks of learning UX Design. Not once did I dread going to class, because I was learning something that was more inline with my skill set. The instructors Jacqueline and Marcelo were absolutely amazing and made sure to spend extra time with everyone individually to make sure they were up to speed. I cant say enough about how well the curriculum was put together. I know it is very possible to learn coding and even UX Design on your own, but no amount of studying is going to introduce you to the network of of Developers and Designers that Ironhack has to me - and that I give a lot of credit to Daniel Brito, the Placements Manager at Ironhack. He's the one who not only finds our instructors, but he works his butt off to find you a job once you have graduated. Like seriously the dude loses sleep because he grinds so hard working with CEO's, Sr. Developers, and other Sr. members of the tech community JUST TO MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A JOB. My professors and instructors were leading Sr. UX Designers in the industry who have not only helped me in the classroom, but also to this very day, well after graduation. They were awesome and really great job giving you information from experiences that researching Google could'tSo if you are worried about taking that leap and being able to find work , rest easy knowing that there are people like Daniel Brito who have your back.After completing Ironhack it took about 30 days to find a job making double what I was making before, with none of the stress. I do admit I was blessed, obviously every story doesn't have a happy ending. But I do know I would not have been able to make the strides or the money that I'm making now if it were not for Ironhack. I encourage anyone who is having second thoughts or who is afraid to take that leap into the tech community check out Ironhack. Theres too many people in your corner for you to fail.Read Less",ironhack
"I came from Puerto Rico, working a boring 9 to 5 job as a customer service agent and decided it was time for a change to do something that will make me happy so I moved to miami just to do the very first ux cohort and after about a month a landed my first... Read More internship at a start up company called blongg right in the same building. The staff is very helpful and they push you and motivate you everyday to make sure you are getting the material. You learn valubale design and research skills. Joining ironhack was the best decision i made!! And completely changed my life and i am forever grateful!!Read Less",ironhack
"I loved everything about IronHack, the facilities, the location, the materials learned and especially the teachers/staff. Jackie and Marcelo taught us everything they knew. We were able to form meaningful bonds over the time of the cohort which grew from... Read More a teacher/student relationship into a beautiful friendship and mentorship. Everyone in the industry spoke wonders of them and it was an amazing experience learning from some of the top talent in the industry. I truly felt like this was a once in a lifetime experience. The staff at IronHack always went above and beyond what was expected. It is a rare chance to see such a well functioning team. You can tell each and every staff member loves what they do and are so happy. That was not always my experience. Having people doing what they love makes all the difference. They never missed a beat AND in the rare occasions where there was a hiccup, they remedied the situation almost immediately. The classroom environment was a very pleasant learning environment. What I loved most was how everyone came in with such different professional backgrounds. It was a very collaborative learning environment and not competitive. We all had the same goals which was to learn the material so it was nice to see such a supportive environment amongst the students. Months later, and I am still so happy that I joined this cohort and learned all these valuable skills. I am currently in my first semester at MBA school and I feel that this has given me such a unique skill set that definitely sets me apart from my peers. It has come so much in handy in all my classes as technology is such a key part of all business industries. I would never take back this experience and am so happy I found IronHack!Read Less",ironhack
"In the beginning, I had my doubts about it all: being able to code fully-functional websites and web applications in 8-weeks? Nah, man, that's impossible. However, the proof may be in the testimonials or the successful graduates that got jobs. That may... Read More be big selling points. However, for me, the biggest selling point was the staff and my cohort.There was never a day in my rigorous 8-week long tenure at Ironhack that I didn't feel like I was among family. In fact, there were often times where I would stay after hours, not only to keep pounding the keyboard but also to bond with these people. There was a ""hidden"" feature that I had no idea about: how despite going through one of the most challenging, life-changing experiences of your life you will also come out with an extended family out of it. And I dare say, I owe my success at Ironhack, in huge part, to the dedicated, kind, and thoughtful staff as well as my dear cohort who to this day are still part of my crew.There are countless reviews that attest to the effectiveness of the boot-camp (the pros and cons about it all). Even though not one experience is the same, I could easily identify myself with many of the major points in the reviews you'll find here--with the obvious exception of the personal parts.However, I cannot stress enough how crucial the people there were to my successful graduation. There are always there for you, whether it's for help on your coding exercises, or even when you just need a friend there. I can't find a way to say it without getting any mushier that I've already gotten, but I felt I was home. Similar to many other success stories, I got hired! However, not as a coder... I was hired as an IT Recruiter. Although it doesn't directly align with coding I wouldn't have gotten the job if I didn't have the technical background and tech-savvy that Ironhack equipped me with. That's right, folks! You don't have to become a programmer to put your knowledge from Ironhack to great use. SHOUT-OUT to Dan Brito, placement manager at Ironhack and dear friend, and the rest of the Ironhack team (Ariel, Alia, Nizar, Nick, Marisa, Josh) for being there through every single step of the way to getting hired. From my very first day at Ironhack, to that fateful day I received my offer letter.That's only but a minuscule taste of what Ironhack has to offer, though. If you do decide to join Ironhack, just make sure that you practice a little coding before you go into it. Codecademy, or FreeCodeCamp are you best friends for that. Of course, it wouldn't hurt not minding the addition a few, actually several, people to your family!Read Less",ironhack
"I recently graduated from Ironhack's first UX/UI cohort in Miami. It was a life-changing and wonderful experience, which has already helped me transition into the tech world as a UX research analyst and designer. They don't call this a bootcamp for nothing:... Read More a LOT of material is covered in the eight weeks of coursework! There is a tremendous amount of information to absorb, perhaps too much, but the material is accessible even to complete non-techies like myself as long as students are willing to commit the time to study and work hard outside of class. Here in Miami our course was taught by two main lecturers who are both seasoned in their work and inspiring. In my opinion, studying alongside these experts in the field and being able to ask them questions as we progressed through the course material was what made Ironhack such a valuable experience. Jacqueline Stetson Pastore and Marcelo Paiva were wonderful teachers and continue to be mentors who are available to all members of our cohort. In addition to the incredible instruction, I was blown away by Ironhack's staff: each person who I came into contact with at Ironhack is intelligent, helpful, trustworthy, and genuinely concerned with empowering their students to change their lives. Our UX/UI teaching assistant Alida Gagliuffi kept the group (and, when necessary, the teachers!) on track to ensure that we kept up with the demanding curriculum, and the Placements Manager Daniel Brito worked tirelessly to connect Ironhack students with employers in the community who had UX/UI needs. The final ""career"" week of the Ironhack bootcamp culminated in a job fair on campus where 7 students interviewed with 10 companies. To me, that alone was worth the bootcamp's expense! All in all, I had a great time at Ironhack. I am thrilled to be embarking on a career in web product research and design and I feel well prepared to begin that work after studying with Jacqueline and Marcelo. The only aspect of the course that I did not like was the pressure to participate in a public hackshow after the course had already ended. I felt that the public hackshow pitted students against each other and disrupted the supportive (almost family-like) dynamic that had been in existence up until that moment. Ending the bootcamp on that note seemed much more about Ironhack publicity in the community than it did about students' actual projects and work.Read Less",ironhack
"It was December 4, 2015, when I heard the bad news: the public relations agency where I was working at suddenly went into bankruptcy and hundreds of people, including me, were laid off. Yes, this kind of things happens very often and when people lose... Read More their jobs they simply look for a different one. However, my situation was a little different as working at this company had been my dream.So, here I was on January 2016 looking for a “new dream”, one that could not be torn apart so easily and big enough to keep me motivated. I wanted to take this setback in my professional career and turn it into an opportunity to grow. I have always enjoyed solving problems as well as trying to understand how the technologies that have marked our lives nowadays work. It was at this moment that I realized that I could make an interesting mix with these two ingredients by learning how to code.I started looking online for possible ways to get into coding and that’s how I found out about Ironhack. I read excellent reviews about their programs, instructors, staff members and facilities, which motivated me to visit their campus in Miami. I was welcomed by Alia (Admissions), who kindly explained me everything about their coding school. At some point, after being amazed by her charisma, I even thought that Ironhack was too good to be true — Was it possible to learn how to code and launch a web application after only 8 weeks? Were their graduates really landing cool jobs with competitive salaries in the tech industry? I honestly was skeptic about it.That day I also met Ariel (Co-Founder), who shared with me his vision and explained how he, coming from a family of educators, wanted to change the world of education. It was something that I had never heard before.My visit continued with a tour around the facility and then I spent a few minutes talking to some of the students. It caught my attention that there were many students from different backgrounds and even different countries, including India! Why would someone from the other side of the world come to Ironhack to learn how to code? Maybe the reviews were true, maybe they knew what they were doing.And that’s when something inside me said that I should give this a try. I was already aware that as part of the admission process first I needed to do a general interview and then a technical interview. Of course, I spoke with Alia for more than an hour, enough to come to the conclusion that my personality was “ideal to handle the intensity of the bootcamp”. That only left me with the technical interview before I could be considered for a seat in the March 2016 cohort. We scheduled my technical interview with Nizar (Head Instructor) for the following week and then I left Ironhack with the feeling that I had done the right thing.Alia had sent me an e-mail with the material that was going to be covered during my technical interview. During that week, I spent at least 6 hours a day going over the JavaScript concepts and exercises. I must say that this was the first moment that I felt overwhelmed about programming. There were some concepts hard to understand and some exercises that I didn’t even know how to initially approach. And then the day of my technical interview finally came and I felt that I wasn’t ready. I was parked outside the school, debating if I should really do it or not — “What if I suck?”, “I don’t want to embarrass myself”, “Maybe I should just go home” — Unbelievable, what was I thinking and since when I was so weak? I was about to give up on this without even trying. No, no, no, I took a deep breath and walked in to finish what I had started.Nizar, who by the way is very fluent in English and Spanish, explained me the format of the technical interview: I had to solve a coding challenge with 5 iterations and I was allowed to use my notes, but there was a time cap (I don’t remember if it was 15 or 30 minutes). While I was working on the challenge, I realized that I knew more than what I thought. I was able to finish the first 4 iterations before I ran out of time. Yes, it was challenging, but it wasn’t that bad. Nizar reviewed my solution and gave me good feedback. I could felt right away that he had the vocation of teaching.A few days later, I got an e-mail from Ironhack, where they said that they had reviewed my application and decided to accept me for their next cohort. Wooohooo!!! That was a small victory after being so close of simply rejecting this opportunity. Once accepted, I paid the tuition, got access to their online student platform and was sent the pre-work material. The pre-work is a module composed of four parts that covers the basics of Ruby, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. As expected, in many occasions I found myself stuck with some of the exercises, but Ironhack was always available to do Google hangouts to go over my questions. This is when I met Josh (Teaching Assistant), who I knew was part of the first cohort in Miami and was now teaching others how to code. Josh, like Nizar, showed me his commitment as an educator.I finished the pre-work during Week 0 and then we kicked off the bootcamp with Week 1. I truly loved the layout of the program and most importantly I always felt that I was surrounded by great and smart people, always willing to help me and with such an incredible amount of patience, including my classmates. Learning how to code is not easy, but when you are in an environment like this one, it makes the process very enjoyable.By Week 2, we weren’t a group of strangers anymore, we were more like a family immersed in this new cool world. When we were not coding, we were talking about coding and in some cases listening even more about coding from other experts as every week Ironhack brought in speakers (senior developers, CTOs and CEOs) to give us insightful information about the tech scene in Miami.Our regular schedule was from 9 am to 6 pm, but I don’t remember spending less than 10 hours at Ironhack every day. I didn’t know I was going to love coding this much. At the beginning, I was skeptic about what Ironhack was capable of doing, and now I was experimenting it. In 8 weeks, I learned how to code and I also built my first web application, but most importantly, I learned how to learn. Being a developer means that you will never stop learning and Ironhack gave me the tools to keep doing this on my own.We concluded our cohort with a Hackshow, where everyone presented their web applications in front of 180+ people. This was a great way to celebrate our efforts and achievements, and a perfect opportunity to network as in a few days we were going to be in the job market as Jr. Developers.And when it comes to job market, Ironhack has another killer player: Daniel Brito (Placements Manager), who is not Romero Britto’s cousin but still does cool things. Daniel helped us with our resumes and online presence, he prepared us for our future interviews and introduced us to many employers. Some of my classmates got job offers right away, and some others, like me, took a little longer. Daniel always kept me accountable and motivated to never give up. His phone was available 24/7, I called him several times late at night and even weekends looking for feedback and he always picked up the phone. You can surely tell that he loves his job, which is helping others in their quest of success.I now have a job where I use technology to solve problems, where I’m constantly learning, and which has allowed me to improve my quality of life.Ironhack is not only a bootcamp, it’s a life-changing experience and a family that will always be there for you. It was through Ironhack that I discovered this passion and set a new dream for my professional career.I will never forget that deep breath I took before my technical interview.Read Less",ironhack
"I had a great experience at Ironhack. I wouldn't have changed a thing. The course was rigorous, but we also found time to enjoy ourselves. The whole cohort became very close very quickly and I graduated with many new friends. Ironhack gave me a great... Read More foundation and facilitated my first position at a real web dev company. What you get out of the course depends on how much you put into it. It is not an easy stroll through the park. To truly maximize your experience you have to be willing to put in long hours and you should know that you will hit walls of frustration that'll test your determination. The instructors are great and very helpful, but they will let you hit these walls and push you to be self-reliant in figuring out the problem. The balance of helpfulness and self-reliance prepared me well for my first gig in development. Programming takes years to learn and no bootcamp can condense that learning into a few months! Having said the, I believe Ironhack was a great launching pad for my career in tech.Read Less",ironhack
"My intention in coming to ironhack was to accelerate my capacity in understanding code - development procesess. I would definitely say that Ironhack has helped me accomplish that. What I like the most is that wether you are aware or not, the course has... Read More it's own pace that will naturally help you tacke each and one of the challenges at hand.On top of that, add that you have a dedicated team of experts helping you everytime you're on class. Not just from the teachers in your course but from everyone in the building. Also, Ariel, founder of IH is in constant communication with everyone in the team which is great. All the staff is pretty attentive and willing to help.This was definitely a challenge but it has definitely paid off, I've already applied most of my learnings in my day to day work / as well as generated some free-lance clients that have given me the opportunity to try put my new learned skills to the test. Last but not least, Ironhack is truly a community, after graduation I still talk to my class members and from time to time to other Ironhack Members. It's up to you to keep communication and involvement in the scene but if you're up to it there is so much potential in networking and getting aid/support for anything.Read Less",ironhack
"Hello IronHackers is Unai Camino.First of all thanks for the bootcamp, because is opening so many doors for me.I would like to express how I felt during the bootcamp.In the prework I got basic knowledge about Ruby and Javascript, but in my opinion I would... Read More suggest to study more lessons about Ruby and a bit deeper in Javascript.During the six weeks studying Ruby on Rails, Javascript, HTML and CSS, I was so happy and motivated. I have nothing negative to say about it. The teachers were so good, seriously all the different teachers were very professional and they knew how to impact the classes and also help when I needed it, they were available after classes and even now. Whenever I needed something they replied. I give them a 10.Also the material and the structure of the bootcamp in my opnion was perfect. To be honest it was the best course I’ve done.  The final project helped me to put into practice everything I’ve learnt. Alfonso and Alex were very willing to help even using Slack. To be honest I am very pleased for being part of IronHack. Two weeks after finishing the bootcamp I got my first formal offer, now I am getting more opportunities and I can choose in which company I want to work.I would like to explain and give a few advise to the next IronHacker generation:I think is very important to do the prework with one month in advantge to get a solid knowledge of what you are going to study.During the bootcamp I worked 12h/day weekend included and I would suggest study 14h/day. Seriously IronHack is just 8 weeks, and this is nothing, so it’s important to put in the hard work. The more you work the more you get it.To make a good final project is very important to solid your knowledge, make a plan for it, ask teacher for advise and think about it before starting, think, think and think.After bootcamp I came to London, I firmly recommended to go outside Spain, the good offers are here UK, Holland, Germany…. What I did to get a job, I download a list of all startup in London and I applied to them through emails to get interviews and test, didn’t stop until I got response. The same as the bootcamp 12h/ day sending emails, replying them, doing interviews…….Get a plan and follow it through, if your planning doesn’t work change it, but continue with confidence in yourself until you get it.My last point, companies know your level they don’t expect too much from you, what they want is motivation. show them your passion about programming and be very thankfull with them in every moment, that’s what worked for me and I think is the best approach.My best wishes IronHackersWork hard, Play hardRead Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is the best decision I ever made on my life. If you would like to become a Web Developer, Ironhack is the place to go. It doesn't matter what is your coding experience, teachers and TAs will teach you what you need, and even more. They are always... Read More willing to help, even when the class hours has passed. Nizar Khalife and Josh Alexy are amazing! I learned so much from them, they have so much patience and experience that will make it easy for you even when you feel overwhelmed.Thanks to the Ironhack's staff I felt very comfortable with the course, they were always aware of any concern I had. Not only teachers are working full time with you, Ironhack's staff will guide you since day 1: How to build a Resume, Social media, how to be prepared for interviews, etc . I would like to thanks to the Ironhack team for changing my life,for help me to get a job (Daniel Brito does an excellent job for helping you on that process, he gave me a lot of advise to be prepared for an interview).Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack was more than just learning to code. I was supported by professors and fellow students that wanted to help each other succeed. Through the complexity of a skill like coding, we learned to work together to make it to the end. These team building... Read More and management skills have played a larger part in my professional career than learning the fundamentals of programming. I was able to not only learn in a manner I never thought possible but it was rewarding to actually achieve what I set out to do. I am thankful for what Ironhack has provided to my professional career as well as the friends I have made along the way.Read Less",ironhack
"It's difficult to explain what Ironhack is, you have to do it! They can tell you about the 6 weeks of classes and about the 2 weeks working 24/7 on your final project. But only by doing it you realize what it means and the opportunities that it will open... Read More for you. It's important to say that you need to work on it.I came to Ironhack with some previous experience coding. Before that, I was working for a marketing agency as an intern creating web layouts, I was tired of always doing the same and because of the low salaries I decided to quit and explore other educational options. After much searching I found Ironhack. It sounded challenging but I decided to apply.Ironhack is not an introductory course, but neither is a specialization one. It's kind of what you want it to be. I would have to say two very important things: you need to love what you're doing and you need to have some previous experience. Frustration moments are inevitable during the bootcamp, but it is important to overcome them and take it with humor (something that I certainly did during these 8 weeks).Of course, this is not something to try to discourage prospective students. On the contrary, if you like this world, doing the Ironhack is probably one of the best decisions you can ever take.Ironhack do not guarantee you a job, but definitely it will help you finding it. During the Hiring Week you will have many interviews with different companies. In my case I´m currently in three hiring process and I have already received one offer. It's important to say that it didn't came alone: you have to work a lot to achieve it.Read Less",ironhack
"""Every kid is one caring adult away from being a success story"" - Josh ShippImagine what you can do with an entire company of caring adults at Ironhack.First off coding isn't for everyone. I don't believe ""everyone should learn to code"". I knew I wanted... Read More to code for a living so a bootcamp was the right choice for me. College is also not for everyone, but if you want to learn to code (even if you are in college) a bootcamp should be mandatory!Ironhack wasn't the only bootcamp I applied to, but it was the only one that I felt I was talking to people who weren't just clocking in like the other bootcamps. From my first interview I loved the staff at Ironhack. They were people who treated me like a person not a prospective client. They helped me through the decision of which bootcamp was right for me, knowing it might not be with them! Thankfully for me it was.The downsides are: 1) 8 weeks is a really short amount of time, and there are some topics I think should have been covered.2) Miami is still finding itself as a tech hub, so competition for true junior developer positions is tough.That being said: Ironhack has a process that works. All you have to do is trust it and put in the work.Every person on the entire staff cares and does everything they can to assist. From the first interview to the job placement help they aren't just doing a job, they want to help you change your life. I am part of the Ironhack family for life and couldn’t be more proud of it.Read Less",ironhack
"I always wanted to learn how to code when a friend of mine talked to me about Ironhack. I had no idea what a bootcamp was so i decided to investigate a little bit. When I saw all the good reviews it had I thought it was the perfect time to go through... Read More it, and I wasn´t dissapointed at all. Now I turn my head back and realize the amount of stuff learned is just huge. In a couple of months I learnt how to build solid and complete web applications from 0, both back-end and front-end sides combining programming languages like ruby, javascript, HTML and CSS.I think enrolling Ironhack was one of the best choices I´ve made.I would highly recommend Ironhack to anyone who wants to learn about programming, beginner or not.Read Less",ironhack
"I ended up at Ironhack sort of by coincidence, and I am glad I did. I was considering many web development bootcamps and I hardly knew anyhting about the field at the time so I made an uninformed choice based on convenience and I chose Ironhack. Lucky... Read More for me, Ironhack turned out to be exactly what I hoped my web development bootcamp experience would be. There are other Bootcamps with bigger reputations, more prolific presence on the internet, or more famous graduates, but none will provide the educaitonal experience that Ironhack will. Don't be seduced by bold statistics or sexy names. IMO, smaller organizations care more about teaching you. Ironhack truly gives their students the opportunity to go 0-60. They do not expect or require students to come in with any knowledge of coding (which is why I went to a coding bootcamp in the first place, duh) and they don't let anyone fall behind. While other for-profit educational institutions allocate more of their resources to marketing, branding, and cultivating relationships with hiring partners, Ironhack focuses on giving their students the skills they need to succeed in their new career. I'm not saying hiring partners aren't important. But hiring partners won't matter much if your coding bootcamp doesn't teach you how to code at a professional level. Mine did. How about yours?Read Less",ironhack
"My name is Juan Luis and I have been involved in working with comics my whole life. I've worked in printing companies and as an old school graphic designer.The world is changing really fast and design changes even faster. Nowadays most of it is oriented... Read More to web, and I want to be part of that change.Among the existing options, I was searching for one that provides me an educational experience close to what the market is demanding, and I chose Ironhack.Frustration and fatigue are two big issues that you have to deal with during the whole bootcamp. It was really challenging because I haven't wrote a line of code before and I came from a very visual world. In this world, you need other approach to face the problems you find.Ironhack will not leave you indifferent. The immersion in the course is complete, there is a moment that you realize that your world moves only around Ironhack.For me, it has been a really enriching and powerful experience. I am very very satisfied and would not replace it with anything.I felt great by doing something which involved a continuos challenge. It really motivates me. And also, it required -and it will be unfair to forget it- a lot of moral support from my friends and family.Some good tips I'll recommend you to follow before the bootcamp: caffeine is your friend, get rid off past frustrations and preconceived ideas, add illusion and tons of patience.From a designer point of view it had been a really enriching to learn everything that involves a web design.Read Less",ironhack
"I had no idea about programming, but a strong eager to learn it, so recommended by a friend I joined Ironhack, and was definitively a great idea. Now I am able to develop a full project using several different languages in both parts, back and front end.... Read More If you are thinking in learn programming from zero, like me, I highly recommend you join Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"Enrolling Ironhack had been one of the hardest decisions of my life. I left my job, my city, my family and my comfort zone to face something totally new for me.Well, after finishing these 2 intense and crazy months, I can say it is an experience worth... Read More living. It takes you to the limit, both physically and mentally, but the level of satisfaction you reach is huge.Without any doubt one of the best things are your classmates. It's amazing how in such a short period of time they became your friends, confidants... people you want to have by your side the rest of your life. Together we have cried, laughed, got frustrated, felt great, but always together and supporting each other.It is specially good to discover how far you can go. Honestly, it is much further than you think at first. All of this thanks to the incredible teachers and the Ironhack team, who were always listening to our needs and tried to improve every day.For all of this I can say without hesitation that I will repeat the experience of making a bootcamp at Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"Joining Ironhack Barcelona was one of the best decisions of my life. I coded 12-14 hours per day, weekends included, and loved every second of it. I learned more during 2 months than in 5 years in university. The people were a big part of the experience... Read More being so fantastic - I was lucky to be able to study with 13 motivated peers, very inspiring and engaging teachers and helpful teaching assistants. As this is not always obvious in the male-dominated tech industry, it’s worth highlighting that during 2 months I didn’t think about my gender even once, since nobody ever gave me any weird comments or treated me differently for being female. During/after the bootcamp I received several offers for jobs and interviews in Barcelona, and got a new job in my home country. As I work as UX designer, I feel like the bootcamp has greatly improved my career, since I have now the capabilities to implement my own designs (at least front-end-wise) and the readiness to start to work as junior developer as well. I have also formed a clearer picture about all the development technologies out there, and know what to start learning next. I can highly recommend Ironhack to anyone who wants to work as a developer, or who needs better understanding about development for other reasons.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has been the most amazing educational experience. This was the best career decision I could have made. Ironhack was the best choice for entry and transition into the tech world. This comes from someone who graduated from college five months ago... Read More and didn’t have any background in programming. Like others I tried learning myself but it’s not as effective.I live in Virginia and could have chosen to attend General Assembly or Code Mojo, but the reviews and reputation were not nearly as good as Ironhack’s.My journey began when I started reading all these reviews and I couldn’t understand why a company would have consistently five stars. After my extensive online trolling, I decided to submit my email via the Ironhack website. Once submitted, Alia (Admissions) scheduled an interview and we spoke for over an hour on the phone. I was sold. Her personality, charisma is rarely found. Once I was finished interviewing with her, I spoke to Ariel (Co-founder), who was also incredibly charismatic and genuinely interested in how Ironhack could help me accomplish my educational and career goals. The third part of the interview process is with the Jedi Master: Nizar. I cannot emphasize enough how patient and compassionate he is. Nizar wants you to not only learn, but he wants you to succeed. I saw that in our first interview because I was incredibly nervous.Once accepted, I paid my deposit and was sent the pre-work. The pre-work is essential because if you have any questions or concerns, that is your time to ask. Ironhack will also do Google hangouts to help. You should also attend week 0 (before week 1 starts) to ask any questions. During the bootcamp, there were many times that took me longer to understand certain concepts. But Nizar,Josh (Assistant Instructor) and my classmates were always there to explain the concepts with such an incredible amount of patience. Most importantly, both Nizar and Josh never made me feel like I wasn’t good enough.In career terms, Daniel is your man (placements manager). He knows many tech companies and has several connections. Daniel will help you with your resume, and most importantly build your own brand, trust him he’s awesome.The way Ironhack has laid out the learning process is: weeks 1-6 is learning (go to the website to see the breakdown), 7 and 8 are to build your own web application, which to be honest: It was difficult, and stressful. But it was completely worth it. Everyone has to present their web app during the Hackshow which was so much fun! We had over 180+ people that came to see what my fellow students and I had created (good networking).Ironhack declines applicants for many reasons. So you have to take it seriously. You have to be willing to work hard. This bootcamp doesn’t stop and you have to be mentally prepared. There will be times that you may feel that you are not good enough, but that is completely normal because you are being overwhelmed with so much information. The good news is that everyone at Ironhack will be there to cheer you on, including your classmates (your new best friends).Even after finishing the bootcamp, I know there is so much to learn. Ironhack gave me the tools to learn on my own for my web development career.Just remember to trust the Ironhack process. They know what they are doing, and it works.Read Less",ironhack
"I really hate school. I have always liked learning and making things but the way that I was taught at school really deterred me from pursuing any of my interests. I tried for around a year to teach myself to code from videos on different sites like Udacity... Read More and similar ones. I felt that although I had gained a lot of individual abilities and skills, I still felt uncomfortable building a deployable and usable application. Even worse I felt that I would never feel comfortable applying for an actual job with my set of knowledge. I decided to join Ironhack and it was the best decision I have ever made. The facility is awesome and was a fantastic place to both work as well as cool down during breaks. The rest of the students were all pretty cool and smart for the most part which also made the experience even better. The course does not only teach coding. It also actively ensures that you connect to members of the local tech community. Furthermore, they help you write your resume, make your linkedin, lecture you on interviews, and do countless other things to make you more easily hireable. I have never felt so confident in getting a job in my life. However, the absolute best part of Ironhack to me was the staff. It was a bit of a family and every single person in it was just on another level of nice. Even more than nice though we were always laughing and joking and getting genuinely enthusiastic about programming. The owner of Ironhack Ariel was around a lot of the time and he is one of the most genuine and respectable people I have met. The staff all around were just great people and great teachers. I learned so much and feel like I am picking a job now as opposed to finding one. Even further, I feel confident to run my own applications and sites all by myself. As I said, I hate school but love Ironhack. They teach you to actually create things instead of blind learning. It feels like more of an arts and crafts class than a science. If you are not passionate about what you are doing right now you should sign up.Read Less",ironhack
"There are few things that can change your life completely; where you live, your significant other, your work, etc. For me, Ironhack was one of these things. Through all of the 20 hour days, hundreds of coffee’s and endless frustration, I became a programmer.... Read More The experience was one of the most difficult, but most rewarding of my life. I found a job the night of the Hackshow, and I am now working as a Growth Hacker for a consultancy based out of London, named Earlybird. I’m able to use the skills I’ve attained from Ironhack to code TwitterBots, and implement metric tracking tools. I’ve also been working with Dockbit, a deployment app built on rails, building the front-end for their metric displays. The teachers in the program are incredibly knowledgable, and have a way of making you believe that you’re able to do everything. Along with them, the students, and outside network of companies and entrepreneurs available to Ironhack, make for an incredibly community that I am proud to be a part of. Enrolling in Ironhack is one of the best decisions I’ve made in my life, and I hope it becomes yours too.Read Less",ironhack
"Four years ago I finished my architecture degree, with the luck of finishing just in time for the crisis, when it was impossible to find work. Since then I haven’t stopped working and studying: I enrolled at University again (law degree), studied German,... Read More I worked at Zara and I've been a teacher for a while. I've spent the last years lurching from one thing to another not finding my place. Six months ago, however, I heard about Ironhack by chance. During the course I haven’t just met amazing people, but also I learned more than what I thought it was possible in just two months.I had never heard of anything related with programming, and today I work in Cabify developing their mobile application. Thanks to Ironhack Hiring Week I found a job that I enjoy and something that I love. It has not been easy but definitely worth it.Read Less",ironhack
"I was a student in the 2016 Miami January-March Web Developer class.	The admission process is fairly thorough. I really like how the interviews give you a chance to experience what the course is going to be like. After the initial interview, you will... Read More receive a basic coding lesson to do on your own. I liked how short it was and at the same time challenging. The next interview is a technical interview with Nizar, the head instructor. At the interview I had to complete a coding challenge based on the lesson. 	This is similar to how the real course is. Each day begins with lectures and a handful of short coding exercises. The lessons are on the Ironhack servers so if you miss a day or need to go back to review you can do so wherever you are. In the afternoon, you will be given a task to complete relating to what you learned in the morning. It is a very hands on approach. You will learn how to code by coding. You will also be really good at learning how to learn to code (mind blown). Ex. It’s easy to Google a coding problem but it takes a little more skill to read and digest the solution. 	At any time during the lectures or afternoon exercises, Nizar, Josh (other instructor), and Karen (teaching assistant) will be around to answer any questions you may have. In addition the rest of the Ironhack staff will be around if you need to talk to them. Everybody is on Slack (communication app) so if they’re not around they will most likely be online. I like being able to look up from my laptop and get help right away.	In addition to learning how to code, you will also make friends and feel like part of the tech community. The classroom is on top floor of a shared workspace with 25 other companies. It’s really cool to see how other companies work and what they’re doing. I also like the monthly Pizza Friday. Everybody in the building gets to eat FREE pizza TOGETHER! There’s also a weekly newsletter about any tech meetups or events happening in South Florida.	For me, Ironhack was a way to get a career in the tech industry. Alida, who is charge of operations and growth, helped us with the career searching. I had my resume and LinkedIN redone to reflect the new skills I learned at Ironhack. It’s a process that lasts until you leave the course. At the end of the learning and coding portion, there’s a week of career building activities. Different companies will come in to interview you. I updated my resume and LinkedIN a few more times.	I feel really good about my skills and what I’m capable of coding. I’m also happy about all the friends I made in class and outside in the tech community. It’s an exciting time to be in the Miami tech industry.Read Less",ironhack
"I needed a change in my career. After working for 5 years in maintenance projects for a consultancy firm, the routine decreased my motivation. My experience at Ironhack was hugely satisfactory. Not only because of the enormous amout of technology I was... Read More able to learn in two months, but also because I felt the right attitude while doing it. In my opinion, this is very important. I still don't know how Ironhack accomplishes this, but it works. I obtained a level of motivation which I hope never ends! This is the greatest asset Ironhack gave me: the ability to be motivated. Once you're in, it is very difficult to leave the spiral of knowledge they provide. I'm very grateful to the Ironhack team!Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is one of the best experiences in my life. In just 8 weeks I've learnt a lot about web development: Ruby, Rails, Javascript, HTML, CSS...If you want to be a great developer and be part of community, Ironhack is with no doubt the best choice!",ironhack
"Ironhack is one of the best decisions I've ever made. The quality and process of teaching/learning is unlike most traditional systems of education - the Ironhack Team is knowledgable, kind, patient, and very devoted. Of course, let us not forget the VALUE... Read More in what we learned and accomplished, which to me seemed highly impossible from the onset. Can you really learn how to code in 8 weeks? Yes, at Ironhack you really can. I have to say that what I think really sets Ironhack apart from other coding bootcamps in the South Florida area (and trust me I did extensive research on this) is how much they care. They are so devoted to making sure you succeed, helping you along the way and providing the necessary support. It's a very tightly-knit community, and that's the true beauty of Ironhack, because you know what they say.. It really does take a village to teach you to code.Read Less",ironhack
"Since I finished College, I had been working as a front-end developer at a company located in Menorca.I had a comfortable job but I was learning on my own how to do the different things I was working on. Last year after 6 years working on the same place,... Read More I decided to quit. I felt I need more challenges and also that I need to improve my knowledge.It was not an easy decision, but I had to choose between staying on the confort zone or trying to scape from it. I went to San Francisco to find some inspiration and I found that what I really wanted to do was learning at a Coding Bootcamp. After reading on the internet some reviews I had no doubt, the chosen one was Ironhack.Now I realized that it was the best decision I have ever taken.At Ironhack I've met 17 amazing classmates; the TA's were also great people willing to help you at anytime during the course; all the teachers that came were awesome (thanks to Quino, Fernando, Harek, Patricia and Javi Velasco for the classes, you are great teachers!); and I also had the opportunity of meeting part of the Ironhack staff, what can I say...incredible people (Álvaro, Dani, Gonzalo, Yolanda, Ariel, Marc...), thanks for all your support and the perfect organization.To sum up, doing Ironhack bootcamp you will meet a lot of new interesting people during the workshops that happen every week You will interact with the best professionals of the industry and you will have great job opportunities after the bootcamp. During the Hiring Week 3 of my classmates and I got really good offers thanks to the companies that came in.In my opinion don`t hesitate in joining the course if you're willing to learn a lot and have a lot of fun. It's a great chance to change your life. You'll have the opportunity of meeting some of the best startups around and start working for them with a good salary, and that's something that doesn't happens normally when you go to study somewhere.Read Less",ironhack
"I had an amazing experience at Ironhack, right from the moment I applied to the moment I graduated from the bootcamp.I had to travel from Mumbai to attend the bootcamp and the admissions team was always there to help whenever I required any documentation... Read More for my visa, whether it was the acceptance letter or a bunch of questions from my end, they were always ready to help whenever they could.They sent out the prework as soon as I confirmed I would be joining the bootcamp and we were given weekly one on one sessions with the instructors but the instructors were always available throughout the week on Slack whenever I had any questions to ask. The prework was very elaborate and I feel that it helped me be ready for day one of the course.On day one of the bootcamp, we had a fun team building activity and we had many of those throughout the course. All these activites were fun and interactive and they helped us blow off steam and got us ready for the morning lectures. We were always advised to go to events to network with the tech community and they also sent us emails every Monday with a list of events we should be going to.The instructors and the teaching assistant were absolutely brilliant, they were always ready to help and wouldn't mind explaining the same thing multiple times and all 3 of them brought something different to the table. The course as a whole covered almost everything you'd need to know to develop a full stack web application and they even helped us with our presentations for the final project.Week 9 was career week, we had interview prep and coding challenges. Several companies also came in to interview us and that was a very good learning experience in terms of interviewing for a web development job.I traveled roughly 9000 miles to attend a coding bootcamp but not even for one second did I feel like I wasn’t at home. From the co-founder, to the director of admissions, to the instructors, to the content writer at Ironhack, to every single student that was a part of the cohort, each one of them had something special to offer that made this the best experience of my life and I’d like to thank each and every single one of them for it.Read Less",ironhack
"My 8 weeks at Ironhack Miami were a whirlwind. I came in with no development experience and looking back it's really amazing how much I learned in that short time. It doesn't feel short though when you're putting 70-80 hours in every week. I honestly... Read More think that's a realistic assessment of the time commitment, especially for someone who doesn't have a programming background. If there's one thing I would recommend to any student going in is to do the prework! It definitely sets the foundation and lets everyone in the class dive into the material at a great pace. The course was a great balance of lecture and hands on learning. Every morning we would learn enough to really dive into the exercises for the afternoon, and thats when things got really interesting! I think the most amazing thing about Ironhack is the dedication of the Instructors. Whether it was planning extra breakout sessions to go over a particularly difficult topic or them staying late or coming in on a weekend to help with our projects, I can honestly say that I've never had teachers that were so invested in their student's success. The staff is also deeply invested in our career success. The advice on how to sell ourselves as developers was invaluable and so was the interview experience from their hiring partners. I feel really confident going forward that I will be able to start a career in the tech industry.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack has been to me a unique experience, I had the chance to practice english, get to know people from different backgrounds and countries, but above all, it provided the best entry to the programming world, something I struggled a lot in the past.... Read More I didn’t get out of the bootcamp being an expert, but Ironhack taught me how to learn, and after Ironhack I’ve been able to keep learning a lot of stuff that was out of my reach before when I tried on my own.Besides learning how to program, I’ve also benefited from great guidance for my future career. Ironhack organized, on a regular basis, effective advice and workshops I could benefit a lot from.Finally, I can safely say that despite not being the best student in the cohort, I landed a job in a startup in just three days. Because of that I definitely think that Ironhack was a great investment for the money I spend on the course.Read Less",ironhack
"At Ironhack, I did not just learn how to use the most cutting-edge technology used in the Industry today. I also learned a way to learn. With the guidance of the TA’s and Lead Teachers, you come to realise that, ultimately, the best teacher you’ll ever... Read More have is yourself. Having the audacity and capacity to say “I want to learn that skill, and I can do it” is the most valuable lesson I learned in the course. It didn’t matter that I was being exposed to technologies that I didn’t learn at University. I was empowered to get out of my comfort zone and thrive. Thanks, Ironhack!Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was unlike anything I'd ever been through before. The cohort was extremely diverse. Former lawyers, store managers, nfl players, and ivy league grads consumed the classroom. After the first day though, it was clear that we were... Read More all equals. Learning to code a new language is like learning to speak a new language. It isn't going to happen over night. Our two teachers, Nizar and Josh, were extremely helpful and patient. It felt like the same question was asked 100 times a day. In programming, it's all about understanding the connections between different syntaxes, and repeating them over and over again. Class begin at 9 every morning, and most of us wouldn't leave until 7 or 8 at night. We were all warned early on that there would be some days where we would feel completely hopeless. I definitely did. Around the 6th week though, something clicked. Things that took hours to accomplish in week 1 and 2, started to take minutes. Programming certain syntaxes became second nature. I was extremely happy with how my final project came out, and by the time the course was over, I was sure I made the right choice about going to Ironhack.Read Less",ironhack
"I had such a great experience at Ironhack. The team is amazing, since I had the first interview with them I had the feeling that I was taking the right choice. It doesn't matter what coding experience you had before, Ironhack provides a Pre work where... Read More you can train and get skills.The instructor and TA are excellent and have so much patience!!!. I never felt afraid to ask any question because they were always willing to help. They were guiding and advising us everyday.In this intense weeks there is a lot to learn, but a lot to study too. There are a lot of materials the program provides in order to improve and reinforce our knowledge. Now that the Bootcamp is finished, I feel so well on my improvements, the connections I've made and ready to show what I'm capable to do. Thanks Ironhack!.Read Less",ironhack
"This course blew me away, the instructors were so helpful staying late nights and even coming into the office on weekends. This course accelerated my learning and helped me get in the door in the tech industry.",ironhack
"I would first like to say that for all of the skeptics out there: I was in your shoes, but I can vouch (as much as that counts on the internet) that the people in Miami posting reviews around the same time as me, were in fact students at the school in... Read More my cohort. This post will be somewhat long but it will be useful if you are trying to decide if coding bootcamps, and Ironhack specifically, would be a useful expenditure of your time and money.So, who are coding bootcamps are for: -	People with no programming experience who want a career that is both fun and rewarding-	People who have tried to learn coding/web-development on their own but got frustrated with how long it takes to learn-	Burgeoning entrepreneurs who want to learn just enough to make their business dreams a reality Who they are not for:-	Experienced programmers who thing OOP is child’s play-	Humans that don’t play well with other humansI fell into the category of those who tried (and failed) to learn this material on their own. While that previous coding experience was useful, it originally led me to be frustrated with the pace of the class. It wasn’t until later in the course that I fully understood the patience and caring that our instructors, Nizar and Josh, had for us and appreciated how slowly they moved to get us all up to the same level.Ironhack doesn’t promise to make you an expert programmer; and it shouldn’t. Ironhack promises to teach you everything you need to know to just get your foot in the door for a programming career. They adopt a no-B.S. approach to help people who had never opened a text editor besides Word, learn to build incredible and dynamic websites. Ironhack gives you the basic knowledge of everything web-development and then gives you the hard, honest truth that you need to figure out your own path in this huge and amazing field.Beyond the coding aspect of the course, the people and the location are incredible. The instructors and staff are there for you every step of the way, and your fellow students are there to help pick you up when you fall, because that’s the environment that Ironhack fosters. You know it’s expensive, they know it’s expensive, and it is a company trying to expand, but their product is solid and if you have the time and the money- but most importantly the drive- then Ironhack is for you.Read Less",ironhack
"Before Ironhack, I was an attorney with a liberal arts background. I'd dabbled in front-end design (HTML, CSS, WordPress) for years, but always thought that anything more technical than that (e.g., Ruby) was for Computer Science majors. Ironhack proved... Read More me wrong. In eight weeks, I went from being an unhappy attorney to a legitimate developer and tech entrepreneur. But the journey wasn't easy; Ironhack's intensity level was about the same as the first year of law school. The pacing is relentless, and there is a lot of information to absorb. You need to take this course very, very seriously or you will fall behind very, very quickly.Read Less",ironhack
Ironhack has exceeded all my expectations as a coding bootcamp. I have acquired a solid knowledge base in programing have gained many likeminded friends and feel more confident not only in my coding but in general. It is an intense 8 weeks program on... Read More that requires focus and determination and the team is there to help with all the challenges. Nizar the instructor is fully bilingual and has a deep understanding of all the subjects covered in class. He is also extremely patient so don't be afraid to ask questions! All in all one of the best experiences Ive made time and money wise.Read Less,ironhack
"After 8 weeks in the Ironhack course I feel confident in the fundamentals acquired to continue learning and taking on projects. There are many coding bootcamps in Miami but I chose Ironhack because the founders' background included Harvard and Wharton... Read More Business school. I wanted to go to a bootcamp with organized, educated and successful founders. The course was challenging but Nizar (lead instructor) and Josh(primary teaching assistant) gave me the necessary resources and attention to build a strong programming foundation. I enjoyed that the course and final projects emphasized individual work because I learned every aspect of building a web application. Also, there is no better location in Miami than Ironhacks at Building.co. The classroom is in the downtown/Brickell area and is an awesome space. Finally, it was a well rounded course because we heard from many other programmers and tech business owners in the community followed with professional training in career work. I held Ironhack to the highest expectations and was 100% satisfied.Read Less",ironhack
"First starting off at Ironhack I had no previous coding history. Fully immersing myself in a program that will help not only my career but my growth as a person was something I knew coding would fulfil and Ironhack delivered on that, giving the resources... Read More and skill set to succeed. The team at Ironhack was helpful and non-judgemental or impatient with people from different professions. It helped me to re-evaluate my thought process on how to learn things and how to solve issues in a way I never could before. I would definitely recommend taking this course, but remember they don't call it a bootcamp for nothing. Pre-plan and take on-line courses to make sure this is the right path you want to take. Then apply yourself and commit. Always commit.Read Less",ironhack
"Before IronHack I had taken several programming courses online but after completing each one I felt I didn't understand or know how to apply anything I had learned. I think thats why I was hesitant to give IronHack a try. I was worried that the large... Read More investment would not be worth the time or money. But after meeting with Nizar, the lead instructor, I knew that IronHack was the right place to go. Nizar is an amazing instructor. He’s patient and is great at explaining the concepts of programming. I learned more in the 8 weeks of bootcamp than from all the time I had spent before trying to learn on my own. I highly recommend IronHack to anyone who wants to learn how to program.Read Less",ironhack
"This is a personal opinion about my experience at IronHack Barcelona. I have to introduced myself as a customer experience and product oriented person, which means that I’m very sincere with all my experiences and also try to apply all that I’ve learned... Read More as an entrepreneur with a small non-tech startup company which focus on customer experience and product development. When I like something, I’ll be the best ambassador of that product or service, but when I’m not happy, I’m always very honest about my reviews. This is part of my own personal opinion of my whole bootcamp experience. Something that I wish someone would have told me before joining the bootcamp.Before deciding to attend to IronHack, I have had several interviews for a few coding schools in the United States that were 12-weeks courses. Unfortunately, I didn’t get enough funds to attend to the one I really wanted. Then I found about IronHack in Barcelona that was a 8-week course and which the city’s living costs were also more affordable. Also all the reviews were almost 5 stars, so I decided to apply and prepare for the journey.I did a lot of online tutorials and practices few simple coding challenges because the previous schools that I applied to demanded to have basic programming knowledge. I was very surprised that the interview process was very easy, maybe is because the main focus of the school is to take students from 0% to 80%. I had the chance that a friend that attended another bootcamp had shared with me his experience of his pre-work of the other school. So I was kind of surprised how disorganized and how poorly made the pre-course work was. We were not even ask how we were doing with it at the time.I wrote my own very personal review, but since one of my classmates have better english writing skills and I couldn’t agree more on what the author wrote, which its content is similar the two pages I wrote, I asked for permission for posting and editing the review. I’ll just highlight a few other personal comments starting with to slashes ( // ) at the end of each paragraph of the author’s review.We were supposed to be sent a overall bootcamp feedback survey, but even before that they were already asking us for positive feedback. My classmate’s review post and my personal add-ons:“ … Still, there has yet to be any surveys sent out, yet each week we had to complete two surveys on the quality of our instructors. This speaks volumes to the quality and goals of Ironhack. Additionally, we were told that there would be extensive career help, even a spreadsheet for us to fill out in order for Ironhack to track our progress, yet, this request for a review was sent out before even a slight mention of such a spreadsheet. There’s been no career follow up, no LinkedIn or resume reviews and I am extremely disappointed, to say the least.// Before attending the bootcamp, IronHack sent me a PDF of more than 5 slides with “career support” that was supposed to taught during the whole duration of the bootcamp.I’m an entrepreneur, and one of the things that completly appreciated about this bootcamp is that it was meant for entrepreneurs, as their Twitter profile says, note that not a single lecture involved any entrepreneurial concept with code.My experience at Ironhack was amazing in regards to my peers and the quality of our TAs. Despite there being only one TA per 8 students, they went above and beyond to help us out and it was so appreciated. // Thanks to the TAs for all their effort!Aside from that, I entirely regret choosing Ironhack for my bootcamp experience as Ironhack has failed at their only two objectives: be a great educator and be a great business. My list of possible improvements is endless, but here are a few:  1 Start by actually vetting your instructors. Have them do a test run in front of you. Are they comfortable with public speaking? Do they engage the audience? Are they clear when speaking English? Are their materials written in proper English? Are the passionate about working with others? If you don’t know the answers to these questions, you shouldn’t be hiring the instructor. If you wouldn’t want to listen to them on a Monday morning, don’t hire them. Period. // There were days that I honestly think I’d learned more in CodeSchool, that the current lecture because some of the teachers didn’t seem to be prepared or didn’t have high teaching skills. 2 Be upfront about the condition of the work space and classroom. Ironhack should be ashamed of the condition of our classroom in Barcelona. I was ashamed when posting class pictures because the room looked so horrible and rundown, and it was. Paint chipping, the room hadn’t been swept or dusted in forever, there were maybe only three quality chairs in the entire room (how are developers supposed to code for over 10 hours a day on plastic chairs?), the room was unbearably hot and we had to pretty much protest for weeks in order to get fans which then just circulated all of the dust around the room. The projector didn’t even have a screen and it was close to impossible to follow along with the instructors having to adjust their settings so frequently. The tables were not actually tables, but rather pieces of lumber stacked on wooden posts even though the average Mac in the classroom was worth $1500. If one of those Macs were to fall and break, I think we can both say that Ironhack was not going to cover the costs.  // The first thing I’d learn while studying at industrial engineering: work conditions (weather, ergonomics, etc) affects productivity. I truly understand and appreciate that Barcelona is such a environmentally friendly city, but take into account that 80% of our bootcamp was not form Barcelona, and I’m from Panama City, Panama (Central America), where is 30ºC all year round, and I haven’t been that suffocated by heat in a workspace in my entire life. 6 tables, 2 fans, not enough! By day 2 there where two more, and that wasn’t even enough. I literally had to bring my personal fan until the last day of the bootcamp because I couldn’t focus on class or during my final project. Some electric extension were laying on the floor, where easily more than 10 times people have tripped because of them. Also, as programmers that were supposed to spend 10hrs+ a day in that room, I expected to at least have basics: water and coffee. Filtered water tanks or water dispensers with filters, specially when not even people from Barcelona drink their own tap water because it is awful!  3 Reevaluate which students are accepted into the program. While of course more students mean more money, if you don’t have enough TAs and are unwilling to provide more, then simply get more selective and accept fewer students. Also, students who have been working as a developer and beginners are not to be in the same class. Reevaluate your mission as a school and choose an audience. The majority of the time, it felt as if the instructors were speaking to 3 of the 16 students. // Either you take people from 0% to 80%, or from 20% to 120%. There where students that haven’t even finished the pre-work before coming to class, and were accepted to start anyway. A lot of them were so lost on the basic concepts. I think it may have downgraded the class for people with more experience.  4 Establish your worth as a school and stick to it. Although each student paid the same amount, certain students have been afforded the opportunity to retake the bootcamp. If that is the case, are the rest of the students going to get half of their money back? I didn’t think so. I, in no way, learned as much as I thought I would have and I know I would have been given more attention had I chosen one of the American bootcamps, yet a second round at Ironhack was never offered to me. Keep it fair, it’s as a simple as that. // The fact that there were several students that either dropped out or very lost in class and they just decided to skip some subjects and do what they could, should have never happened on the first place if the pre-work was better built and proper follow-up student/pre-work would have existed. 5 While MOB is clearly not the correct choice to host Ironhack, at the bare minimum, if it is known that there is going to be loudly obnoxious construction the FINAL DAY OF PRESENTATIONS, the day for which we prepare during the entire bootcamp, the day that Ironhack invites guests to listen to its student’s present, you find an alternative space in Barcelona to host the presentations. It’s not that hard, not to mention Ironhack’s connections to startups with amazing presentation spaces. I’m sure those startups would have loved the exposure and would have loved to be a part of the presentations. Get creative, don’t get lazy. // At the HackShow, there where 40-50 people in that room, and I felt ashamed that the audience had to uncomfortable watch our presentations which such heat. Also, as a finalist for the top projects, I was very sad that not a single video was taken by IronHack, like the previous cohorts, or even t-shirts with our handles where given to all the students, to have memories about our experience presenting our final project. This may not sound very important, but if you start adding features, even as almost meaningless like the previously mentioned, you shouldn’t downgrade by taking it away. *MOB: Makers Of Barcelona, where the bootcamp was being held.* 6 Know your audience. During our “hiring help days”, the first thing that Alvaro said was that most of us probably aren’t comfortable with networking and approaching strangers. False. The majority of my class came from backgrounds like communications, media, marketing, sports, recruiting, journalism, customer service, etc. Learn about your students before you attempt to advise them. Additionally, don’t have us go into a corner and show you our LinkedIn profiles while you tear them apart — it’s not thorough and it’s inefficient. Take the time to look at the profiles in advance, take some notes and then discuss with us. It will save both your time and the student’s. // I like people being realistic, but Alvaro saying that it was almost impossible to get a job in Spain as a non european, was absolutely demotivational. Nevertheless, one of my classmates and me, non europeans, got job offers, because we manage to find alternatives to pursue success. So, don’t just say it’s almost impossible without providing work arounds. Also, how come you claim to have a 97% rate of hired students when not even 50% of the students are showing up at interviews and with such non-existing follow-up after that? 7 Hire more TAs. Don’t be greedy. Money is great, but a stronger reputation is worth much more and ensures longevity. Having to sit and wait 40 minutes to ask a question is beneficial for no one, especially a newbie.// I get that some students may have slow pace while learning, but the other students that are paying the same amount of money, deserve the same kind of attention and assistance during class. If you don’t want to let anyone behind, make sure that each student is really prepared to start a coding bootcamp. 8 Lastly, hire someone that has both customer service and teaching experience to facilitate the education aspects of Ironhack. You need them. As a former educator, most of the things that went wrong were simply due to lack of planning and experience. Even our welcome meeting was lackluster and could have been full of creative and light-hearted icebreakers designed to get everyone introduced to one another. // TAs had enough work as being TAs, someone that takes care of the customer experience and product is very needed so we don’t end out writing this long reviews!!!I truly hope you view this feedback as constructive more than anything. Everyone wants to see Ironhack succeed, but without some adjustments it’s truly not worth it. “// Couldn’t agree more with this! And now, one of my best friends, who I recommended to learn to code and go to IronHack, is about to take the next cohort, and I just wish he can have a better over-all experience that I’d had. I’ll definitly take another bootcamp in the next few years, this time one made in the USA.Read Less",ironhack
"Turns out that after many years of work in a certain field I’d like to change something and focus only on doing things that keep me engaged and very enthusiastic about. Learning web development technologies was something I intended to do for a long time,... Read More but never actually took my time to just do it, I decided this is the time and I chose Ironhack based on their reputation, training curriculum and also because I really wanted to spend some time again in Barcelona :-).I am really confident my investment will pay off, in fact I think it is one of the best investments I ever made. I met the most extraordinary group of people, my colleagues, and I learned a lot in a relatively short period of time. I never coded before, so the first week seemed like a lot to take in, but persisting in understanding as much as I could and getting support from the TAs, which are the greatest, I began to feel more at ease as I continued my learning journey. At the end of the bootcamp my project was selected by a jury of senior developers as one of the top 5 projects in the class. I wish you all happy coding at Ironhack !Read Less",ironhack
"The program at Ironhack Miami is one that I'll remember for the rest of my life. From day one you are immersed in programming culture and basically hand-held for the first 1-2 weeks.They start from the basics, and build your programming chops from the... Read More ground up. The team they have put together has become the best learning experience I've seen, and your peers will quickly become your friend circle.There are some cons tho, but they are purely opinionated. You are going to have to want to learn, and you are going to have to be willing to stay late to be sure you grasp the concepts of the day. All in all, Ironhack is the premiere bootcamp option in Miami, with their talented staff and strong work ethics, anyone can sign up and be a reputable coder in just 8 weeks!Read Less",ironhack
"I’m Anand from Malaysia,I studied I.T from London Metropolitan University and the last time i code was 10 years ago. I am a Web Designer,Graphic Designer and a UI Designer. Over the past years i have ventured into many other work including producing Reality... Read More Shows and account manager for brands.I chose Ironhack because of its reputation as the best Coding BootCamp in Europe and it was nearer for me since I came from Malaysia.The methodology is good as far as it is concerned, i have never been to other bootcamps, so I can’t really say much about it. It would be nice if you can suggest extra one month or something for those beginners before getting into the main class, so everyone will be in the same level and understanding.Teachers are good and was able to cope with all our questions and ramblings, also my classmates were totally amazing, they were part of the whole study as well, without them I don’t think I would have totally survived the bootcamp.The things I like the most: free beers, good classmates, environment and the people .The most difficult part for me was Coredata. Trying to grasp everything everyday was difficult, everyday we were learning something new and had no time for recap and remembering.My final project was Menu Del Dia app which shows the menu del dia of the restaurants nearby to the user. Its a simple and straightforward app.Too early to say anything about Careers...well i think so far so good, lets see how its goes.I would recommend Ironhack to everyone because it’s a very good place to have a feel of what is coding all about and the excitement of it.Read Less",ironhack
"Ironhack is certainly a unique experience, in my case I am a computer science engineer. Since the first day I noticed that Ironhack has nothing to do with what I studied at university, where what they taught was really outdated. Courses were oriented... Read More to the theoretical part and quite unrelated to what companies were demanding.The community I created with my fellow colleagues at Ironhack is magnificent and today we remain as a small family where we all help and cooperate with each other for a common benefit.In Ironhack you can get the ability to develop projects that you have previously thought about but you weren’t able to develop because you didn’t have the tools and knowledge you need. That was what happened to me, I have an idea before arriving and was not able to carry it out. But I could make it for the Hackshow at the end of the course and I proved myself that I could do it.Also they have advised me magnificently on how to orient my professional profile online and prepared me to face interviews, coding challenges and to negotiate my starting salary. Many friends ask me if I will recommend Ironhack and I have no doubt, it´s a great experience I wilI repeated again without hesitation.Read Less",ironhack
"I started to study Higher Technician in Computer Network Systems Management in 2010 and it was during this period when I discover the world of programming and I was totally hooked. After that, I was working as full stack web developer in a marketing online... Read More agency where I had to face many challenges. One day I realized that I need to stop and continue learning. My main goal was to improve my skills developing scalable, maintainable and well tested web applications. That day, was the day I found Ironhack and I left my job to begin a new adventure.From my point of view, Ironhack is the best course to start a career in web development. You will learn not only all the best practices and all the technologies required and used by the leading companies, but also you will be involved in a great and different experience where teachers and classmates work and practice together to get the best from every hour.Teachers are all excellent professionals with a huge working experience so learn from them has been a pleasure and a great opportunity.All eight weeks of the Bootcamp have been very intense but the hardest week for me was the second one, when I discover how to do TDD and it was very challenging. Finally, doing a final project where you can practice everything you have learned is essential. In my case, I was working in a learning platform called “Skillstep” where you can create your own learning tracks. To introduce a project at the Demo day was not my goal, so I decided to focus in learn better how to do specific parts of my application and it was good choice. Whether you want only to learn or you have an entrepreneurial profile and you want to know how to develop your project, you will find no better place.Career support after Ironhack is excellent also, and the “Career Week” a good opportunity to get a good job. Thanks to a coding challenge sponsored by a company that we did last week, I am waiting to close a job offer only a couple of weeks after graduating, so I couldn't be happier at this moment.Read Less",ironhack
"My experience at Ironhack was very positive one. As a minority and female with limited coding experience, I was doubtful at the beginning if I could complete the program. However, after 8 weeks, I not only completed the program, but also was able to develop... Read More a web application from scratch. Before Ironhack, I was in business, doing completely unrelated to programming. I even had a great fear for anything technology. One day I decided to cast off my fear of tech and started learning how to code. Though I was studying dilligently, it was very inefficient. As a responsible adult with responsibilities to fulfill, I thought going to school and learn ""how to learn coding"" in a short amount of time seemed efficient than reading posts after posts on stackoverflow. And, I am glad to tell you that I made the right decision. What makes Ironhack very unique was people - my classmates, the teachers and the staff. My classmates were from all walks of life and open-minded, which made me feel ok to ask even seemingly silly questions in the class. I still hang out with some of my classmates even after the program ended. The teachers were great, too. Though some classes and the curriculum have rooms for improvement such as installing some programs prior to the cohort begins, the lead teacher, with knowlege, passion for coding and teaching, patience and care for each one of us, made my learning experience the excelent one. The staff. I decided to attend Ironhack because of the staff. Everyone was always thinking about how to create an open and comfortable environment and make the learning experience fun. They provided us many opportunites like happy hour, beach BBQ, and pinada smashing (to release our stress) for us to socialize and have some break. They also set up a weekly meeting where students can provide feedback and share their thoughts. People there were ""real.""Lastly, Ironhack provided great job assistance. Of course, I had to do 99% of the work following their strategic advice, but they set up interviews with companies (I received a job offer from one of them), provided useful resources and followed up with me on the phone almost weekly for practical advice and encouragement. As a result, I received a few job offers and am currently working for a growing tech company (where my colleagues know the Ironhack lead instructor).Ironhack really changed my life. There are many schools out there with different emphasis but I think the value of going to a coding school is to build skills, confidence and knowledge to continuously learn new technologies. Like myself, many coding school students will probably end up learning something new or maybe unrelated to what they have learned at school. Then, my recommendation is to go to a place like Ironhack where you interact with good people in a good environment where your learning experience will be joyful.Read Less",ironhack
Ironhack was a valuable experience. They managed to efficiently cover a variety of topics while creating a fun environment. Their boot camp structure is very conducive for developing a solid coding base with the skills and knowledge to learn more advanced... Read More concepts with ease. I would recommend giving IronHack a shot.Read Less,ironhack
"What I got out of my experience with Ironhack was invaluable. I learned a great deal about myself, made friends with wonderful people from all walks of life, and came out with a solid understanding of the web development landscape. I decided to join Ironhack... Read More because I wanted to learn more about web programming and gain a new skill. My job as a consultant consisted of working, communicating, and at times leading developers so I thought getting a leg up in coding would be beneficial in my day to day activities at work. I knew I needed to become code literate and that the best way for me to really learn programming would be to attend a course, to throw myself into the deep end. Into the deep end I went. My experience wasn’t all butterflies and rainbows. It was probably one of the toughest experiences of my life. There is a ton of content and it is constantly changing. It is a very rigorous curriculum with an aggressive timeline designed to really challenge you. It put my ego to the test, it made me feel dumb at times, and frustrated in others. The first week and a half I felt like I had been knocked down, but this was done intentionally, which I appreciated after the fact. It got me into gear and forced me to adopt a “can do” attitude. From a personal development standpoint the program helped me learn how to better overcome difficult situations, how to ask for help, and to really understand how detrimental negative self-talk can be to ones progress. From a technical development standpoint I was amazed at how much I learned and how much I was able to accomplish. I think what really differentiates Ironhack from other schools is their amazing team and their culture of “ the customer is always right”. I really loved and was really impressed by the constant feedback loop they incorporated into their system. It felt like a very intimate experience because they cared about my concerns, my thoughts, and most importantly my progress. They wanted to make sure I was getting everything I was expecting out of the program; an attitude that was adopted by all of the faculty and staff. Overall the instructors were superb. They were experts in their field, good instructors, and always extremely helpful and very respectful.Read Less",ironhack
"IronHack has been one of the most incredible experiences I’ve lived.The professors were very good in their fields, always attentive and very close, although some of them never taught before. The TA (Teacher Assistant) was alumni on the first edition so... Read More he could understand our situation and helped us in every moment. However, the best of the bootcamp were my classmates. The selection process was very good because all of them were very motivated, hard-workers, fast-learners and close people. We helped ourselves in every problem, worked hard until 6am if necessary, and improved our programming skill together.I highly recommend IronHack if you want to learn programming with top-teachers, incredible classmates and in a short period of time, but be prepared to work hard every day, because when the say intensive, it’s really intensive.I started IronHack with almost zero programming skills, and now I’m able to make powerful webs by myself. I never thought of learning so much in this time.Read Less",ironhack
"Pros:Barcelona: The location is beautiful and affordable. I enjoyed living there immensely, was able to meet a lot of locals, and lots of great people in general. It's also relatively inexpensive and very walkable.Staff: People are really friendly, and... Read More I want them to succeedInstructors: About half of our instructors were great to fantastic and we learned a ton during their weeks.Class size: We had just 10 people in my cohort and we really felt like a family by the end.Atmosphere: It's very laid back, and a comfortable and safe feeling space.Network: They have a good Barcelona network, which is great if you want to live there and have an EU visa.Job assistance for EU citizens: They have a strong network in Barcelona and can get you interviews. Instructors and speakers will also be looking out for you and helping make connections. However, once my colleagues who are EU-citizens left Barcelona they found that assistance dropped off like a cliff and there was minimal communication. I learned a ton.Cons:Staff: Despite their friendliness, communication was a huge issue. Even before class started, I missed most of the Hangouts because I didn't realize the times were being posted to Slack. Emails were not returned in a timely manner before, during, and after my session. People were defensive when offered feedback. I was often told ""So and so will contact you about your concern."" and then silence.Instructors: Two of our instructors were awful and it felt like they just wasted a week of our time which is a big deal when you are only studying for 6 weeks. We basically had to relearn everything we learned from our first JS teacher. They made up for the bad CSS class by bringing in a great instructor later on, but it meant we lost a day of working on our final project. Curriculum: It was frequently commented by my colleagues that it felt like we were being experimented on too much and I agree with them. We alternated between JS and Ruby instruction and the context switching was very confusing. They started us off the bat with Ruby and OO which was completely overwhelming for most people our first week. Visa sponsorship for non-EU: You will probably not be able to find someone to sponsor you for a visa. I wanted to stay and it seemed like it should be doable (I was one of the strongest students in the cohort), but even though there was some interest ultimately what I heard was it's way too hard to sponsor and very few companies are willing to do it. You are limited to large foreign companies and even then it can take 3 months.Job Assistance: Good or bad depending on your needs. I'm going to move this out of the bullet, so read on below.We lost internet for a few days and last a ton of class time as a result. They didn't have a contingency plan so we had already lost almost two days before they found us a temp new space. Internet was pretty consistently bad the whole time we were there.Job Assistance:They were great while I was still in Barcelona, but as soon as I returned back to the states they went silent. I had previously decided with the cofounder that we would work on Barcelona until I left and then switch to SF. After two weeks of silence (I pinged a couple people during that time), I sent another email and this time they apologized and said it was a new guy's responsibility.I scheduled a Skype call with the new guy and I thought maybe things would improve. Well, he sent me a list of sites with job postings. And then the next week he sent me another email with one more site with a job posting. In the meantime I was adding the jobs I applied to on to a spreadsheet so they could see my progress.I did know that they would have less of a network in the states, but the cofounders are well connected. So I knew that it would take more effort on my part. However, job placement is absolutely crucial for any startup bootcamp, and Ironhack is expanding in to Miami. To succeed in the more competitive bootcamp market in the US, you need to cultivate relationships with companies that are specifically interested and willing to hire bootcamp students.My expectation was that they would reach out to companies and pitch Ironhack and their students– in other words be proactive. What actually happened was they checked my spreadsheet and if they knew someone there they put me in contact. Which is helpful and I don't want to discount that, except 2/3 of those contacts were for companies were I had already gotten myself an employee referral and since their contact wasn't in a position to hire me they couldn't really provide me any assistance. In my opinion this just isn't aggressive enough because if they can't hit a high placement % then they are doing good enough.Ironhack's response is that they are working hard and this is what they told me I'd get, so if this meets your expectations you wil be fine. If not job placement is really important to you, you may want to look elsewhere.Tl;dr: Can be good depending on your needs. They can help you get jobs in Barcelona if you are eligible to work there, but if you want a lot of help for a non-EU job search they are limited to providing contacts to companies you've applied to. So far from my cohort the only person placed through Ironhack was hired by Ironhack.Summary:It was a fun experience overall, and I don't regret it. I did learn a lot despite the hiccups. However, I can't help but feel like they could have done much better and the communication was consistently a huge issue. I felt frustrated by the time wasted because of bad or unprepared instructors and bad internet. I felt like they missed a lot of important topics such as code reviewing and interview prep. And job assistance didn't meet my expectations at all. So yeah, YMMV. Living in Barcelona though, that I can recommend with no hesitation.Read Less",ironhack
"I'm an American who attended the September 2014 Web Development cohort in Barcelona. I came to Ironhack with little-to-no programming background, though I had dabbled in web design/some front-end stuff in the past and had (unsuccessfully) tried to learn... Read More some Ruby on my own. I had already applied to a few other bootcamps in the US when I heard of Ironhack, but as soon as I was admitted, I knew it was the best choice for me. Not only had they already had many successful cohorts in two different locations under their belt, they also offered scholarships for women, and a great location (Barcelona!) to boot.I won't sugarcoat it and claim that Ironhack isn't difficult, challenging, and at times frustrating- but ultimately, these are the things that made me realize I had made the right choice. I always felt challenged, but if there was any doubt in my mind about a certain topic, the staff was always there to help and give me the support I need. While the program offers a certain degree of freedom and autonomy that might be intimidating to some, there were always people watching and making sure I was understanding everything, which was comforting.Apart from the actual program and teachers, the connections one makes throughout the programs played a vital role in developing our skills as programmers. We connected with the local tech scene, but also learned the necessary soft skills to network in any part of the world.Overall, it was a truly wonderful experience. I finished my cohort just a few days ago, and have received job offers and requests for interviews from many different companies around the world, which was my goal. I built my own (pretty great) app from scratch, which I would have never assumed I'd ever be able to do at the beginning of the bootcamp.Read Less",ironhack
"I can fully recommend IronHack for any of you wanting to learn real-world practical programming skills in short time span. I am a Norwegian student of Computer Science, and before IronHack, I really enjoyed programming. However, every time I intended... Read More to apply some of the knowledge I had learned at university and tried to build something for myself I would eventually reach wall I never managed to succeed. No matter how many online tutorials I went through, I would always reach gaps of knowledge that were to big for me to overcome. That is the main reason my I applied to IronHack. I wanted to get exposed to the entire process of building an entire application, and be able to see how the independent elements connect with each other. This full-stack understanding is exactly what IronHack provided me with. It took all the knowledge I had previously learned about at university and linked it with each other offering the whole picture. With the knowledge I learned at IronHack, I can know build any idea that comes through my mind, or at least prototype it. Everything else about the program exceeded my expectations. The instructors were all from leading companies and surprisingly good at communicating in a didactic manner. The course also gave you the opportunity to interact with the local entrepreneurial ecosystem. Throughout the boot camp, we had very interesting speakers come by to explain their products to us and to discuss any topics we would be interested in raising.In conclusion, if you are thinking of attending IronHack, do not think twice. There is only one thing I regret about IronHack: not having applied earlier!Read Less",ironhack
"Asistí al primer bootcamp de desarrollo de iOS que han hecho los chicos de Ironhack y la verdad es que solo tengo buenas palabras para describirlo. Aprendí en solo 2 meses profundos conocimientos sobre Cocoa y Objetive-C tanto es así que tuve la oportunidad... Read More de publicar un articulo que recibió muy buenas criticas en un blog de desarrollo iOS de referencia en España y ¡¡no había programado nada de iOS antes de entrar aquí!!Y no solo los conocimientos, hice muchísimos contactos y grandes amigos. Creo que uno de los puntos mas fuertes de Ironhack es que te hace formar parte de la comunidad de desarrollo existente. En nuestro caso, íbamos a reuniones de la NSCoders en Madrid y así conocimos a la mayoría de profesionales de desarrollo iOS. Gracias a Ironhack conocí a mucha gente, que aun ahora después de acabar el curso, sigo en contacto con ellos casi todos los días. Por ultimo mencionar que a pesar de mi situación especial como estudiante universitario y que por lo tanto a la hora de buscar trabajo yo solo quería puestos de media jornada y que me respetaran el horario de la universidad, tuve varias ofertas y ahora mismo estoy trabajando desde casa a media jornada en una empresa con producto propio y en un equipo de desarrollo espectacular.Read Less",ironhack
"Excellent product. Great experience. Worth every euro.I´ve been involved in digital products for years (VP of product in 2 start ups) and felt like I needed technical knowledge to become a better professional and a better entrepreneur.After the Ironhack... Read More I am now capable of: i) digging into a complex RoR application, understanding the way its back-end works and being able to contribute code myself solving tickets in the pipelineii) building from scratch a RoR application using best practicesiii) having a better understanding on how several digital technologies are created, the way they evolve, grow and interact with each otherIronhack excels in several ways:i) Great teachers. There was consensus within alumni that 9 out of 10 teachers were simply outstanding.ii) Great materials. Most of the alumni will be using materials from the Ironhack as a guide and as a repository of knowledge to come back to from time to time for review.iii) Great student selection process. An adequate mix of backgrounds, including technical profiles, entrepreneurs and technology corporations engineers has created a rich environment which contributed to both a great leaning process and an unforgettable networking and bonding experience.I met my main goal, which was to improve in all product related aspects of a digital product start up, from product ownership to pipeline planning or technical hires.But most importantly, I now feel capable of building a digital product, a process which I am passionate about, challenging, addictive and enjoyable at the same time.Read Less",ironhack
"I was part of the first English run of Ironhack in Barcelona, and it was an amazing experience for me. One, I learned a lot. I could now build simple web applications on my own with Ruby and Ruby on Rails, as well as Javascript. The program was really... Read More intensive because the curriculum had to move very fast, that sometimes even on weekends we still had to practice just to get ourselves ready for the following week. Second, I like the learning environment. The people who also got accepted into Ironhack were equally motivated and passionate to learn. The TAs (Teaching Assistants) were very supportive and answered our questions. Our coordinator was also very helpful in finding jobs after the program, although most of the job openings were just for start-ups in Barcelona. The teachers and speakers were professionals and I also liked that we each got a mentor for our final project.Read Less",ironhack
"I attended the Ironhack Madrid Bootcamp on Jan 2014. I am a frontend dev, web designer and businessman and wanted to learn to code my own applications, not only design them. Ironhack was definitely the best choice. After the 8 weeks, I could code my own... Read More product from scratch, becoming my own developer, emphasizing on best practices and clean code, testing, etc. I recommend this awesome experience to anyone that wants to learn to code , make great networking, and build great, tested products.Read Less",ironhack
