"Review","school"
"My Le Wagon experience was unforgettable! When I decided to join Le Wagon, I came with minimal knowledge of code and had only learnt a bit of HTML and CSS. My batch underwent the full-time bootcamp 100% remotely and the support that was provided by the... Read More team was amazing - what a seamless experience! I felt well supported in this community and have built amazing friendships for life. The content that we received for 9 weeks was lots and I was able to understand how to build web apps from front end to back end to deployment by the end of it. It has also taught me how to work and communicate with others as we did lots of pair programming and group projects, which is an important skill that employers look for. The teachers were great at explaining and debugging. The learning platform that all students have access to is continuously updated so you'll never run out of content to learn after bootcamp. In terms of job support - after getting that initial support from Le Wagon's careers coaching sessions, I planned my own strategy to get through the job hunt successful and landed a job 5 weeks after bootcamp. Definitely don't expect to know everything about coding straight out of bootcamp, it is a 9-week bootcamp that they are trying to help you understand about web development and not a 4-year computer science degree. Learning to code is an ongoing journey! Honestly, no regrets at all for joining Le Wagon. It has propelled my learning and career pivot as I know I need the intensity and accountability from others to successfully learn something from scratch (I have previously attempted to learn coding myself and it didn't work out). I do recommend a decent laptop (a Mac or a slightly more powerful windows) if you are doing the bootcamp remotely as it may disrupt your experience if your laptop lags half the time!Read Less",le-wagon
"The Le Wagon Tokyo bootcamp literally helped me to change my life. Four months after graduating from the bootcamp, I landed my dream job: my first junior software developer position in a very talented team of software engineers and computer scientists... Read More in a very creative startup in Shibuya, Tokyo. I had no prior working experience in Japan nor degree from a Japanese University.The team at Le Wagon Tokyo is absolutely fantastic: Sylvain (the Le Wagon Tokyo founder), the teachers Douglas, Yann and Trouni and Sasha (parternships and events). The teachers are genuinely passionate about teaching you how to code, to share their knowledge and very importantly to teach you how to gain the developer mindset and habits of ""learning by doing"" and ""trail and error"". They were super available and enthusiasts to answer all my questions before, during and after the bootcamp. The support after the bootcamp (during the job hunt phase) was brilliant as well. The content and structure of the curriculum is very well thought, comprehensive and continuously updated. At Le Wagon Tokyo I feel that I have learned more than coding, I learned to become a developer. By this I mean that I have not only learned the fundamentals of coding but more importantly how to code in order to ""build stuff"" (websites or web applications) that users actually want to use! Personally this new approach (i.e. ""learning by building stuff"" ) has been a massive mindset shift. And it is simply the best way to learn how to code and to become a good developer. And I felt that I was taught this mindset from day 1 at Le Wagon. The last 3 weeks of the bootcamp are project weeks with other students. During these weeks I have learned how to work within a team of developers, i.e. how to communicate my ideas and how to use GitHub to share code. I believe that was another excellent preparation to help me land my first developer role. Another amazing point for me (and which is maybe less often mentioned) is the Slack of Le Wagon. From the day you join the bootcamp, you become part of the Le Wagon Slack and have a lifetime access to it! You gain access to a community of more than 9,000 alumni (at the time of writing this review) and teachers all over the world. In addition to Google and Stack Overflow it is an amazing network and resource to find help as a junior developer, to learn new things and to connect with other like minded people and to find a job if you move to another country. Overall, I felt that Le Wagon Tokyo bootcamp and team have provided me with all the environment, tools, quality of teaching and support I needed to learn effectively to succeed and land my first job as a developer. Thank you so much guys for helping to change my life, you are real stars!Read Less",le-wagon
"My background is in business and finance. I learned how to code during my studies but I felt I needed to dive further into some topics in a more structured way. I was not able to take 2 months off to join a full-time bootcamp so I was happy Le Wagon Montreal... Read More offered a part time option. As a private equity and venture capital investor, my rationale for taking this course was to understand how tech businesses were built but also become more efficient with computers at work.What I liked the most about the bootcamp was the quality of the TAs (teacher assistants), the format (for the part-time you watch the lectures whenever you want and focus on solving challenges during class) and the fact that they teach you how to think and solve problems like a developer. Another aspect I enjoyed a lot is that the school has great relationships with the start ups in Montreal.I enjoyed the bootcamp very much and fell in love with tech. Right now I’m focused on building websites on the side and I am even considering joining a tech company.Read Less",le-wagon
"Context: I was a student in batch #402 in Oslo for the web developerBefore joining the Le Wagon boot camp I had spent a few months learning to code on my own using books and websites after having absolutely no exposure to programming for my life at age... Read More 31. I thought I was making fine progress on my own and I was skeptical of the benefit a boot camp could offer me. My personal reservations about joining was whether it would be worth it, the price tag is not inconsiderable after all. While I do recommend preparing as much as possible (and definitely do the prep-work as thoroughly as you can) to get the most out of your time at a boot camp, the progress I experienced in my learning with le wagon was much greater than what I had been able to achieve on my own.The great advantage that the Le Wagon has over something like the career routes I tried from codecademy is that the program is designed holistically. What I mean by this is that rather than taking a whole bunch of separate pieces of knowledge (SQL, JS, RUBY etc) and feeding them to you one after another the program is designed with a single end point in mind. While getting started on the program it was hard to see how it would all be used, but when we got to the ruby on rails section of the syllabus it was like a light went on in my head. I could see that not only was I learning how to use rails, but I had already learned everything I needed to understand just how the different pieces of the rails framework fit together. One of my classmates who found the course very challenging in the beginning and to the middle remarked that at the end it was like things started to click into place. I think this is a reflection of a well designed syllabus.We also got some very valuable experience working in a team on applications. Learning on your own is well and good, if you are able to, but learning the work-flow on github with pushing, pulling and reviewing other’s works is simply impossible to do on your own. For the last parts of the boot camp we got a lot of very useful experience doing this as we took an application from a pitched idea to a finished MVP. I was honestly amazed at what we were capable of creating on our own after such a short time. You can see what we made at www.infitter.net and a demo at https://www.linkedin.com/posts/le-wagon-norway_changeyourlife-learntocode-activity-6724648218480709632-3ny- For myself I am very happy that I took the boot camp, I met some great people along the way and while there is still a lot to learn the shroud of mystery around coding has mostly been lifted, so that I not only know more, but I am better equipped to find information on my own. I would recommend the Le Wagon boot camp to anyone looking to break into the world of programming.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Vincent, before joining the Bootcamp of Le Wagon, I have been an electrician for about 8 years and even if I'm someone who really likes to use his hands and build things, I realized that I wasn't doing something that made me happy and I wanted... Read More to change that. That thought started to grow for 2 years and then a friend of my girlfriend told her about some developer she was working with and how he just loved to code. I had already done some coding when I was younger, but I had a very different vision at this age. This conversation picked my interest really quickly. It's at this point that I started to look for a way to learn to code as soon as possible and that's when I found Le Wagon.The experience was incredible, even with the pandemic going on, I learned so much about coding in just a few weeks. I also learned a lot about how to even get better with my coding. I had the chance to lead a small team of 4 people (myself included) to build an app in just 6 weeks! I feel really well equipped to work as a developer and go on working on personal projects.Read Less",le-wagon
"After spending few months deliberating if Le Wagon would be the right choice for a life change, I can say now that it was one of the greatest experiences in my life. At the beginning you can feel a bit overwhelmed with all the new information you are... Read More learning. Then, you start settling all these new concepts down and finding some sense. And at the end, you create a project from scratch without thinking that few weeks before, you did not know anything about coding. I would recommend 100% Le Wagon to anyone who is interested to change its career and go to the tech path. If you have any doubt about it, do not hesitate to visit them, they always welcome you as they did for me. Big thanks to Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello guys! My name is Micky Macato and I'm 35 yrs old from Philippines. I've been living in Japan for almost 10years. I studied Japanese for a year then been teaching English for the past 9 years. I'm also an entrepreneur. I've been interested with Web... Read More Development when I designed my own website using Weebly. It was cool but it was loading really slow. I have no idea about UI back then, buttons were all over the place, in short it was not pretty. I saw some of my co-workers studying programming on their free time. I got curious and started asking questions whenever we go out for drinks. They motivated me on learning web development too. So I started slowly with CS50 and Freecodecamp trying to feel it first if programming was for me. I also did some research on how many people actually found jobs and changed their career. Also I was concerned with my age as I'm already 34 that time. I felt I'm too old for this. But like they say you'll never know unless you try! and so I did! The school that I was working for had to close for almost three months due to COVID-19. Since I had nothing to do I enrolled online with Codecademy. I felt that if I actually pay for something this will definitely motivate me. Took their Web Development course in three months. I felt that something is still missing. I'm not confident with myself still. I would easily forget what I studied and it's not sticking. So I decided to enroll with Le Wagon Tokyo and took the 9 weeks Full-time FullStack Web Development course last Summer. The first 3weeks was hell! It was painful! I was really struggling in understanding the concepts. But all the teachers we're very supportive and helpful Doug, Trouni and Yann! Always offer their help whenever we get stuck and we're very patient in explaining everything for us! We had to give our pitch (an idea for an app) and mine was Greeter and I was really happy that it was chosen to be presented for our demo day! I got to team up with my talented classmates Samir and Marc. I learned how to work in a team. It was really exciting! Le Wagon Tokyo guided us on how to build our app in 10days! Teaching us different skills, strategies, tips to deliver an amazing app! Sasha and Sylvan even helped me out in practicing my presentation for Demo Day! and just like that 9 weeks went by really fast! After the course they gave us some tips on how to land a job or launch our own start-up. They contacted different people to help us kick-start our career. After several interviews 200plus applications I finally got an offer with a company that I felt I could grow in the future. I'm going to start on Dec 1st as a Full-Stack Web Developer with Willbox a logistics IT company in Minatomirai, Yokohama. I couldn't have done this ofcourse without the help of my family and my very supportive fiancé.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was extremely skeptical before joining this bootcamp for several reasons.1) The main technology / framework / language taught in this program is Ruby on Rails. Which I had never heard of and lately - Python and Javascript are the latest hype.2) It was... Read More a considerably shorter duration than the other programs.3) It wasn’t cheap.4) I had been teaching myself code for several weeks and I thought there wasn’t much a bootcamp would teach me that I couldn’t have taught myself.I was wrong about all of the above.1) Ruby is one of the most elegant languages I've learned. Rails is an extremely powerful framework and the possibilities are limitless.2) 9 weeks was sufficient to get the fundamentals after which you must learn on your own (everything in web dev cannot be taught unless you do it yourself).3) Considering the knowledge I gained. It was worth the money.4) There was so much I didn’t know which made me level up my skills drastically.Also, the staff and TA’s are extremely helpful, polite and care about your success. It becomes one big family at the end of the course. I would do it all over again if I could.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Oslo is an amazing experience. I could not recommend a better Bootcamp in Scandinavia! Before I started at Le Wagon, I worked nearly full-time, so it was important to me that I found a Bootcamp that would accommodate my schedule. That is why... Read More I chose the part-time course, and it was a great decision. The pace of the part-time Bootcamp was great for me. It allowed me to absorb all the material while still being able to work. The course is challenging, but it is also enjoyable and a unique experience you can only get at Le Wagon. The teachers are great too. Of course, the teachers were available during class to help, and they do a great job of explaining things, but many teachers were available to help me on days and nights when I had no class and was working on my own to solve the challenges. This was a big bonus for me and many others in my class. The final projects were my favorite of the whole Bootcamp. I felt like a real dev! Mapping things out in my head, solving problems, and seeing the whole project come together in realtime is an awesome feeling. If you are looking for a Bootcamp, I would very much recommend Le Wagon Oslo.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is not about learning code, is about learning how to learn code. The environment embraces all challenges that we face while learning to code. They encourage you, support you, make you feel strong, and help you to always go ahead. The methodology... Read More is great because makes people learn to code in two months, it's not magic but an amazing educational approach. They have excellent teachers, and I bet one of them will be like that remarkable teacher you had in school. Less than one month after Le Wagon I got my first job as a full stack developer and not because I am good at coding, but because I face the challenge of coding always being resilient and never giving up like Le Wagon taught me.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon Oslo in 2020. Before joining I had minimal experience, only a few paid &amp; free courses online in Python. I have a bachelors in psychology, and was recently out of work. My last job was in tourism... The bootcamp itself was a 9 week... Read More deep dive into the world of coding, and it was worth every minute. I knew I wanted to switch to web development, but I didn't really know how or if it was even possible. I had considered taking a 2nd bachelors in computer science, and had floated the idea of a bootcamp for about 5 years before I finally decided to just go for it.Now, maybe this career path isn't for everyone, so obviously you have to take that into consideration. Highly recommend trying a few courses for yourself online (even free) to make sure it suits your way of thinking, and most importantly, that you enjoy working with it. As for Le Wagon Oslo specifically, it was everything I could ask for. Small batches of students means a lot of hands on time with the teachers. We had a teacher to every 5 students, so someone was always available to help. The buddy system works because even though you're paired, you're doing the programming yourself every day. It is intense. It is a lot of hard work. You will dream about coding. These are long days. And yeah, it's expensive too. But also, I made lifelong friends from the experience. There are many (corona times excluded..) social opportunities. You really feel like you're all in it together, in this big messy logical struggle. If you're into coding, you'll love it.I made a final project that I didn't know was even possible when I started. In just a team of two we built a functioning app to encourage and crowdsource plastic &amp; glass recycling. With that app, built in just two weeks, I was able to pitch myself &amp; the app to many different companies/employers. It was because of the Oslo boot camp, and specifically the app I built, that I'm now employed at a start up here in Oslo as a junior full stack developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to the Le Wagon bootcamp, I was working as a mechanical engineer for my entire career. I wanted to make a career change into tech and after doing research and talking with friends already in the tech career I choose Le Wagon to help get into this... Read More new world. What I liked the most during the bootcamp was the feeling of accomplishment after a long day of code challenges, the never-ending bug solution researches and the friendly environment. These 9 weeks are intense but filled by rich knowledge that will help people of any background have a first solid step into the tech industry. Le Wagon is also filled of capable teachers and alumni all with different specialties, always ready to give you a hand guide you through difficult bugs. I highly recommend Le Wagon bootcamp for anyone who is looking for a fascinating career or want to learn more about software development.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was extremely pleased to join Le Wagon Istanbul because it allowed me to save a lot of time and avoid the hassle of learning to code by myself. Furthermore, it was an optimal solution in my case because on top of gaining knowledge about web development... Read More I also wanted to travel and make new friends, and Istanbul bootcamp had it all. The 9-week program was just perfect for me. During the program what really struck me the most was the mindset that you have while you code, particularly how you solve problems digitally, which is completely different from anything that you've probably done in your life. The best thing is that Le Wagon teaches you how to get the right mindset for programming step by step, which is very helpful. Also, during “Projects Weeks”, where you are supposed to build a completely new startup, I really improved my team-working and project-management skills that I think will be beneficial for anyone who is planning to lead or be part of own/company projects and work in a team environment. On a separate note, Le Wagon Istanbul was extremely welcoming and it really made me feel part of the family. That’s something I really appreciated and related to, because it’s also part of my culture. Again, for me it wasn’t just about coding, it was also about communication, meeting new people, and being in a diverse environment with people coming from different backgrounds. By the way, the very first breakfast that I had at Istanbul's campus was just amazing! That Turkish coffee and delight though!Read Less",le-wagon
"The LeWagon course is more than just a coding bootcamp, It's one of the best things I've done and I would recommend it to anyone considering a career in tech! It was a friendly, fun, and supportive environment and during my time there I felt that the... Read More trainers and everyone involved in running the course wanted the students to do well. I thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience: the wonderful trainers; the team of students; the course content; the structure of the course (love the alternating project and theory weeks as it helps you solidify the concepts and build up a great portfolio); the small class size; and the great place you get to study. Overall I really enjoyed everything I learnt and made some friends; and even though I attended having barely written any code before and from a totally different career path it prepared me for my first developer job.Read Less",le-wagon
"Honestly, I only wish I had decided to do this sooner. I absolutely loved my experience at Le Wagon Montreal. This program is really to give you the tools to think like a developer and introduce you into the tech community. The curriculum had a huge focus... Read More on rest, which I found lacked in the other bootcamps I had applied to, which helped a lot in lowering the stress level and helping the students absorb the huge amount of information coming at us. I also really enjoyed the hybrid format as it was much easier to focus on a Zoom call than in a classroom where there are tons of distractions. Overall, I could not recommend Le Wagon more!Read Less",le-wagon
"The Data Science Bootcamp at Le Wagon was extremely interesting, well beyond my expectations regarding the topics covered and absolutely pushed my career!Even if you just know a little about Python and Statistics, do not be afraid of applying for this... Read More Bootcamp. Le Wagon starts from scratch to make sure everyone is on the same page. However, the learning rate is exponentially ;-) The speed of new topics is high, but all of them are very relevant business-related topcis that you can use from the first week on in your daily (business) life! I was really surprised about myself what I am able to code after just one week bootcamp! The investment of time and money was worth it and I would do it again with Le Wagon. The lecturer and the teaching assistants were great supporters and motivators and above all very smart ;-) You can ask tons of questions during the day and every question will be answered. On top, you can pitch for your own final project and get assistance for it. Also, Girls, go and apply! It will enrich your skills and will make you stand out from the crowd!In conclusion: Demanding, very valuable bootcamp. Big support and huge network of great people to exploit :-)Read Less",le-wagon
"I'd advise to any prospective students to make sure you have a passion for coding. Personally, I wasnt sure whether I liked it or not, but decided to ""trust the process"". Currently, the market is very bad for Junior Developers, so your gonna be up against... Read More computer science grads, and people who eat and sleep coding. If your on the fence, then my advice is do something else. Otherwise you'll find yourself working for peanuts (or nothing). Le Wagon is quite impressive and organised. The staff are very knowledgeable and helpful. However, as a company, they also are experts in the dark arts of marketing/sales. Be very careful.Read Less",le-wagon
"Intensive Bootcamp Incredible team and teachers,Help and push you all the way HIGHLY recommend for anyone wanting to get out of their comfort zone and have a life changing experience.Code is applicable in many areas and help a lot with logical thinking... Read More skills!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was working with customer experience and digital marketing in a startup and started to create a deeper interest in technology. I was seeing in it the opportunity to challenge myself, develop my own projects and live a more meaningful... Read More life. After a lot of research and conversations with the tech team from the company, I found Le Wagon Rio and fell in love immediately. From the first time I saw the website, I knew I wanted to study there!At first, I thought I wasn't going to be able to do it until 2021, but they released a new opportunity of student loan that was exatcly what I needed. Thankfully, everything worked in my interview with Milene Cardoso, the bootcamp manager, and Pedro Meyer, co-founder of the bootcamp in Latin America, and I made my dream come true!The bootcamp experience was wonderful and I'm really happy about the choice I made! All Le Wagon Rio's staff is amazing and super kind - people I want to take with me for life. Meeting people from other countries, being introduced in a worldwide community and receiving support and motivation makes everything so worth it.Now I'm focusing on my career as a freelancer and looking for opportunities, knowing I have the necessary support to give my best on this new journey!Read Less",le-wagon
"I can say for sure that was the best decision I've ever made so far! I've been working with Design for the past 7 years and I was not happy with the area anymore so I began to study coding by myself for about a year but getting nowhere. I was originally... Read More enrolled in the part-time Bootcamp but after a couple of days, and already in love with the methodology, I decided to drop it all (my current unsatisfying job and plans) and dive into the full-time batch! At Le Wagon they say that the Bootcamp is not a sprint, is a marathon! And that could not be more accurate, is a really intensive learning marathon. I was really scared at first with the idea of letting go of everything in the middle of such a confusing year, with the Covid epidemic crisis and all, but I dedicated myself to the program and it all paid off! Just about two weeks after concluding the Bootcamp I got my first job experience! The platform is amazing and complete with a lot of extra and useful content (I use it almost every day), the teacher's team and the whole staff are really passioned and always there for you.Read Less",le-wagon
"I believe Le Wagon is the best place to change your life. I was a complete beginner before I joined Le Wagon and the biggest fear I had going into the bootcamp was that I wouldn’t be able to learn how to code. However, I learned so much in the first 2... Read More weeks, that I grew confident and realized that I was capable of a lot more than I had expected. That feeling of conquering a fear, learning something new, it was the most rewarding experience.I really enjoyed the curriculum and challenge-based learning. I’ve always felt that practice makes perfect and I realise now that this is also the best way to learn how to code. As someone who has always liked design, I found the front-end section of the curriculum to be the most enjoyable of the bootcamp and learning CSS and Javascript was greatI really enjoyed building a new startup in the last 2 weeks of the bootcamp. Our team realized what we were capable of and created a unique web app by working extremely well together. I still miss the bootcamp a lot. The daily routine and feeling that we were on a learning journey, discovering something new on a daily basis; that was amazingThe team spirit with my other buddies from the bootcamp was fantastic and I miss chatting with them and solving coding problems together. I look forward to keeping in touch and seeing how they develop as coders. Outside of coding, Le Wagon was the first time that I’ve been in such a diverse environment. Communicating with people from all over the world was a great experience for me, it really broadened my horizons. My time with Le Wagon was completely unique and after I graduated I was especially surprised by the size of Le Wagon’s global network of 9,000 alumni. Everyone is on Slack which means that you can contact them with the push of a button.I check Le Wagon’s alumni channel at least twice a week and receive really useful notifications which are helping me to continue learning through the network.Thanks to Le Wagon I’ve discovered a passion for software development, especially on the front-end. My goals now are much clearer and I’m looking for a good income at a great tech company which has a friendly and positive work-culture.Read Less",le-wagon
"The bootcamp I attended was 100% remote, since it took place during the most sensible period of the pandemic. Nevertheless, the staff worked really hard so we could experience all the tools and cool things of a regular classroom course. Online classes... Read More every morning, then sitting on a virtual table to code in pairs and solve complex challenges, until a live code in group at the end of the day. Teachers would constantly join us at the table to help with the challenges, and it was great to always have their help. The school often organized virtual lunches with former students, happy hours and even yoga classes! The last three weeks were dedicated to projects, and we proposed and created two awesome web applications, in groups. It was a great experience and I miss it already.Read Less",le-wagon
"My Le Wagon experience happened during the SARS-COVID-19 quarantine, when much of the world was in crisis and staying home, so I was able to experience Le Wagon Mexico entirely from my small midwest USA hometown remotely and let me just say, I'm SO grateful!... Read More They did such a great job of helping us to feel like a team though we were spread out by thousands of miles, pairing us with a buddy to work with online each day to complete challenges together in a fun videochat/messaging platform, beginning the day with live lectures, and ending the day with a live code challenge to help us to learn to apply each days' skills. We ended the camp having built 3 fully functional web apps, from back to front and skills to help us accomplish all of our post-bootcamp goals. The teachers and assistants were amazing, even continuing to build relationships post-bootcamp, I felt so completely encouraged and supported. I got a job as a Full Stack Developer just over a month after completing the course. You can't go wrong with Le Wagon, and I highly recommend Mexico City's campus! Tell them I sent you and say ""Hi"" for me!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before you consider joining Le Wagon, you should ask yourself: “are you ready to change your life?”, because Le Wagon really was life-changing, and if you enjoy coding and are eager to learn, then it’s the perfect place to be.I really wanted to discover... Read More how to code quickly and efficiently, that’s when I discovered that Le Wagon was launching their first bootcamp in Istanbul!I’m extremely happy that Le Wagon came here. It will really help young people like me in Turkey by giving us an opportunity to change our careers, in our homeland.I learned some magical things with Le Wagon that were extremely helpful. Learning Ruby and Rails in the first half of the bootcamp was brilliant.During the last 3 weeks (Projects Weeks) we were putting everything we learned into practice by building a startup. We discussed new features we should add and we became a real software development teamThe structure of the curriculum, and its emphasis on practical based learning through coding challenges, was an extremely effective way of learning how to code. I really enjoyed it and I wish they taught everything like this.In my opinion, the teaching assistance you get is the biggest difference between learning by yourself and learning with Le Wagon. The teachers played a huge role. They were amazing characters and their knowledge and experience was incredible. They were also very helpful and friendly.The environment was extremely motivating because we were surrounded by like-minded and ambitious people. It was very cozy, time really flew by. You don’t even know what day it is, you just sleep, eat and code. The campus was great, it was really accessible and in the heart of Istanbul. It’s great design helped a lot and taking in the view of the Bosphorus was the perfect way to unwind if you were stuck on a challenge.Thanks to Le Wagon, I was able to discover a passion for back-end coding. Now that I’ve graduated I will be applying to back-end Junior Software Developer positions knowing that I have the necessary skills and enthusiasm to get the job doneAfter the 9-week bootcamp, Le Wagon Istanbul offered a “Career Week” for free, which is a great opportunity to meet with lots of alumni from previous batches who have gotten jobs in the tech industry.The strength of Le Wagon’s community and network is amazing, and we loved hearing alumnis stories and journeys, and they provided in-depth insights into what it’s like to be a software developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"My background is in marketing and strategy consulting, I was interested in learning to code for the entrepreneurial side, Le Wagon provided a huge amount of content beyond the code from product pain point, user stories to building an MVP in a project... Read More team. From their friendly and supportive teaching staff, my batch buddies, diverse backgrounds, through to the course content made for an amazing experience!A few weeks before I started in April - lockdown began, I had some reservations given the circumstances. I was impressed and reassured with how flexible and accommodating Le Wagon were (gave everyone the option to continue/stop or change onto the part-time as I did and communicated regularly), and they also made the remote sessions seamless with the engagement of in-person classes!Easy to see why they are rated #1, you get a huge amount for the fee, not to mention the incredible community and access to learning after the course! I definitely recommend Le Wagon if you are interested in tech or coding, if you're on the fence you also won't be disappointed - it's an important skill to have right now, and you can also try some of their free sessions beforehand if in any doubt.Read Less",le-wagon
"For me the experience was very good, leaving the comfort zone, I was able to learn things that I thought would be impossible, with the intensive, immersive method and learning how to search information, it was a perfect combination to make learning interesting... Read More and effective.Read Less",le-wagon
"Pros:- Learn by doing: You'll be productive very quickly in their chosen stack- Learning how to learn: I found that after LeWagon I'm picking new CS concepts and tools much more quickly- Huge alumni network: if you are sufficiently socially savvy you'll... Read More find support for you career shift, your new freelancing gig or your new startup. Anywhere in the world.Cons:- Their chosen stack (Ruby + Rails) is not as hot as it was a few years ago, you'll need to pick up more skills by yourself as you'll go along- The program is very much practical and result oriented, so they don't waste any time teaching you the fundamentals of algorithms, data structures and complexity. You'll also need to pick these up by yourself later.Read Less",le-wagon
"I really loved my whole experience at Le Wagon. It was not easy at all, but it was exactly what I was looking for. Awesome teachers and a very attentive staff made the experience very special. At first I was looking for some bootcamp to empower my career... Read More as data analyst, but now I am willing to go deep into web development world, and that is because I had the support I needed from them. No regrets!Read Less",le-wagon
"An amazing experience I would recommend to anyone!The level of support you receive from teachers and TAs, the amazingly involved and supportive community, the highly professional and approachable ed staff make the bootcamp a fun and rewarding course.... Read MoreThe buddy system and group projects help you bond with other students, learn how to collaborate and appreciate other people's coding viewpoints.I was certainly expecting to learn a lot but it went way beyond my expectations both with respect of the curriculum and the human aspect.Read Less",le-wagon
"“Prior to joining Le Wagon’s bootcamp I was working full time and had just turned down pursuing a PhD. I had zero knowledge or background in coding, but I love learning, creating and am deeply motivated. Le Wagon fulfilled me in all these ways and opened... Read More a whole new world of growth and endless development. Everything from course syllabus, learning pace, approachability of all staff - both teaching and non-teaching and bootcamp environment was beyond my expectation and perfectly supportive to my learning and development! Would highly recommend Le Wagon for anyone considering a life changing move in career or otherwise!”Read Less",le-wagon
"Part One: Life before Le WagonBefore joining Le Wagon I always found myself tinkering around with different programming languages in different jobs over the years. I would challenge myself to build new tools that would make my life a bit easier (especially... Read More when dealing with mundane, repetitive tasks) and my team's workflow more efficient. It didn't take me long to realise that this 'tinkering' was becoming my favourite part of the day so I thought ""why not make it my full-time occupation?"".Part Two: Choosing the bootcamp that's right for meIn a market saturated with coding bootcamps, finding ""the one"" was no easy task. I spent quite a few evenings researching online and reading endless reviews. The pattern I saw emerging from people's reviews was the excitement with which they talked about the Le Wagon community. So it wasn't just the carefully crafted curriculum, the pride they took in their final projects or the above-and-beyond support they received from the staff; it was that all this was happening in a community of people that were excited about technology and loved their craft. This was where I wanted to be. So I putt my application forward.Part Three: Life during the bootcampCombining a coding bootcamp with a full-time job was not easy. But our teachers were always there to help, encourage us and lift our mood when coding challenges were proving hard. Additionally, the team spirit of my batch (batch 390 - London) meant that we would all help each other along the way. The curriculum was structured in a way that every step of the way was the logical consequence of the ones that came before it. Everything eventually tied together and made sense.Part Four: Life after the bootcampLooking back at it, it was one of the best decisions in my life. Le Wagon taught me how to think like a programmer, how to look for answers and how to progressively refine a product. I feel confident that I have all the skills necessary to become a full-stack developer. Needless to say I am really proud of the final project I built with the help of two other amazing students that I can now call friends. But above all else I know that I am now part of a community that's always there to lend a help whenever I need it.Read Less",le-wagon
"6 months ago I’ve decided to pursue a career in Web Development, with no prior experience in programming. A friend of mine just graduated from Le Wagon and he was really happy with the experience so I decided to have a look. Having a full time job and... Read More Le Wagon offering a part-time version of their bootcamp was the perfect fit for my needs. I didn’t know at the time but I made the right decision.The bootcamp was very intense but I’d love every moment of it. The curriculum is very complete and is aimed to get you fully prepared to get a Junior Full Stack position after graduating (you definitely need to work hard tho!) Teachers and TA’s are very knowledgeable and friendly, they all have been through the bootcamp themselves so they know how to support and guide students at all times.Overall I couldn’t be happier about my time at Le Wagon. I now have the tools and resources to land a job in tech and keep learning by myself.Thanks to all the Le Wagon team and its community, you changed my life. Keep rocking!Read Less",le-wagon
"It was an amazing experience, with an incredible staff, Kitt platform is a game changing feature, the slack community is alive and always helpful, joining the bootcamp was the best decision i've ever made. I've recently graduated (1 month) and am already... Read More working...Read Less",le-wagon
"One of the best decisions i've made was taking the Le Wagon Bootcamp! I used to work with sales but decided to become a developer at 29 years of age, a very scary decision but the moment that I had my first class I knew i made the right decision. I joined... Read More the bootcamp because in two months I would be able to work with programming with programming as well as having a huge supporting network. After 9 intense weeks we learned Ruby on Rails, Javascripts, CSS, HTML and SQL and made an awesome project. Now, with the knowledge and experience i've aquired im opening a startup that will hopefully become a sucessfull company!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I have been working in the travel industry for around 6 years. My passion however was anything creative, and within IT, so programming was an obvious choice. I spent several years trying to self teach myself things like HTML, CSS and JS,... Read More but without guidance and actual products to work on, I knew it would be difficult to get work.I'd already looked into other boot camps such as General Assembly or Flat Iron and others, not feeling that they suited me best. I was working full time and wanted to become a full stack web developer, so in the end the best choice that fit for me was Le Wagon, and after reading reviews I knew I made the right choice. This was further confirmed after graduating, as Le Wagon really knows what they're doing, and provide you with the right tools to get a start in the industry. The teaching style works really well and the support of TAs who themselves did the boot camp, meant that they were in my shoes exactly at one point in the past, so learning from them was easy.I can't thank the Le Wagon team enough for the journey, and the eventual destination in a dream job.Read Less",le-wagon
"From delivering parcels to delivering two finished web projects in just 9 weeks plus gaining ton of new skills and meeting amazing people. This is my story with Le Wagon – London, the course that is changing my life. First of all I have to say that Le... Read More Wagon has the most amazing teachers I have had in my life that actually made me want to go and study even more when I finished the course. I compare them with the ones I’ve had in school, university and college, which were nowhere near as good as the ones in Le Wagon. All of the staff are super kind and fun to talk to and they give you this great confidence, that one need to succeed in what he is doing. In just 9 weeks of intensive studying we’ve learned a wide range of coding languages and skills, I’ve probably learned more than I have in my 30 years on this planet. My team’s final project www.allsmart.uk was done under just 10 days only with the knowledge we gained with the course thanks to this amazing team of people to which I will be forever grateful. Thank you Le Wagon for giving me a better purpose in life and the knowledge to achieve it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I finished batch #423 in London at the beginning of September and feel like a different person in a very positive way. Le Wagon took me from a very basic understanding of programming to being able to develop full stack web applications in only 9 weeks.... Read More What I liked about the program was the progression and learning everything in stages, and building on what we had learned on previously. This made the learning process smoother as all the building blocks are put together over the duration of the bootcamp and you grow far more confident and your coding abilities improve vastly. What also attracted me to Le Wagon was that they have 39 campuses all over the world and that the international community of alumni (which is very engaging may I add) are all accessible through Slack.I feel this will benefit me greatly in the future as someone who wants to work overseas. If you are considering Le Wagon, go for it. The experience has changed my life and opened the doors to what I can truly achieve through programming.Read Less",le-wagon
"An amazing course for me! I was a complete beginner and within 9 weeks I managed to become a junior web developer with the help of all the wonderful teachers and assistants. I couldn't recommend it more willingly. You'll be out of your comfort zone, constantly... Read More challenged but trust that the process works. They really have structured it brilliantly. Thank you!Read Less",le-wagon
"Check my post for a very thorough review, and for an honest list of things to consider when choosing a Web Development Bootcamp.https://medium.com/@berveco/sooo-how-was-the-coding-bootcamp-3fd6a7c6757c?source=friends_link&amp;sk=ffa37789c331ce9df6b8d89d47ab5a8a... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
"One thing that I continually reminded myself of throughout the course, was “trust the process”. I perpetually felt out of my depth in the early stages, due to how intense it was and how much information I was trying to fit in my brain in such a short... Read More space of time. As time went on though, things got easier and started to make more sense. This was helped massively by the fact the Teaching Assistants were there every step of the way to guide and support us. At the beginning of the 9 weeks, I never anticipated being in the position I would be at the end of it and completing a final project that I was proud of with people that I genuinely enjoyed working with. To all the staff at Le Wagon and my fellow students, thank you. It was an absolute pleasure.Read Less",le-wagon
"Fuí alumno de Lewagon Buenos Aires , donde tuve mi primer contacto con la programación, es increíble todo lo que se aprende en tan poco tiempo , el apoyo de los profesores y de todo el equipo hace sea posible lograr los objetivos, al poco tiempo de terminar... Read More el bootcamp ya conseguí mi primer trabajo como fulls tack dev. Muy feliz por la decisión de haber elegido Lewagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Lewagon remotely as a recent business administration graduate with only very basic knowledge of python and SQL. The program was very thoroughly designed. Due to Lewagon’s internal application named Kitt, it was easy to follow and you did not... Read More have the feeling of missing out on anything, although sitting on your desk at home. At all times, the course has been reasonably challenging, whilst a steep learning curve was guaranteed by supportive teaching assistants and the vast amount of course material. The final project in the last two weeks has been a great opportunity to apply all the learnings in a real-life scenario. It helped a lot to internalise and get a sense of the tasks of an actual data scientist. All in all I can clearly recommend the camp to anyone who is interested in data science or coding in general.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was always passionate about technology and after graduating a law masters degree in IT law, I decided to join Le Wagon Bootcamp in London. I was not disappointed from the super helpful TAs to how the course was structured, I’m fully happy with my decision.... Read More During 9 intense weeks I managed to grasp the basic knowledge and skills to be able to work on projects by myself, after completing a fully-working website, Fitmapp, with a team of 2 other people.Read Less",le-wagon
Joining Le Wagon was definetely the best choice i could have ever taken in my life. I was already studying for a software degree when i decided to join Le Wagon and i got interested because i wanted to see the other face of programming since i was more... Read More focused on back end development and i would've liked to experience the whole web programming world. The way the teaching made me feel was as if even if i wouldn't have come from a programming oriented life i still could have learned all the stuff surrounding it thanks to the great teachers and the way they explained the concepts. And i think that the best part about the whole bootcamp is the fact that you leave already with a functional app from which you can start any project you decide to embark on.Read Less,le-wagon
"Prior to the Le Wagon bootcamp, I was working in aviation for my entire career. I wanted to make a career change into tech and doing a bootcamp was a natural and easy choice for me to help me tap my toes into the industry. I found Le Wagon after a serious... Read More of research and have spoken to a friend who completed her bootcamp with Le Wagon Barcelona and was super happy about her experience. I like that Le Wagon compared to other bootcamps available, are more focused on building the foundations of create an end product. This really helps for people like myself who have zero tech knowledge and background and be able to see what I would be able to build during and after the bootcamp. Additionally, all of the staff at Le Wagon Montreal are extremely approachable, helpful and really care for the students to ensure that its a right fit for you. I would highly recommend Le Wagon if anyone is every considering doing a bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi,I have been asked to review my experience at Le Wagon Tokyo and it is with pleasure that I do so.I would like to share here why I decided to join this Bootcamp, what I gained from it and how I would like to use these new skills.A little self-introduction,... Read More I am french, 34 y.o living in Tokyo for 10 years leading one of the largest French company to grow in Asia.I had a comfortable situation, good salary, respect and consideration from my peers. However, I felt that my experience reached a limit, I got asked to get back to France to become a director and settle down there.I refused and wanted another challenge.I navigated in the world of tech, digital, and innovation for a long time, but haven't really taken time or effort to dedicate myself to learning what it means to be in the tech side of the force.I thought I knew. If you read this and you are not a developer, you think you know too... but trust me... you don't.Why?Joining Le Wagon, my aim wasn't to become a full-time developer but to be part of the crew and understand better the digital world. Speaking the same language and mostly being able to prototype my tech ideas.In short, LW is a well-structured program, complete and product-oriented which I enjoyed - particularly at the end of the program, where it becomes more real, visual, usable. But I won't lie, it wasn't easy, I struggled, a lot and for ""once"" I wasn't the best / smartest in the room. I took my pride, put it on the side, got more humble, hanged on, and most of all trusted the process.The programYou have to prep BEFORE the Bootcamp. It's really important to decide at least 1 month prior.Don't worry, teachers are great and will take it step by step. But I would advise to start get familiar with some notions earlier to be aware of the vocabulary and concepts.You know - returning an array- calling a method?....Le Wagon starts from the basics - reviewing all aspects of Ruby and how things works. How it works and why.you'll team up with someone different every day to do the exercises to support you and learn teamwork. You'll learn back end - front end - and finally how frameworks works.RUBY - JS - SQL - HTML - CSS - REACT you'll learn a lot of different languages. No worries, you'll have to handle them because you'll have some projects/products to work on and to pitch to the world :)Teacher are Amazing, Dedicated and will give all they got to help you 1 - Will question you to make you understand by yourself how to realize what you have in mind 2- Help you out if too complicated 3 - Make you feel like an idiot when you actually are one and got the answer all by yourself from the beginning... -You just needed someone to make you realize that you were actually an idiot :) and that's ok!:) $It is a money and time investment!So it means that you need to dedicate yourself to it for the whole Bootcamp. Don't take it lightly.If you wanna change your career or create something new, you got a whole organization and network which can make your ideas up and running for real. Use this time to try/craft your ideas.OverallYou will become a product-oriented Fullstack dev with a network of 8000+ alumni.I learned a lot thanks to Le Wagon. And I know that I am capable of releasing a Webapp as of today. I feel that I'll be able to use these skills either in the corp world and in my future start up projects. It's a door a whole new world, one that you'll be able to eat bit by byte.Read Less",le-wagon
"Lorsque j'ai décidé de changer radicalement de carrière professionnelle pour devenir développeur, plusieurs options de formation s'offraient à moi. J'ai opté pour celle du Wagon qui me semblait vraiment correspondre à mes attentes: aujourd'hui je suis... Read More convaincu d'avoir fait le bon choix! - Il y a d'abord la question de la rapidité: je suis le premier surpris du niveau de connaissances acquis en seulement 9 semaines. Certes le rythme des cours était très intense, parfois difficile à tenir ; il faut s'y préparer mentalement! Mais la pertinence pédagogique et l'encadrement des professeurs nous ont permis d'acquérir des compétences complexes qui me semblent aujourd'hui naturelles et aller de soi. - Le contenu des cours ensuite: en tant qu'ancien enseignant, la pertinence pédagogique est pour moi un élément très important. Or, force est de constater que l'organisation des cours au Wagon est mûrement réfléchie. Chaque nouvelle connaissance théorique abordée en cours est manipulée par les étudiants dans un nombre incalculable d'exercices concrets ; si bien que ces connaissances finissent par devenir des automatismes qui viennent fortifier notre pratique de futur développeur. Ces exercices sont eux-mêmes ré-exploités dans des projets finaux poussés en production et qui constituent nos premières réalisations de développeurs.- La qualité de l'équipe enfin: tous les enseignant qui interviennent pendant ces 9 semaines de formation sont eux-mêmes d'anciens élèves du wagon. Ils connaissent pleinement les difficultés auxquelles nous nous confrontons puisqu'ils les ont vécues eux-mêmes! Leurs remarques sont toujours très pertinentes et rassurantes. Plutôt que de nous donner les réponses aux problèmes que nous rencontrons, ils nous aident à trouver la solution par nous-mêmes en nous guidant sur la bonne voie. Et cela dans la bonne humeur et la bienveillance.Au final, je recommande chaleureusement la formation du Wagon pour toutes celles et ceux qui, comme moi il y a quelques mois, rêvent de devenir développeurs et hésitent à franchir le cap, en se disant que c'est trop tard, trop dur ou tout simplement impossible. Il suffit juste de prendre le train en marche!Read Less",le-wagon
"Graduated from batch # 443 While looking for recommendations by myself on how to learn how to code, and stuck in ''tutorial hell'', my friend, who is also a gradute at Le Wagon recommended this bootcamp to me. I was kind of skeptical about the remote... Read More part, but, just in matter of days, that dissapeared. If you have time because of the lockdown and want to learn to code, I recommend Le Wagon 100%, the attention they give you it's just as much as if you were in person at the campus. And what I loved is at the last 3 weeks, it shows how working in groups simulates what your day to day would look like if you decide to join a company to work as a developer. In 9 intensive weeks, I learned more than what I've learned at my university in two yearsRead Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon London’s Data Science and Machine Learning course (batch 424) in August of 2020 to build on my CS knowledge and gain a stronger understanding of how to use programming languages and tools to more efficiently work with complex data... Read More sets when making business decisions. The nine week course had a natural learning progression starting with data collection and storage, to investigating and cleaning, then working with python machine learning libraries for predictive analytics, and finally onto pipeline deployment in a live environment. I would strongly recommend this course to anyone with a passion for using data to problem solve looking to get a leg up in their careers.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before the Bootcamp, I had spent the last ten months seeking employment in the financial services industry with fairly little success and then just as I began to make progress in securing a grad scheme, a global pandemic took hold and life was put on... Read More hold. However, as the saying goes: ""every cloud has a silver lining"", in my case this disruption to my post-uni-career-launch allowed for a reassessment of my goals and ambitions. I had, for a long time been fascinated with the application of coding and the growing importance of data but always considered them supplementary skills to a professional financial qualification. After months of research and talking with people, it's now very clear that the reality is quite the opposite! I had heard about Le Wagon through a family friend and looked into joining as early as February but the only course on offer was the Web Development one and although the application of web development is cool and a useful skill I wasn't sure it was quite for me given that my interests lean more heavily on data analytics and then Le Wagon London launched its Data Science Bootcamp - the timing was perfect. The Bootcamp itself was incredibly intensive from before the get-go with forty hours of prep-work but it set the tone nicely for the nine-weeks of hard-work!I'll admit it, I was nervous to see if the Bootcamp could be as successful as previous batches given the current social climate with social distance enforcement but the teaching staff absolutely smashed it and the learning experience was fantastic and fluent. Despite being thrown in the deep-end from Day 1, the TA's did a great job and showed great patience, going slowly where required, through every ticket raised during the daily live challenges and adequately answering or referring questions.My favourite part of the Bootcamp has to be the final project - for mine, my team used machine learning algorithms to accurately predict the results of premier league football matches, solely relying on the data we collected rather than any existing domain knowledge. The project was largely a success and combined almost everything we had covered in the 7 weeks before as well as more, which is likely an excellent reflection of what's to come in my forthcoming career as a data scientist.Read Less",le-wagon
"There sure are a ton of choices out there nowadays when it comes to online learning or bootcamps for all sorts of subjects. It can be hard to filter out legit from the less legit courses. But one coding course I can certainly vouch for is Le Wagon! I... Read More joined the pool of international alumni of Le Wagon in September 2020 after completing the intensive 9-week program in Montreal. What makes this course absolutely unique in my opinion is the obvious amount of preparation that was put into this course. I came into this adventure with a background in music, so I had no previous experience coding whatsoever. So, without a doubt, there are times during this course when you ask yourself how the heck you will be able to process the amount of material that is given to you on a daily base… that's when it is especially important to remember the most important motto at Le Wagon: ""Trust the process!"". And you MUST trust it because it really works! As I progressed through the course there often were these moments when previous material came back into the picture and finally made sense. But the magic happens in the last three weeks of the course when we worked on our 2 final projects. We had to build two apps from the ground up, which does seem daunting at first. Very daunting!!! But quickly enough I realized why Le Wagon is structured the way it is. And yes, the course is so beautifully structured, but what makes it just perfect is the amazing teachers we have during the course, as well as TAs who have been through the process recently, and the buddy system which means you always have access to someone to talk code with, help you understand or solidify the concepts. Le Wagon welcomes people of all walks of life, with the most diverse backgrounds. I met so many amazing people during this course with whom I know I will have long-lasting friendships. So this course is for ANYONE who is motivated to learn and have a strong start to the wonderful world of code! I certainly could have learned to code on any of the many online courses, but I am certain that by now I still would be a long while away from building an app from scratch, I would not have the tools or confidence to start working in the industry so quickly and I would not be part of the biggest and most amazing coding community on planet earth!Read Less",le-wagon
"I enrolled in the Le Wagon web development bootcamp from July until September 2020. I couldn't have been happier with what I learned, with the support I got, and how they prepared me for the future. The curriculum is focused on product which makes it... Read More very diverse and prepares well to tackle all aspects of full stack development. I found the teachers incredibly knowledgable and involved in making the student's journey as best as possible. It was at times challenging but also extremely rewarding. Once finished you actually have a couple of products to add to your portfolio. I would highly recommend Le Wagon to everyone who wants to learn coding and build products.Read Less",le-wagon
A very rich experience and really intense : it's incredible how many things you can learn and assimilate in just 2 months. We know that we still have to work a lot to become a good developer but that's a great base on which we can rely on today. The staff... Read More is friendly and trying hard every time to make students become more confident on themselves. I'm very happy about Le Wagon bootcamp and do not regret a single second of having chosen this training.Read Less,le-wagon
"Joining Le Wagon bootcamp was a life-changing experience for me. As a person with a background in finance from University and a full-time trader in the stock market, learning to code gave me many more tools to advance in my career. At Le Wagon I learned... Read More the skill set to build web applications for my personal projects. Also, I now have many more opportunities to join financial tech firms. The amount of resources that Le Wagon gave me to find new opportunities in the tech world is outstanding and I am very glad to be part of this amazing organizationRead Less",le-wagon
"Extremely intense bootcamp, hand on, constantly challenging the brightest of students. During the bootcamp i learned how to build web applications from scratch... with everything involving back and as well as front end. ... Le Wagon thas taught me to... Read More create a product, but also taught me how to think and solve problems like a developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"Embarking on the 9-week long Data Science journey with Le Wagon was the best career decision I have made. It equipped me with all the technical skills and theoretical knowledge necessary to set my foot in the industry as a data scientist, while establishing... Read More an inspiring community of people with various backgrounds. My favourite aspect of the bootcamp was the availability and helpfulness of teachers and our own data science project at the end of the programme where my team created a skin cancer detection machine learning algorithm, something I knew little about before joining Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a student in batch #423 of Le Wagon (London, 2020) and loved the experience. I came from a self employed and sports background (and heavy gamer as a hobby) and was looking for web development training to be able to transition into technical role.... Read MoreLe Wagon provides in 9 weeks a very complete training on the basics of front &amp; back-end web development, enabling you to very easily continue learning code quickly by yourself. As a bonus, it gives you a good flavor of what is product development, pitching a project and entrepreneurship. It has a great and extremely available teaching staff, great courses and resources that remain fully available after the end of the training. Rhythm is intense but very balanced between courses, exercises and conferences with entrepreneurs. Atmosphere is extremely friendly and motivating. Looking at former students’ careers evolution after le Wagon, this training really answers to a wide range of objectives: become a developer, entrepreneur or just gain technical background. In summary, great staff and it was an amazing journey!Read Less",le-wagon
"After applying to the Le Wagon Web Development course in London , Rebecca was the first person I was spoke to. She is an amazing and very friendly person. Also she will make sure that the course is the right choice for you and you’ll have a great learning... Read More experience during the course . I had no coding experience before I started the Web Development course and I was afraid that I would never be able to learn how to code in just 9 weeks but as soon as I started the course I knew I had made the right choice joining Le Wagon Bootcamp . The way of teaching and the curriculum is great. Every day you have the chance to be paired with a different person and the experience is amazing, always learning from each other and of course from the best teachers .I feel that I did the best decision joining the Le Wagon bootcamp and I will highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in IT.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon’s 9 week web development bootcamp was a door-opening experience and one that lived up to more than my expectations. It certainly was intense and tiring, but I enjoyed every moment and am astounded by the amount that I have learnt in such a short... Read More period of time. On top of coding every day, you meet so many like-minded students and teachers that make the experience ever more rewarding. At the end, you become part of a large community of Le Wagon alumni, with continuous support and opportunities, such that the experience never ends! I definitely would recommend Le Wagon to anyone thinking about moving into the world of tech.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before the boot camp I had just come back from travelling. I wanted to start a career in the software development industry, I was recommended this course from an alumni who was a family friend. I thought I would give the course a go and I’m very glad... Read More I did. Instantly we were working with other people on the course, coding alongside each other. When you first start learning any coding language it’s a pretty daunting task. But with the TA’s constantly on call ready to jump in and explain anything I didn’t understand, you pick it up rapidly. The best part about the course, aside from learning how to create a fully functional web application in under 9 weeks, was the community Le Wagon is. I enjoyed every moment of the boot camp and will miss all the TA’s and students in batch 423. I’m looking forward to using all of the hard and soft skills they’ve given me, as well as being a part of the Le Wagon community.Read Less",le-wagon
"I discovered Le Wagon after googling coding boot camps because I was trying to learn to code and eventually find a job in tech. As someone who comes from a social sciences background, self-studying seemed like a good idea in my mind, but in practice,... Read More it was extremely challenging. I am now very happy that I chose Le Wagon because the fantastic support and guidance I received during my 9 weeks there gave me the confidence and technical knowledge to launch my own projects and to keep leaning new coding concepts on my own afterward. I would have never believed if someone told me that I could build a fully functional web service in just 2 weeks, but Le Wagon proved me wrong. One of the things that stood out to me the most was the sheer amount of coding we did every day. It was intense in a good way. I can now confidently say that I am used to that intensity, and the discipline Le Wagon instilled into me will be a massive advantage in my future work.Read Less",le-wagon
"J'ai intégré la formation Développeur Web Fullstack au Wagon Bordeaux en Juillet 2020. L'objectif était de réussir ma reconversion professionnelle de la Comptabilité au Développement web. Bilan après 9 semaines intensives : Une aventure incroyable et... Read More unique. Techniquement, la méthodologie d'apprentissage est très bien rodée : Une multitude de ressources sont à disposition, une équipe pédagogique qualifiée et attentive. Humainement, j'ai passé 9 semaines riches en belles rencontres. J'ai apprécié l'état d'esprit du wagon. Beaucoup d'entraide et une bonne ambiance. La formation se termine par 3 semaines de projets en groupe. C'est la mise en pratique de tous les acquis des semaines précédentes. Le rythme des 9 semaines est intense, il faut donc être bien préparé en amont et ne rien lâcher. C'est une véritable expérience de vie! Merci Le Wagon Bordeaux :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I highly recommend the full-time Data Science course from Le Wagon, which I finished in September this year, via remote learning. Also I'm an alumni of the web development bootcamp in 2018 in London. During the Data Science course I received the same... Read More great quality learning experience as in 2018. During the two-months of the Data Science course ( having no previous knowledge about data science) I received job ready theoretical and practical skills in the field of data science from. Everything about the data science course was great, (as it always is with Le Wagon). The teachers were super competent, always eager to help, and explained very complex topics in such a way that every student understood it very well. Also the career assistance services at Le Wagon are of great help in finding a job in the industry. Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I started at Le Wagon, I was working for a small tech start-up in a Business Development role. I absolutely loved the company however I came to realise I wanted to be more involved in the tech side of things, and therefore decided to enrol in the... Read More bootcamp to make this happen. This was the best career decision I’ve made to date.Of course I was nervous at the thought of learning so many new things in such a short period of time, but the Le Wagon staff are amazingly supportive even before your official ‘first day’. I felt excited more than anything when my first day came round. Le Wagon was undoubtedly the most intense learning experience of my life, but somehow I enjoyed every minute. I absolutely loved challenging myself, and learning new technologies, and my course mates and the staff were so supportive, you really never felt like you were asking a ‘silly question’. I was particularly excited to be entering the world of Tech as a woman, an industry we are notoriously underrepresented in – and found so many inspiring women on my journey, both studying alongside me and as teaching staff. I admire Le Wagon’s goal to get more women involved in tech, and look forward to contributing to this mission myself.I would recommend the Le Wagon bootcamp to anyone who is wanting a change of career, looking to upskill themselves or simply wanting a challenge. I feel like you are not only paying for the teaching and resources, but also buying into an insanely supportive community which you can rely on for life!Read Less",le-wagon
"I highly recommend le Wagon not only if you want to change your career, but if you also want to to advance in your existing career! Technology is becoming increasingly important in all sectors, and this was why I attended le Wagon: to stay relevant and... Read More to move forward. Those 9 weeks are intense and they challenge your intelligence and resilience, but the amount of information you learn is unbelievable! The program is so well built from day 1 and until you present your final project. The teachers are absolutely top-notch, world-class educators, and the environment is very friendly and supportive. I applied for a job that I thought was a very long shot while I was at le Wagon, and I got it! It was a huge step up in my career, and the main reason I was chosen over other candidates was my (fairly new) knowledge in technology. I started the new job a week after I finished at le Wagon. This IS the best bootcamp out there. Don’t think twice!Read Less",le-wagon
"Best experience ever!Amazing instructors, great curriculum, and awesome support.After a lot of research I found Le Wagon and I can say that was the best experience I had.Thanks for all support, I'm really happy with all we build together.Best bootcamp... Read More for sure.Read Less",le-wagon
"Je serai parfaitement honnête: étudier au Wagon n'a que des avantages! L'expérience est extrêmement exigeante et requiert une implication totale, mais ultimement les bénéfices en valent largement la peine. Le programme est très bien construit, la courbe... Read More d’apprentissage peut être abrupte parfois mais l’équipe du Wagon met à notre disposition tellement de ressources qu’on ne se sent jamais largué. En 9 semaines, on apprend les rudiments de Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Javascript, HTML, CSS, on apprend à travailler en équipe avec Agile, Trello, Git et Github, bref on apprend comment créer une web-app entièrement. Le programme est totalement ancrée dans la réalité d’aujourd’hui et le but fondamental est de nous rendre prêt à intégrer le marché du travail dès la sortie du bootcamp. L’atmosphère est incroyable, portée par la culture de l’entreprise qui valorise le respect, la patience, la bonne humeur, le professionnalisme, l’efficacité et l’ouverture d’esprit. L’équipe du Wagon est formidable, les professeurs sont tous super compétents, patients et dévoués, on sent qu’ils se soucient réellement de nous et on se sent très bien encadré tout au long de l’expérience. La matériel d’apprentissage nous reste disponible ensuite pour la vie (une somme immense de conférences, d’explications très bien structurées, d’exercices formateurs..)! Le Wagon organise aussi des ‘’coffee breaks’’ avec des compagnies locales, pour faciliter l’intégration au marché du travail et nous donne aussi des trucs pour optimiser notre profil sur LinkedIn, notre CV, ainsi que les meilleures manières de se présenter en entrevue, etc. Vraiment, c’est une décision que je ne regretterai jamais! J’ai tellement appris et j’ai maintenant vraiment hâte de voir jusqu’où cela va me mener! Je vous recommande Le Wagon, sans aucune hésitation!!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"After searching for web development bootcamps in Europe, I finally decided to join Le Wagon in Madrid, for the immersive 9 weeks program.As their slogan states “Change your life, learn to code”, I can guarantee that for me it was a life changing experience!... Read MoreBesides from learning to code from HTML, CSS, Javascript and Ruby on Rails, you also learn other frameworks and best practices. The entire program is well designed. You learn design notions, participate in a design sprint with prototype and have workshop and talks with entrepreneurs. The whole experience is super enriching.Another pro is having full access to the platform for life and access to community of alumni, where they are always willing to help you out and share lots of good information.They have a buddy system where you have the opportunity to work with your colleagues in pair and it helps a lot to improve yourself. The final 3 weeks working in groups is really what your day to day would look like if you decide to join a company to work as a developer, product manager and so son.Teachers are highly qualified and always willing to help and share their knowledge.I am glad to have decided to join Le Wagon, and also to have had the opportunity to work as a teacher assistant in other batches.Read Less",le-wagon
"Dans le cadre d’une reconversion professionnelle, je viens de terminer la formation de 9 semaines au Wagon Bordeaux Batch#435.Je recherchais un bootcamp avec une formation intensive et immersive. J’ai été servi! Je suis très satisfait de cette formation... Read More qui est allée au-delà de mes espérances.Il faut bien sur s’accrocher !Le staff de Bordeaux est très compétent et pédagogue, tout comme leurs supports mis à disposition.Nous sommes très bien accompagnés tout au long de la formation. L’ambiance générale entre le staff et les élèves était très bonne, rien de plus motivant que d’être boosté et d’apprendre dans de bonnes conditions.A la suite de cette belle expérience, je recommande les yeux fermés la formation au Wagon de Bordeaux à toutes personnes curieuses, motivées et intéressées par les métiers de la tech.Le fait de n’avoir jamais codé avant, ne doit pas être une barrière!Read Less",le-wagon
"When I joined Le Wagon Montreal, I was already had experience in IT industry but what attracted me most was the content of the curriculum. It is all about trending skills in IT, from problem-solving, Agile mindset, best practices, design, clean coding,... Read More DevOps tools such as Git/GitHub, and TDD to deployment on the cloud, and also constant learning, communication, collaboration, and how to present effectively the final product to the audience.At Le Wagon, all the teachers and TA are absolutely top-notch, and the personal and the students were exceptional. It was like a second family, and hope to keep in touch with this great network of people!At the end of the course, my team and I built a robust and user-friendly web application from scratch. From user requirement analysis, design, implementation to deployment on Heroku, using Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML/CSS, Git/GitHub, Trello, Agile mindset, Figma.The nine weeks were really intensive and challenging but also exciting and a very rewarding experience, because it was not only about shipping the final product and learning all daily aspect of development life, but also all recommendations and support we got from the personal and teachers that makes us stand out of the crowd.I would recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wishes to learn in-demand skills in IT and take their career to the next level. It is definitely a great experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a non-technical background, I can confirm that LW's mission statement to ""teach coding to creative minds"" is true. During my bootcamp, I learned core programming concepts, computational thinking, problem solving and learning how to self-learn.... Read More On the product side, I walked away with the ability to map out user personas, create user stories, MVPs, foundational design skills, and once again how to continue building on what I learned during those 10-11 weeks. It is as intensive as they tell you, so whatever preparation you have in mind, do twice as much. Luckily, you have a solid group of peers to support you on your journey and lifetime access to every subject you'll learn if you ever want to revisit it. The teachers, TAs and Le Wagon community and alumni are what make this program worth it. You'll walk away with new skills, friends and a community you can always lean on.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was one of the greatest experiences in my life! I wanted to change my career-path after working in cinema for more than 14 years and attending Le wagon was just an evidence. The teachers are great and all the staff and TA was supporting and always... Read More presents to help us and learn us how to code. It was a really intensive bootcamp, specially since we were in full remote, but it was also a very rewarding experience. I am now confident to code and to start my new professionnal goal. All the staff did everything too to keep a good mood and strong bound with our batch buddies even if we were in full remote !  I highly recommend Le wagon to anyone wishing to learn a solid foundation in code and living a great human experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon Web dev bootcamp I used to work as a tech recruiter. I worked in different companies over the last 4 years, mainly in VFX and in IT consulting. But I always felt like I was missing technical skills for my daily job. Before deciding... Read More to enroll in the bootcamp I had already done a few classes online, which I believe help me catch on concepts faster the first couple of weeks. But it was definitely not a requirement. The entire bootcamp is so well done that you learn new concepts every day but have all the tools and support to understand and use them. I was impressed with how structured the program was. Each day we had classes, challenges, live code, and flashcards, which gave us a strong foundation, to build on from. The entire team at Le Wagon Montreal was really nice and supportive, and they created a great learning environment. Coming out of the Le Wagon I think I have a good foundation to become a web developer and a great structure to keep learning and improve my skills.Read Less",le-wagon
"Posso dizer que escolher fazer parte do Le wagon esse ano foi a melhor escolha que e poderia ter feito. Não é um curso facil, é cansativo, exige muito comprometimento do aluno, mas vale totalmente a pena, a metodologia, o suporte dos professores e staffs... Read More em geral é incrivel, as amizades e contatos que fazemos no decorrer do curso é um bonus maravilhos.Read Less",le-wagon
"I found Le Wagon when I was looking for a coding bootcamp taught in English, in Tokyo . Learning new skills in English while working full-time for 24 weeks was a big challenge for me, but it was one of the best life changing decision I’ve ever made. The... Read More curriculum is well balanced. I had amazing teachers, TAs and batch mates. I enjoyed every moment of my experience at le wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"A big thank you to le Wagon for those unforgettable nine weeks! The teaching skills and teachers are simply ""the best""! As an enthusiast of neuroscience and transmission of knowledge, I can only applaud for their talent. But the most important for the... Read More end ! They freed my creativity by ""really"" teaching me coding. Hats off to the whole team!Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently completed the part-time full-stack web development program in Le Wagon. When I joined I was already working in the tech industry in Tokyo in a IT project management job but I was feeling the lack of solid web development basis to understand... Read More the details of the projects I was involved in. I wanted to learn in a classroom environment to keep the pace and motivation, while being able to work during the day as usual, and Le Wagon provided the perfect solution for me.I was impressed with the educational curriculum that keeps gradually building on knowledge until the final group project, where we develop a web application from scratch. Now I feel more confident working in a tech environment and ready to keep learning with strong basis, and hope to keep in touch with the great network of teachers and alumni!Read Less",le-wagon
"Yes, the course was intense, but that's to be expected of most coding bootcamps.Most days I felt overwhelmed by the amount of new information to soak in, and especially at the beginning weeks of the bootcamp, I wasn't too sure programming was cut out... Read More for me. What gave me confidence is the the teachers are all amazing and down to earth people. The guys at Le Wagon are flexible in their teaching methods and doesn't criticize a student for having their individualistic approaches to the coding problems.What makes Le Wagon exceptional is the community aspect of things. The teachers are more than just lecturers you see during the 9 weeks. Even after the bootcamp is over, they want to stay in contact with you and see you grow and succeed as programmers. Le Wagon Tokyo never made me feel like I was in a school, but rather a summer camp where you meet a bunch of new people and do cool sh*t.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I was looking for a coding school, my friend told me not to bother with any others, just go with Le Wagon - he had gone through their program the year before. Now that I've graduated myself, I can see why! All of the instructors are absolutely top-notch;... Read More they guide you through the curriculum with the deft touch of helping you just enogh so that you can figure it out on your own. Over nine weeks we covered SO much, but while I always felt that I was about to be overwhelmed I never actually was. I'm currently hunting for a coding job now and their support through this process is invaluable too. I've recommended Le Wagon to all my friends, and I'm recommending it to you.Read Less",le-wagon
"I found about Le Wagon after some time trying to change career, and it was the most amazing thing doing it, after some time studying some time on my own, and going to the 42 piscine, I found this amazing course that really made a great change in my life,... Read More everything was good, it was 9 weeks of hard work with morning classes and the rest of the day with challenges, but what really shows that this course is something else is the professors and teacher assistants, they do know what they are talking about and they help you the best way they can to ensure that you are doing all by yourself and keep getting better at coding, the last three weeks are reserved for making apps with a group and that's when it shows that you really learned so many things from zero, the results are amazing, if you are in doubt about it you really should do itRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was one of the greatest experiences in my life! I wanted to change my career path - formerly graduated in Law School, I was really unhappy with where my life was headed. I've started a Computer Science graduation, but had to stop this year due... Read More to the pandemic. I found out about Le Wagon while trying to figure out what to do during all this crazyness and when it started, it was love at first sight. It's a really intense experience and it's time-consuming. You will get tired and look like a zombie, but in the end, you'll get that amazing feeling of fulfillment and you'll see how much you've accomplished. It's amazing how well structured the bootcamp is and how many different things you will learn in such a short time. I would do it all again if I could.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm a psychologist and decided to change my carrier into coding. After some research I came into Le Wagon. I was a bit skeptic about the possibility of becoming a full stack developer in nine weeks. Now, after finishing my batch, I know it is real. It... Read More was not easy, nor simple, but it was one of the best experiences I’ve had in my whole life. Those were some intense and rewarding weeks. At first, I felt like my brain was stretching to the limit to accommodate a complete new set of tools. As days passed, I started thinking as a real developer, mainly because Le Wagon’s methodology is immersive. I mean, since day one, you start a routine of research, problem solving and constant learning, daily aspects of a dev life. My favorite thing about Le Wagon is the community built around it, with great people, an awesome staff, lifelong support and worldwide network. If you’re looking for a way to learn to code, I totally recommend Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Pros: Constant feedback and tutoring all along the bootcamp. Great final proyect with our own ideas. Values as team work, cooperation and coordination learnt as well. Great instructors and a life-time access to learning platform. Cons: there are not national... Read More holidays during bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"A year ago I had little to no experience coding (just enough to know I liked it and could get through a bootcamp). I started looking up coding bootcamps because I wanted to make a career change into software development.Today, only 2 weeks after graduating,... Read More I'm employed part time and making my first steps into the industry.Why is Le Wagon different (and better) than the rest of the bootcamps?* The community of teachers and alumni. If I had to pick one thing that makes this course better than the rest, this would be it. The community behing the program makes growing your NETWORKING so much easier. This is not a minor thing, since it would probably take you years to develop a network by yourself as a junior dev with no prior experience. And as you will quickly learn, this is so important in this industry. You will join a Slack workspace with tons of helpful people that are always willing to help you out. You will also get the chance to attend webinars with people in the industry (CTO's and CEO's in top companies) that not only give awesome career advice but are often looking to hire alumni.* Bootcamp drivers will give you advice and help you out landing job interviews, making the process of getting a job easier.* The bootcamp is product oriented. You will not only learn hard skills (the actual coding languages, etc.) but also how to work with a team (like you would in real life), going through all the design stages until you deploy your product. These soft skills are really valuable to someone hiring a junior dev with no experience over another.* The program has a platform that is very well made and makes it easy to use it as a reference to refresh topics later on.* The platform and it's content is updated frequently and features optional topics that you can learn after you graduate (like a ReactJS course) and much more.You will not regret choosing this bootcamp. The network you are exposed to, as I said, is well worth the price of the bootcamp alone.An experience of a lifetime for sure.Read Less",le-wagon
"Todo lo que puedo decir sobre Le Wagon es bueno, tanto el nivel humano como el académico es realmente excelente. Empece sin tener ningún conocimiento en Ruby y en 9 semanas pude realizar un proyecto desde 0 en Rails.Una experiencia altamente recomendable... Read More para realizar.Read Less",le-wagon
"I just finished this training, and even if I had a lot of apprehensions before the start of the course (web developer in 9 weeks ??!), They keep their promises! The lessons and the teachers are great and the atmosphere is really cool! Even though I finished... Read More the courses, I know that I could count on their community to progress and find work. I recommend 200%!Read Less",le-wagon
"Excelente programa tanto en contenidos como el equipo que lo da, siempre apoyándote y preocupándose que entiendas todo. Me anote con pocos conocimientos y en 6 meses pude desarrollar una plataforma de punta a punta con Ruby on Rails totalmente funcional.... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
Thanks to Le wagon Lyon my ideas are not limited by technical issues anymore. It was one of the best professional experience of my life. The courses are very well design and the learning curve very high. I was amazed by what we were able to create at... Read More the end of the 2 months.Read Less,le-wagon
"With Covid-19 on the loose, a lot of my work had dried up. After talking with a friend and getting over the idea that I was too old to try being a developer, I decided to join Le Wagon Tokyo. I was pretty nervous when I first went but like a lot of times... Read More in life I realized that most people are also feeling nervous. From setup on day one to presentations on the last day, I can honestly say I had a great time. Yes, I was tired from all the new information being thrown at me, but I always looked forward to the next day. Sometimes I wished there was more time to let the information absorb, and that is my one criticism of the bootcamp, but most likely this would be true for any.The teachers were great and they are what really made the program such an enjoyable experience. They created an atmosphere that was challenging, yet friendly. They were always ready to sit down and work through issues with you while trying to get you to see the solution for yourself.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a student of the batch 299 in Oslo(08/2019–10/2019)I join Le Wagon coding bootcamp as I was working on a personal project. The idea was to build a set of skills in order to improve my startup and to be able to code my business ideas by myself. ... Read MoreThe first impression that I got when I joined Le Wagon in Oslo was that the program was very well structured, and brick after brick I was gaining a lot of knowledge, adding new layer every week to finally be able to build a web application.Also this was not just about knowledge, but a big focus was put on practice, every day you resolve code challenges to practice what you’ve learn in a morning lecture.When you join Le Wagon, you team up with other students and you help each other. I really liked that feeling to be in the same boat with my teammates and share same objectives. I’ve met really nice people from diverse background during my bootcamp so it was also a really nice social adventure.I have to say that the teachers team was great, really qualified, patient, enthusiastic about sharing their knowledge.The final 2 weeks of the bootcamp are dedicated to building a real web application, I think it was the best part of the bootcamp when everything you’ve learnt comes together and you can build a prototype of your own idea from designing it, to coding to presenting it to the public. This was amazing, and I really had the feeling of achieving something concrete.For all of this I could only advice to join this amazing bootcamp, it was an unbelievable experience, challenging and intense of course, but totally worth itRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon Oslo I used to work in tourism, hospitality, and translation, but I felt that the skills I gained at the university were not enough to compete in the job market. I heard about Le Wagon from a friend who managed to change her career... Read More and find a job as a software developer after finishing the bootcamp, so I decided to try myself in coding as well. Le Wagon offers 9 weeks full-time web development course (or 24 weeks part-time course) that covers among others Git and GitHub, Ruby, SQL, HTML &amp; CSS, JavaScript and Ruby on Rails. You can learn both the front-end and the back-end, which allows you to create the whole web app from scratch, instead of focusing only on one aspect of it. Many of my fellow students were interested in coding for some time before the course (but many were completely new to it as well), but they didn't know how to use the skills they have gained from different online courses and tutorials. And this is a great thing about Le Wagon's program: it leads you from the process of building software from A to Z, helping to put together everything you learned during the course and upfront. Once you are done with the bootcamp you have a great base to either start at the junior position right away or continue with self-teaching without feeling lost and overwhelmed. Another important aspect of the Le Wagon program is the community. Bootcamp is not only a learning adventure but also a social experience that lasts even when the bootcamp is over. Being part of a huge (5000+) community of wagoners means that there is always someone you can ask for help, share job offers and experiences, and simply make good friends. It is not an easy course, but if you are dedicated and hard-working it is worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Got thrown out of the bootcamp for not understanding Ruby on Rails, when I had to...Teachers seem to care, but really the program sucks. Only 2 hours of class each day, and the rest of the day they leave you to your coding, while writing questions, through... Read More messaging the teachers, which is a system that really don't help to learn. No deadlines or nothing, but if you don't get the subject on time for the final projects, you will get thrown out of the bootcamp to the streets like you are worth nothing. Just selling lies and charging high for it. Not recommended at all.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a special adventure, extraordinarily rich on learning the technique to code in the right way by asking the right questions from the start. You do not necessarily need to come at the beginning with a solid technical background or from a specific... Read More sector to understand the basics. Once you understand the basics of coding, the learning curve is exponential. From my perspective, I did not expect to find a training that could give me such in-depth knowledge of web development and all the other aspects that surround it. In addition, you also learn to code in teams straight from the start, which is great to progress and not to feel overwhelmed. The final projects, which are the cherry on the cake after spending several months of coding is the best way to materialize all the knowledge learned during the bootcamp. Hats off to the staff, teachers, and teachers’ assistants for the remarkable work they have done all along the bootcamp!Read Less",le-wagon
"After my engineering studies, I fell in love with product management and became fascinated by what digital products can bring to people. I pursued a training in Paris, the Lion Product Track, to discover and learn how a product is created and developed.... Read More But I also wanted to gain hands-on experience by building real products from scratch and I wanted to expand my technical skills to web development. This is why I pursued le Wagon bootcamp in Montréal. The course was extraordinary for me both professionally and for the human experience. I was very much looking forward to the last three weeks, when we worked in teams to build a marketplace and a web app, and I was not disappointed: be aware, it is very challenging, but so exciting and fulfilling at the same time! The staff was very welcoming and knowledgable. We were so lucky to know that whatever question we could have, no matter how complex it is, we would get an answer. This training really gave me the keys to learn more frameworks, libraries, and languages afterwards, and it gave me the confidence to start my professional life as a freelancer in front-end development.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from Marangoni and working a few years in the fashion industry, I realized that my true passion is programming.I decided to sign up to Le Wagon because of the very positive feedback I found across various websites.I have chosen part time... Read More session because I wanted to take time and understand each chapter profoundly.I greatly enjoyed the course! it was a real confidence boost to feel comfortable learning new skills by myself and applying for developer roles after just a few months. I cannot recommend Le Wagon more!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon I was working as an interpreter which was fun but I knew it was not what I wanted to do long term. I always wanted to learn to code so I took online courses that I found interesting, but it never worked for me. After I while I’ll... Read More get busy from work then I’ll end up forgetting everything I studied which was a waste of time. That was when I started looking for places where I can focus on studying. And when you search for bootcamps, Le Wagon is always on top of review sites. I was skeptical at first, but still chose them because I liked their curriculum the most. I will be honest with you that the 9 weeks will be intense and extremely hard especially if you have a limited coding experience like me. It won’t be a vacation and sometimes you’ll think of throwing your laptop away and just quit during the first 3 weeks. But don’t worry, the teachers are excellent and amazing communicators that will help you be able to get through everything just fine. Overall, it was a great experience and lived up to the reviews. I would definitely recommend it to anyone considering on attending one of their courses.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience attending Le-Wagon Bali was nothing short of extraordinary! After trying to code on my own for several years and making little progress; I had decided to take my learning to the next level. Having done hours of research for the best program;... Read More Le-Wagon kept popping up nearly everywhere on the internet with raving 5 star reviews. I was really cautious to spend money on the program as I am a conservative spender, however my ROI(return on investment) has already payed me back only a few months out of the program. The 9 weeks were super jam-packed with so much to remember; however I still have access to all the content and more through the Le-Wagon learning platform. My only regret is that I didn’t take the course years ago! Im now building applications I have always wanted to do. A big thanks to Le-Wagon and the amazing instructors for the amazing lectures, atmosphere and 101 help to advance my learning to code. I would recommend anyone who desires to learn to code and change their life to lean into Le-Wagon as it was the best education and experience money could buy.Read Less",le-wagon
"Learning a computer language is not like learning a language, it’s more like learning to drive, you learn about one model of vehicle and then you move on to another. In the Wagon, you learn to drive well. Ruby on Rails works on the principle of conventions... Read More rather than configuration, which forces you to learn best practices. Tests are designed as soon as you start developing. You learn how to work as a team on the same product using GitHub.I now know the satisfaction of being able to build a web application myself, from design to deployment. Le Wagon is oriented towards entrepreneurs and project holders, which creates a pragmatic and positive atmosphere: “let’s build something together”. It’s intense, comprehensive and creative.Read Less",le-wagon
"More than a school! I Was looking for a place where I could sharpen my Pyhton skills. A friend of mine told me once LE WAGON and its DataScience program could provide what I needed. I am a former architect, so it was not a foregone conclusion! But I was... Read More accepted. I found a real family! LE WAGON crew, teachers, and students, all of them were so reliable and skilled even when we started the two last weeks of projects. Lectures are truly well structured, and teacher’s explanation are noticeably clear. You do really have the feeling that you are experiencing ""you next job"" and not learning something more to add at the end of your CV.Read Less",le-wagon
"After obtaining my degree in psychology, I worked as a direct support professional at a day program for adults with developmental disabilities, and as a child care counselor in a group home for foster youth. After a few international holidays however,... Read More I had caught the travel bug and decided to teach English in South Korea. During my time in Korea, I realized that travel would always be an important aspect of my life. I started researching different ways to be a long-term traveler, and coding was the career option that caught my interest. I started trying to self-learn, but quickly realized I would benefit more from having instructors to help you through the more difficult concepts. So I started looking at different bootcamps when I stumbled upon LeWagon. After reading all of the amazing reviews, I had decided that after traveling a bit more, I would apply for LeWagon’s 9-week coding bootcamp.	Once I completed my teaching contract in Korea, I decided to do a working holiday in Australia. I traveled a bit, started working in an outback pub, but unfortunately, COVID-19 hit, and everything came to a standstill. I had no idea how long the shutdown would be in place, so I figured I may as well take this time to do something productive, and decided to join LeWagon Bali remotely. 	My experience with LeWagon has been nothing short of incredible. I was a bit nervous about the bootcamp being remote, but the LeWagon staff made the remote learning experience both smooth and enjoyable. In the mornings, we had lecture for about an hour and a half, and then we separated into virtual tables where we worked with a few other classmates on the challenges of the day. Teachers were always available to help out if we ever needed clarification or guidance, and they were always super helpful and patient throughout the learning process. In the evenings we had a “live-code” session, where the instructor had us students use what we learned to complete a final challenge of the day.	In week 5, we had the opportunity to pitch an idea for a product that we would potentially build during our final project weeks. Although I was hesitant, after some encouragement from my classmates, I ended up pitching a product that tackles a very current and pressing issue in the United States that I feel quite strongly about. It ended up being selected as a final project, and my teammates and I excitedly got together and began brainstorming ideas on how to make the product as strong as possible. 	In a short two weeks, I built with my team of 3 other amazing developers, “UpHold: Policing the Police.” We created a mapping and rating system for police encounters, in light of the recent events surrounding the murder of George Floyd, and the subsequent protests and exposure of police brutality in America. UpHold seeks to tackle this issue of police brutality, by holding those who are meant to protect us, accountable for their actions. The site is for people who have experienced police brutality themselves, have witnessed an act of police brutality, or anyone who wants to stay informed about police violence in their community. When users enter the site, they are immediately able to see which cities have new reports, and a few statistics on these cities. To help users stay informed on which areas of the US have higher or lower rates of police violence, users are able to view a heat map of the United States or their selected city. Users are also able to submit a report on an encounter they’ve had personally, or of an encounter that they’ve witnessed. These reports then get saved to that particular officer’s profile, and onto the heatmap. Users can then upvote a report they may find particularly important, in the hopes it gains more exposure, leading to the officer being held accountable for his or her actions. 	LeWagon truly was an amazing experience. Not only did I learn how to build a functioning website in 9 short weeks, but I’ve made amazing connections with others that will last a lifetime. The instructors are incredibly kind, patient, understanding, and are passionate about what they do. They go above and beyond to help you learn and succeed after the bootcamp. I highly recommend LeWagon to anyone considering learning how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had the chance and the opportunity to participate in the training course of Le Wagon # 378 which I discovered thanks to many interviews with top candidates who graduated from Le Wagon and became today PM or PO in very nice startups.I embarked in February... Read More 2020 for six months of training, which at the beginning seemed crazy and very complicated to manage between my full time job (recruitment consultant) and the courses. But as we completed assignments one after another, I got really invested and time went by very quickly. When we reached ¾ of the training, we had to design an Airbnb-like rental site. This is where one really puts into practice all the things he learnt and starts to feel invincible (haha). It was a very interesting experience.I learnt a lot of skills and developed many new ideas ! I really encourage people who want to retrain, start a project or just learn new things to join Le Wagon because it’s truly a beautiful adventure.Read Less",le-wagon
"During my time with Le Wagon’s Batch #380 in Milan, Italy, I learned many valuable practical skills that would not only support me on my way to beginning my career in Computer Science and Web Development , but to also help me flourish in the diverse and... Read More international environment that is IT. Working on rigorous, yet engaging, tasks throughout the week with peers of different backgrounds, cultures, and life experiences was invigorating and introduced me to different ways of thinking, eventually making me a more focused, efficient, and patient programmer. I am excited to continue to learn and work with Le Wagon, and eventually become a Tutor myself and to try out their new Data Science course!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had my first experiences in coding during my thesis in clinical life science. I performed statistical and bioinformatic analysis. Slowly but surely, I became more and more passionate about intersections of Healthcare, data and programming.After my thesis,... Read More I attended a data science bootcamp (blent.ai) and got a position on a project aiming to develop tools for diagnostic assistance with machine learning and medical images.I decided to join Le Wagon (Paris, part time program) because I still had no experience in web development and how to design a functional product. For my current work, I wanted to learn how to integrate our machine learning model in a web application so non-tech users could use it and better understand the solution we provide.The part time program (6 months) I spent at Le Wagon was quite tough, but we had time to process information and to enjoy this adventure. All of this, in a friendly environment and community. I'm now more confident about what I can do to design solutions and to code with a team. And this is only the beginning.Read Less",le-wagon
"Some months ago, I was working as a lawyer in a big law firm. I was unhappy with my career, because I couldn't see any purpose in it anymore, just doing repetitive meaningless stuff. That was when I discovered Le Wagon. I felt like as if I just discovered... Read More a whole new world, because I never thought I could be a programmer, coming from another completely different area.I was always interested in technology but I had no idea how to code before Le Wagon. After only 3 months (half of the course), I learned enough to change jobs and started working as a programmer with Python, even though I didn't have any notion of Python before.I am glad I had the chance to learn so much and be part of this awesome community. It was truly a life-changing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a very rewarding adventure. The training is intensive and combines theory and practice. The different projects teach us how to work in teams and make us approach many subjects (such as database, WebSocket, ...) But Le Wagon is also a community... Read More and many resources tools that allow us to continue to progress even after the training is completed.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was looking to gain experience in coding and colleagues of mine told me about Le Wagon. I looked it up and the 9-week format seemed very promising so I applied. This bootcamp is very intense but allowed me to learn so much in a short period of time,... Read More and also to meet like-minded people from different fields. The team is also very friendly and tries to be as available as possible for any question or to help in any way possible.Read Less",le-wagon
"One year ago, after 4 years in the financial services industry, I decided to join Le Wagon Paris, within their first Part Time program.My main motivation for joining Le Wagon was to develop hard skills which could both help me in my current job, and enable... Read More me to be more employable for any future opportunity.The 6 months I spent at Le Wagon were definitely tough, but even more a good experience.I hadn’t had such an important intellectual challenge for years, and by chance, at Le Wagon, we are well supported to reach the targeted level, and by the end, to develop a web app (almost) ready-to-use.Since I left, in February, I didn’t code a lot, but I use other skills gained during the Part Time program, such as UX design, for my current job as a financial services consultant.Read Less",le-wagon
"It was way more challenging than I expected, but learning as part of a group and with teachers available almost 24/7 helps a lot in this journey where you otherwise would be on the verge of giving up a lot of times.I didn't think I could learn so much... Read More in such a short period of time. I'm not going go lie, it requires tons of hours of work, but it's really worth the time and money invested if you're willing to commit yourself fully to it. Plus, you already have a Github portfolio at the end of the bootcamp.I'd recommend it if you're sure you like coding enough to ""suffer"" to learn it. If the answer is yes, this bootcamp is truly great and you'll be amazed at what you're capable of doing at the end of it.Read Less",le-wagon
"For 4 years i was a restaurant manager, i loved my job but it was to difficult to have a personal life. I was already interested to be a web developer and when I heard about Le Wagon, thanks to alumni and friends, I decided that it was time for a big... Read More change in my life. I was impressed by the cursus : I learnt fast and intensively because i was passionate. I loved that we were never left alone, always working with other students, and everyday with a new « buddy ». Even better, we are learning useful and trendy languages, that gives a value to our skills on the market. The network of alumni and partners is very powerful in finding a job.In my opinion, this is the perfect bootcamp to learn code, that’s why i recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Loved Le Wagon !! Not only the program seems to be excellent but also I HAD A BLAST. Loved everything. Teachers are passionate, staff are literally the kindest person you can meet, and everything is done so you have the best experience possible. 5/5 would... Read More do it again.Read Less",le-wagon
"Amazing teachers very attentive. You come for a bootcamp but you will find more than what you asked. Sure, the bootcamp will get you the tech skills you need in a fraction of the time. So you will build strong foundations for learning how to code. Moreover,... Read More Teacher’s Assistant share their post bootcamp experiences, it's definitively worth your time and your money.Read Less",le-wagon
"Very well structural program, i have learnt a lot about web development and problem solving, best place where you can turn the ignition on, and learn those matter by connecting all those dots to form a beautiful product, very friendly environment, i had... Read More a chance to study 3 month face to face and 3 month online, both experiences were great, and it worth the money you pay 100%Read Less",le-wagon
"Boarding for the Paris’s Wagon batch #291 was an amazing experience !Hang on because the program is intensive : 9 weeks to take up the challenge.Teachers are extremely competent, helpful and available. Everything is optimized to encourage and facilitate... Read More learning (the setup of the machines, the format of the courses, the optional exercices, the different projects, the atmosphere, the assistance…)The Wagon allowed me to understand and acquire all the necessary tools to work in the world of tech.The little + of the Wagon ? : his community and the good spirit that reigns there.The meetup between alumni, teacher and entrepreneurs are extremely rich in teaching.As you will understood, I can only encourage you to embark on this wonderful adventure and to come out grown up of this training.Quentin DELEGLISERead Less",le-wagon
"It was a really amazing, life changing experience, and I don't regret it at all! I am really glad I decided to join. The teachers are great, the content is really good, and I get access to the content for the rest of my life so I can review it whenever... Read More I want!Read Less",le-wagon
"After a few years as a Product Owner I felt the need to understand the technical issues I was facing every day. I was challenging developers and agencies all the time, not knowing exactly what they were doing. I also wanted to take a turn and evolve in... Read More my career but I didn't really know what to do. So I decided to attend Le Wagon and quickly realized that I had made the best decision! I learned SO many things beyond just code in a super friendly atmosphere where no one is left behind thanks to passionate teachers. I met a lot of very nice people from various backgrounds, which is also the strength of the program. Being part of Le Wagon community and network is a real strength and helped many alumni so far. I can only recommend Le Wagon bootcamp as it really exceeded my expectations on all levels.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a hotel receptionist and I have been thinking about a career change and learning code for a while. As it was a completely new world for me and was a bit afraid of the challenge it represented, I took a lot of time to choose the right place to do... Read More it and le Wagon was definitely the right choice.The courses are very clear, and everything you learn has a reason to be there and helps you to have the right mindset. All the teaching staff is always available to explain things, help you think and push you towards the right direction, you can feel they are very attentive and care about your evolution and your wellbeing. They are with you every step of the way and at the end of the bootcamp you feel confident about your future and being able to start your new career.There is also a huge social dimension and you meet a lot of amazing people through multiple events (even though we were at home the 6 first week of the bootcamp they had amazing ideas to help us know each other)I am very proud to be part of the Wagon community and can only recommend it :)Read Less",le-wagon
"From the moment I started this bootcamp on the first day of a 6 month journey in a Part Time Coding Bootcamp, It has been a tremendous journey of growth not just in technical skills as a dev/engineer but also being able to grow to learn product design... Read More skills, being able to learn to work and collaborate with your cohort and even being able to understand the journey of building a MVP as if you were going into the start up journey. I wouldn't say that I have come out of the bootcamp knowing everything to be at a level of a senior engineer or a high level entrepreneur, but I would say I have learn a solid foundation of learning how to learn, solve problems and understand product that will help pave a clear road map as to becoming a great 10xer as a Senior Developer or even a product manager.The friends I made in that journey and coming out of this bootcamp securing a role as a Junior Software Developer at a Scale-Up Company. I know this is just the beginning of a new life just look forward to seeing where this takes me.Having struggled to find a education program that suits my approach to learning for the longest time I am grateful I made that decision to do Le Wagon and of course a big shout to the Melbourne Team for their patience, support and teachings through all this.Thank youRead Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon is an adventure i am not ready to forget ! 9 weeks of intense work but a teaching philosophy that corresponded perfectly to what I expected. From exercises, to projects, to social events, everything is perfectly calculated to render an all around... Read More experience around code ! I particularly loved the projects weeks in which you are faced with tough time constraints for ambitious team projects, a real adrenaline booster. I came looking for skills to complement future projects and came out with a new passion. Coding is now my main activity and thanks to Le Wagon and it’s resources I am still able to learn new skills daily. I highly highly recommend !Read Less",le-wagon
"I was part of the first remote batch at Le wagon. At first I was worried that the bootcamp might not be challenging, and that the lecturers may not be as knowledgable as I expect, which was typical of my previous education experiences. I was proven wrong... Read More in the first lecture! The pace of learning and the structure of the course is intense. The teachers are extremely competent, and also take a lot of time to thoroughly explain concepts and help you through the challenges of the day (they'll also make themselves available on weekend by request!). From someone who had zero coding experience, after 9 weeks I feel like I’m on the way to being a constructive member of any future web development team or startup.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Data Science Bootcamp was a truly mind blowing experience which not only helped me to develop on a technical but also on a personal level. The experience comes with a full package of hard work, strong social bonds and an entrepreneurial environment... Read More which always pushes you further to the next level. I highly recommend the bootcamp to anyone who is keen to learn something new and who wants to be part of strong thriving and dynamic network.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started my professional life in the ops field, in tech startups. I had the chance to discover tech jobs by talking with developers, who were always willing to share about their role. After learning SQL online, I had the opportunity to move to a Data... Read More Analyst position. It was a great experience which gave me even more the willingness to learn coding in a proper environment. I chose Le Wagon Paris because of the product-oriented program, which also includes team work on projects, which was in my opinion closer to professional life than an individual training.Whereas the training took place during lockdown, I was very happy with my choice. The teachers' team is careful and the training itself is intense and has high-standard. The staff also tried its best to offer opportunities to relate to other classmates with Zoom parties and other activities !In a few words, an intense and qualitative experience, and great people met !Read Less",le-wagon
"Passionate about tech, I joined Le Wagon's web development spring Bootcamp to learn necessary coding skills and new ways to create businesses.The training exceeded my expectations: attending Le Wagon's Bootcamp has been a life-changing experience.Not... Read More only I've learned to code and can now call myself a junior full-stack developer. Still, I have also learned a new way of thinking through a start-up entrepreneur spirit.I've also learned to build an app in a team, work in an agile mode, and pitch my product.I strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone interested in web development!Read Less",le-wagon
"I completed my 9 week full stack bootcamp in Bali, just over a week ago. And as I let the past few months sink in, I’m really amazed, in myself, how much you can learn in such a short period of time. But let me start from the beginning: last year, in... Read More June, 2019, I found myself graduated from a international music college in Thailand, working part time teaching English and part time playing music in bars and restaurants in Bangkok. My keyboard player, an American LeWagon alumni, and former teacher in LeWagon, Milano, was also living in Bangkok working as a rails developer from home as his day job. He used to be finishing up work as I’d come over to his place to practice, and I always thought that whatever he was doing on his computer looked like total hieroglyphics to me and coding was not something I’d ever thought I'd be able to do, I mean, I failed my Intro to Math my junior year three times. But at the same time I was envious of the lifestyle and being able to earn a good salary working from home, so I started asking questions. My buddy told me right away that I could totally do it too, and gave me the Ruby track on Codecademy to check out. And basically said that do this and if you feel like this is something you could work with then just join LeWagon. I had been asking some people who, well let’s just say are kind of self-proclaimed experts of a lot, saying “Nobody uses Ruby anymore, React is the new thing”, and “You can learn all that stuff on Udemy for way less money”. But I stuck with my buddies advice and signed up for LeWagon. I pushed the date forward a couple of times, and was set to start the bootcamp in Bali, in March 2020. And then covid happened, but I had postponed my bootcamp enough times so when LeWagon offered to do the batch online I decided to join anyway. The bootcamp started with Ruby, and although we started from the very beginning the exercises always found a way to challenge you and help you grow as a programmer. Those first two weeks we got thrown into a world of logic in Ruby and Object Oriented Programming that were mind-boggling and really challenging, but also satisfying at the same time when you finally understand the flow and you’re able to do it yourself using some kind of refernce, it feels like all that energy spent solving a bug in your code, you immediately get back when you solve it. Moves on to more front-end based phase and also a week of JavaScript. The bootcamp is fast paced, the amount of concepts you learn in a short period of time can will feel a bit overwhelming, but I recommend just trust the process, and as long as you can understand the big picture, most things will make sense when you enter the world of Rails during the last month of the bootcamp. All that grueling logic you fought so hard with during OOP week is going to be made much simpler (in theory), but ultimately yes, and you’ll also finally see how the front-end and the back-end comes together and you’ll be able to create real apps. The last two weeks are dedicated to final projects. I joined my batch mate Taylor who came up with idea for the app ‘UpHold’ and two others, and set out to build an app that let’s you report your encounters with the police, designed to create accountability and uphold the police to a higher standard. I’m really happy that I did the bootcamp, as I continue to learn React I’m constantly reminded of how helpful a good foundation in Ruby/Rails is helping me understand these new concepts. The program is overall really well designed, the teachers are total pros at what they do, and you can really feel that they love to see you succeed and they work tirelessly to make that happen. Although I haven’t personally used this superpower yet, but the LeWagon slack community seems really helpful and you feel like you’re not alone in this even after the bootcamp. Best of luck to all you other aspiring developers out there.Read Less",le-wagon
"My 9 weeks with Le Wagon was really one of the busiest and most exciting periods of my life. This is simply because of how much we were learning and implementing each and every week. We’d learn, create, break, and fix things all in a day’s work! The course... Read More took place in the midst of a pandemic, so we had to attend remotely. I was a bit hesitant at first because I didn’t want it to feel like just another Codecademy course. My biggest surprise, though, was how smoothly everything ran despite the unexpected nature of COVID and Le Wagon not having much time to make their whole curriculum “remote-friendly”. I didn’t really feel like I was missing out on anything just because I couldn’t go to their campus. This also speaks volumes to how hands-on the teaching team is, as well as how much interaction they encourage between students. You never really feel alone during the day, which is great because you never get stuck on a problem for very long either!The level of productivity you get used to during the course is sky-high, so even after it’s over, you find yourself looking for projects or ways to continue coding even in your free time. And Le Wagon definitely gives you enough resources to support your post-wagon journey.I’d say if you’re deciding whether to do the course, you should just go ahead and do it. I don’t regret doing it at all, and I know I would be kicking myself if I missed it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a MA in marketing with 5 years of experience in digital project management but I felt a bit stuck in my career. I needed a change and a new challenge but I was a bit scared about joining le Wagon. A coding bootcamp. Two scaryyy words but scary... Read More can be good. Very good.Deciding to learn how to code was one of the best decision I took in the last 5 years!The learning process: lectures, challenges, livecode, flashcards is very well thought. We had wonderful teachers and the TAs supported us in so many ways, technically and mentally. :muscle:No surprise the Wagon is such a world renowned institution. Today, I can code, I met some amazing people with different backgrounds AND I know that I want to be a Product Manager.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had always dreamed to know how to build a website, and attending the 9 weeks bootcamp at Le Wagon was a good opportunity to finally do it. It was not easy to leave my comfort zone, the experience was intense but it was really worth it. I discovered... Read More a fascinating part of the web world. The team of teachers was amazing, you are safely guided to learn new skills and put them into practice immediately. I enjoyed everyday of the training, especially the last 2 weeks, when I had the opportunity to work with a team to build a web app from scratch. At the end, you can only be proud of what you achieved in only 9 weeks.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from advertising, I learned early the importance of having a full overview of the needs regarding an overall project I was cooking up with my team. I quickly felt the need to master the means that would enable me to add a technical support to a... Read More project. After a one year world tour with my brother on a rice and pasta budget, learning a bit of everything from everywhere. I wanted to fulfill my curiosity about coding. That’s why I started learning programming by myself before trying out at the summer pool of 42. Ensuring that it was what I really wanted to do, I then applied for Le Wagon bootcamp after the recommendation of friends/devs of mine.Le Wagon experience was amazing. Even in remote the team succeeded to make the Bootcamp super effective. This is an occasion to meet and befriend great individuals during 9 weeks. And to create a project from scratch while acquiring new skills everyday. That’s a real pleasure to be part of Le Wagon family, a community always active and open to everyone.If you are considering joining Le Wagon bootcamp, don’t and join us ! 🏄🏻‍♂️Read Less",le-wagon
Studying at Le Wagon was a great experience. They are well prepared to teach everything from scratch with a simple and efficient methotology. They also have a nice group of teachers and others professionals who give support in your entire journey to learn... Read More coding. They are always focusing in teach in an elegant and clean way that is really niceRead Less,le-wagon
"After my accounting degree, I decided to join the wagon bootcamp to learn how to code. I watched several demo-days and saw the quality of the level obtained in just 9 weeks. I am very satisfied with the level that I acquired when I left the bootcamp,... Read More and the educational content that I still use today. The teachers are really involved in our learning throughout the training and Le Wagon community is also very valuable.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before started my amazing experience at Le Wagon Paris, i was working as a nurse for 3 years.I've heard some people who had a wonderfull experience and now i know why ! Le wagon gave me the opportunity to learn coding so fast, they have a great pedagogy... Read More and they share their passion every day. You just need to know that you won't be disappointed no matter your level in code ! One good point with Le Wagon is that you can continue the experience as a teacher assistant with the others students, and you be part of the community of the Alumni, which is very helpfull when you need it !Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I started my career as a chef in 3 star Michelin restaurants and I've been working in many restaurants around the world for nearly 8 years.Le Wagon was for me the opportunity to learn a new skill and change my everyday routine.I never... Read More thought I would learn so much in such a short period of time! We worked in remote and I think that's what made it easier for me to focus. I think the teaching method is already well established and proven anyway, what I can say is that it works on people who are not too academic like me!I was also pleasantly surprised by the fact that everyone socialised very quickly, despite the distance. The lockdown context changed the socials habits but it's still allowed us to benefit from ""Le Wagon network"" which is one of the strengths for which I chose this bootcamp.At the end of my batch, I even had the opportunity to be a teacher assistant and it's a pleasure for me to help students learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"An intense 9 weeks bootcamp that has taught me a great deal on programming and gave me the skills and confidence to enter the workforce. With knowledgeable instructors and supportive staff, Le Wagon course was a great choice for me, and I have a lot to... Read More thank them.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've just completed the most gruelling 9 weeks of my life -- Le Wagon Singapore's web developer bootcamp. I started as a complete code newbie and now have several web apps deployed to Heroku, including my coding team's beautiful capstone project Savvy... Read More Granny (www.savvy-granny.com).I am a mid-career convert to the tech sector. In my earlier career I was an academic. After publishing two books, I felt burned out and wanted to create and build things instead of analyze or write about them. The idea of coding bootcamp appealed to me, but with my liberal arts background, it just seemed impossibly difficult.The turning point for me was when I came across a post from Le Wagon's co-founder Sébastien Saunier explaining why they taught Ruby. His description of Ruby as ""simple, concise, close to the English language and very flexible"" intrigued me, and I soon signed up for Codecademy's free Ruby course. I decided that if I could learn Ruby, then I could handle a coding bootcamp.As it turned out, I not only completed Codecademy's Ruby course, I found it incredibly fun! Coding was not at all what I had previously imagined it to be. I signed up for Le Wagon's web developer bootcamp, and began learning as much as I could about technology, almost as if to make up for lost time.The bootcamp itself was a blast. Everyday we did a series of Codewars-type coding challenges, and we began building things with code. One of the earliest and most gratifying moments for me was when I built my personal website with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and deployed it to GitHub Pages. I had built my previous website with WordPress' drag-and-drop interface -- lacking at that time any knowledge of CSS -- so I felt a great sense of personal accomplishment in coding my own website.Once we moved into Ruby on Rails, we began building apps that we could deploy on Heroku. We started small -- simple productivity tools like to-do lists, and then we moved into larger apps. Along the way, I had gained the confidence to start building my own projects.The climax of the bootcamp was the two weeks spent building our capstone projects. I was extremely fortunate to be grouped with three talented developers, and we quickly built the guts of the app in the first week, and methodically built out the special features of the app in the second. I was especially pleased that our app serves the urgent social need of bridging the generational digital divide.Now that the bootcamp is over, my fellow grads and I have the technical foundation to learn and build more. Our familiarity with the Rails framework has given us the confidence to move into other frameworks, in particular React. I for one am excited about the new apps that we are going to build.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started Le Wagon bootcamp in Lausanne with no previous knowledge of coding. In two months I learned all the basics to start a career in software and developed a full web application.Teachers are very supportive, and the whole experience was very fun.... Read MoreI definitely recommend to anyone who is interested in coding and wants to make a career switch.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working in the retail industry in Toronto when I decided to learn code, and I chose to do the Web Development bootcamp with Le Wagon, located in Montreal for 9 weeks. My experience with Le Wagon was really inspiring, challenging at times, and my... Read More life did change by learning how to code. I was in a team of four during project week, and we created an app called “Buddy”. It is designed for solo travelers to find buddies for activities in any country.Since I did the course during the COVID-19 pandemic, I was really impressed on how fast the Le Wagon team was able to convert the course to be done remotely. I highly recommend this bootcamp; the support system is phenomenal, and it was an amazing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a great time learning at Le Wagon, the teachers and TAs were very understanding and supportive and It is a great way to kickstart your career in tech if you are interested in boosting your skills or changing careers. I have learnt many skills and... Read More not just in coding but critical thinking and business development as well. A great starting point for anyone who is looking to create a start up. You also get access to a huge amount of lifelong resources that can be used in the future and a great network of Le Wagon coders as a bonus. Overall I am very happy with the course and the curriculum and the way it is taught and I highly recommend Le Wagon. They are the best for a reason :sunglasses: I went into the course with zero coding experience and now I feel like I could tackle any project or work in any tech field.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon to boost my understanding of code and web development in general. I was a Product Owner for three years and was facing everyday technical issues which had a big impact on my job and my company. At Le Wagon, I found that precious tech... Read More boost and much much more : a real Product building culture, great lessons about how to work in team, and friendship with many passionate people from diverse backgrounds. Big up to the teaching team !Read Less",le-wagon
"I was invited to one demo day in 2019 and I was surprised about the quality of the projects developed in 9 weeks. Because of my entrepreneurial projects, I decided to learn to code and the Wagon was the best place for it. The experience, the teachers... Read More and the system implemented on Covid19 period, was under my expectation and I can say that my life changed after the bootcamp. If you are thinking about learning how to code, go to Le Wagon !Read Less",le-wagon
"I started following online coding courses on a few websites during my free time, which I really enjoy doing! But even though these classes give you some notions and understanding of coding, you will still not be able to build proper websites or won’t... Read More have actual projects to work on. After contacting a few people who also did bootcamps, I decided to take the plunge and quit my job to do Le Wagon. It didn’t only confirm my interest in coding but got me truly addicted to it!These 9 weeks are the most intense and amazing weeks I have had. The amount you learn in such a short time is fantastic! Their teaching methods are absolutely great, all teachers have done the bootcamp before so everyone knows what can be more complex and when you need more support. They will teach you how manually code/build something before showing you that it can be done in one line, which makes you understand how the language is actually built and how it works.Not only did I learn tons but I also met with great people that come from various horizons! I will recommend this to anyone having an interest for coding and wanting to dedicate themselves to it! Would definitely do it again if I could!Read Less",le-wagon
"For some reason I decided to change my profession as a translator and start learning to code. First of all, I began to study on my own and took various online courses. I realized that I like it, that web developing is interesting. But it was difficult... Read More for me to learn everything on my own, to organize myself in order to devote much time to my studies, and it was also difficult to structure all the material. Therefore, I decided to go to study at Le Wagon.Despite the fact that under the current circumstances we had to deal with online bootcamp, I really liked how everything was organized. I can highlight the following:Well structured curriculum;Amazing teachers, staff and lovely environment in general; Support and help;During the 9 weeks the bootcamp provides a good knowledge base and a minimal understanding of how everything works in web developing. Now I’m looking for my first job in this area and continue to learn.Read Less",le-wagon
"Learning to code at Le Wagon was a journey of self-knowledge and empowerment. I never thought I could do it (Yep! I wanted to cry sometimes) but I learnt so much about me, I learnt a different way to learn things and it was all amazing. Besides acquiring... Read More this new skills, I was so empowered in many different levels: as a student, because I saw that learning can be cool; as part of a community, because I feel like I belong here; as a professional, because it obviously change my career and as a person because this whole experience has been a life changing journey too.I can honestly say that, if you want to be a product manager, you should definitely go to Le Wagon: you'll learn how to code, how to solve product problems and you'll have an incredible experience on the whole product development cycle (from discovery to delivery). But if you looking to learn how to code and start working as a developer you NEED to start at Le Wagon. No other option!See you in our community (yep! its world wide)!Read Less",le-wagon
"I did Le Wagon with no prior coding experience. I still can't believe how much I've learned in such a short period of time! The bootcamp was intense, yet completely doable. With some classmates I ended up building two full-fledged, professional-looking... Read More websites that I'm really proud of. The experience was great - even remotely as I did the bootcamp during COVID lockdown. The atmosphere is fun, people are super nice, and it's clear that teachers make a real effort to make the lectures as clear as possible and make sure that every student gets the most out of the bootcamp. The skills we learn in this short period are enough to make us employable, and graduates are finding jobs despite the post-COVID job market being extremely tough. 100% recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"O bootcamp le wagon cumpre bem oque promete, muita mão na massa durante as 9 semanas de duração, num ritmo extremamente intenso. Antes do curso eu tinha pouca base em programação, mas hoje sei que é possível desenvolver qualquer coisa.Mesmo tendo que... Read More fazer de maneira remota por conta do COVID, me senti extremamente acolhido por toda a equipe, desde os professores e TA's até os organizadores do bootcamp. Antes mesmo de finalizar as 9 semanas, ja estava sendo chamado para testes em algumas empresas e hoje atuo como Analista Front End.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been working in retail for several years and was a merchandising manager when I decided to quit everything and I enrolled at Le Wagon. I chose Le Wagon because it had a really good ranking, I was able the attend the class in person, Le Wagon was... Read More one of the only ones to offer this and it was only 9 weeks.Despite de the fact that we were not able to attend in person, Le Wagon pivot quickly to provide us as much as possible with the same experience we would have had if we were not forced to be home.From the beginning, you really feel part of a community that expends around the world. The team and the teachers were amazing. Really there to support you through the process.You explore many different concepts to be able to create web applications in a really short amount fo time. Because of that, I was able to discover new avenues in the tech industry and now have a better idea of what I want to do.Read Less",le-wagon
"Probably you are reading this because you're in doubt about doing or not this bootcamp. Trust me, if you really want to change your career path and be headed to the tech world, there is no doubt, do Le Wagon's bootcamp as soon as you can!""Why Le Wagon""?... Read MoreLe Wagon's bootcamp stands out more than any other online material and any other bootcamp, because the method is really good ... I did a lot of online courses before Le Wagon and what it took me months to learn on the internet, at Le Wagon was matter of days. The course method is very well designed, you can learn different programming languages and you are taught to think and work in a way that the market values and that other courses are unlikely to teach you.""Is it for anyone?""Yes. Even if you never coded anything and don't have a clue about a thing.The bootcamp is well suited for anyone that want to enter the tech world. Doesn't matter if you want to be a developer, a product manager, or want to found a new tech startup. All these profiles have a lot to gain doing the course. Take my example: I'm a business graduate, with 7 years of professional experience in retail, sales, financial market and business developing. Neither of these roles I filled in the past, I worked with code. But here I am, a Le Wagon graduate, with a new career and new challenges ahead. Now the possibilities are infinite and I have what takes to grow in any direction in this evolving tech world.""But they teach Ruby on Rails...""Many former students had exactly this doubt while were deciding about doing or not the bootcamp. Nowdays Python is for example, the most asked language in many companies and startups. But again, I ask you to trust me, once you complete the bootcamp, you'll master any programming language in no time. The most valuable thing in Le Wagon's method is not what is teached, but how is teached. You'll learn how to learn anything. Most former students learn Python (for example) easily, right after the course is finished, because now is simple. Now they know how to, without having headaches and doubts about how to.Part-time or fulltime?This is a personal option. You need to know if you have time (then do the fulltime bootcamp) or not (then do the part-time bootcamp). Either one of them you'll learn how to code, at the best Le Wagon style.But it's worth learn remotely?With the advent of Covid-19 the world was forced to major changes. Le Wagon isn't immune to that.Yes, there is a difference between learning in person and remotely. The dynamics of human contact is too positive and facilitates the learning, it is a fact. It turns out that Le Wagon has dealt with this adaptability, which the covid-19 has been imposing on the world, since the beginning of the year, and because of this, the course went through some adaptations and was able to teach and support students as well as before.I think that the thing it's most important to pay attention is that you must have focus and discipline with the remote way of studying. Without this, you will not learn at all (just as you would not learn if you were studying in person without focus). It's important that people that lives with you respect your need of privacy to study.Another very good thing about this reality is that working on team projects remotely is a softskill that many companies are asking for new employees, and while most people say they know how to work like this, in reality they never really worked that way. The remote Le Wagon course makes you really learn this softskill... you really accumulate one more important point in the curriculum, which every technology company will ask.I think this cover the main doubts about the course and if you have any other left, just ask any former student. We are always pleased to help anyone that want to change their life!Read Less",le-wagon
"The first time I visited the website of Le Wagon, I was immediately intrigued by the promise “Change your life, learn to code”. Unable to get these words out of my head, and having previously studied liberal arts and business with work experience in luxury... Read More retail, digital marketing and higher education management, I decided to make a significant career “pivot” by leaving my full-time job and joining Le Wagon’s full-stack web development bootcamp last April.Having freshly finished, I must say that it has indeed been a life-changing experience.Before joining the program I had never written a line of code, and was a bit intimidated by the prep work and extensiveness of the syllabus. From day 1 I immediately appreciated the support from Le Wagon professors, TA’s and staff members as well as from the fellow students of my batch #400. The program is carefully designed to walk us through a wide range of concepts and languages during a compact 9 weeks on our way to becoming full-stack web developers. The innovative approach to learning mixes theory with a lot of practice. The typical day is punctuated by a lecture in the morning and live code in the evening, with the rest of the time dedicated to exercises with a “buddy”, teaching us the flexibility necessary to work side-by-side with a wide range of profiles. There is an optional career week which provides students a multitude of resources as they take their next steps as web developers, product managers, freelancers or entrepreneurs.I think that what I appreciated the most about the bootcamp was the enthusiasm of the professors and the quality of their teaching. One can feel their genuine passion for coding and their motivation to share their knowledge with us. Studying at Le Wagon is not only about acquiring valuable technical skills. It is also an exhilarating human experience and strong sense of community.Read Less",le-wagon
"As an alumni of the Web Development Bootcamp, I had very high expectations for the Data Science Bootcamp at Le Wagon. I was very delighted to be back in a very similar setup : the outstanding Web Dev methodology works very well for the Data Science Bootcamp... Read More as well. Fast paced, the program ends up being approachable thanks to the wonderful teaching team and a well designed curriculum. As an ex investment banker, my workflow usually involved Excel and Powerpoint when analysing data. Thanks to this training, I now feel empowered by state of the art skills that I think will make a huge difference in a landscape where data is becoming more and more prominent. I have a strong belief that those skills will eventually become as necessary as mastering excel when dealing with data, and I am glad I made the decision to stay ahead of the curve with this bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I just finished my bootcamp at Le Wagon and I must say that I am very pleased with the quality of this formation. I always wanted to learn to code and tried many platform on the web to do it alone but it was really hard. With Le Wagon I had a real structure... Read More with professionals to accompany me step by step to learn programmation languages. The training was punctuated between lessons time and exercices of the day that we can do with our ""buddies of the day"" , a really nice approach to learn how to work as a Dev with teams that change every day.What I liked the most is that we worked on many interesting apps that are interesting to reproduce for clients now : everything we learnt can now be use in real life :) - The panel of corses was diversified : Ruby (Rails), SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript - a large program that our teachers successfully manage to make us learn during 9 weeks only !At the end of the training, Le Wagon organized a Career Week to help the transition and we had a lot of webinars with startupers to advise us about the best practices and the strategies to adopt right after a bootcamp, it was really nice !Read Less",le-wagon
"Graduated in Business-Administration, before LW I always worked as a Finance Analyst and had ZERO prior knowledge of actual coding. My interest on the subject begun three months ealier, when I realized I wasn't feeling relized in my career path. Knowing... Read More that, a friend from the area sent me the link of LW's bootcamp. And changed my life in doing so.I was really worried before starting on doing this remote because of the pandemic, but it never really felt remote. Being on the virtual tables the whole day with your collegues, doing the challenges and projects, and always in touch with the TAs for questions and help, I really felt the same way I would do in a presencial. And that by itself is already an achievementBut wasn't the only one, LW experience was just incredible!! From start to end. The team, the content, the course structure, the events, the job hunt support, the culture. Hell, even the flashcards. I know this sounds unbelievable, but I mean it, everything, every and each little part of it surpassed my expectations. If I had to name the best things about it I would have a hard time, but there are two that I would like to mention: One is Kitt, their learning plataform. Kitt is just outright amazing, so lets just take that out of the way.The second was the team. I never felt that I had teachers that cared so much about my learning like I did in Le Wagon. Matheus, Isa, Marcel, Andre and Milene are not only great TAs/Manager, but great people. (some of them are kinda crazy, but that's for the better).And I know that all of this may sound like too much fandom, like if I was in love with LW. Don't worry, I'm not.I'm just in love with coding, and Le Wagon is responsible for it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was 25 years old when I began to work at a Tech company as a Support Analyst and I fell in love with technology. I spent 2 years thinking about joining a bootcamp but I was afraid that I was not good enough to learn how to code because I didn't have... Read More a background that was related to Computer Science or anything - I was a Public Relations. On 2019, I heard about Le Wagon Rio from a friend who went to Law School that he was joining LW's Web Development course. After hearing about his experience, doing some Google Research and also meeting Le Wagon's team in Rio, I finally decided to learn coding and join their Part Time Bootcamp - and it was the best decision of my life. I learned Ruby, Rails, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Git, how to collaborate in GitHub.. And the best part: we don't learn only from exercises and classes.. we had to work on 2 Websites: one market place and one final project. In summary, even without a Computer Science background, Le Wagon taught me 4 languages, how to work with my group, how to manage a project, and I was able to delivery two beautiful projects in the end. After doing all my research I was decided to do Le Wagon's bootcamp due to their methodology, curriculum, and because of all the reviews I found online and also from all the histories I heard from my friend. And all my expectations were exceeded! Their methodology can teach people from all ages and backgrounds. Besides it, their teachers are knowledgeable and great. I have never met motivated teachers as Le Wagon's. They were always there for their students. After Le Wagon I started to get involved with educational institutions as a mentor/teacher to help other people to make the right decision and to share my knowledge and started to work on projects along with my full time job. And even after my graduation, I can still access Le Wagon's classes, which they are always updating, I can still talk to my friends and teachers if I need help and I have plans to never stop learning about technology.Read Less",le-wagon
ConsI've never had any experience with coding before my bootcamp since I seek a career change in my life. At first I felt a bit lost but then I realized I was surrounded by amazing teachers. They were always willing to help and encouraging me not to give... Read More up. Although my whole course was online we all had a fantastic and unique experience. After two intense months I finally felt I was on the right way. Can you imagine putting up a project without any previous experience? Well I did and I was so delighted! Definitely going to Le Wagon Sao Paulo changed my life. I'll be always grateful to them. Thank you Le Wagon Sao Paulo (batch 408)! 🙂🖤ProsBasically two months is a short time for a bootcamp with all this intensity but as I chose as a full-time period I can't complain.Read Less,le-wagon
"It was a great experience, learned a lot about basics of programming with Ruby, HTML, CSS, GIT, FIGMA, pair programming, problem solving. The teachers and staff are awesome, the learning platform and videos help you lot in the learning process as well,... Read More would totally recommend it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting LW, I worked teaching private math classes and needed to travel all over the city of Rio de Janeiro, to serve students from different locations. Then, in 2015, I came up with the idea of ​​making an app for online classes, but I didn't... Read More have the technical knowledge to do it. I met LW in 2019, through a friend who was always present at the workshops, so I started to follow the school on Instagram. I read a lot about the course and definitely understood that I needed LW to start a new career.Even though it was e-learning (because of COVID) , I was able to count on an excellent service system offered by the school, which has Milene, an excellent bootcamp manager and a wonderful team of teachers.In addition, we have lifetime access to the platform, which guarantees us to be in direct contact with any news and also to Slack, which is another wonderful tool.Now I feel ready to enter a new job market. And I'm sure I can count on LW for any kind of situation related to the new phase in my career.Read Less",le-wagon
"The best things about Le Wagon were the classes, the staff, the culture, course structure, flashcards, weekly talks and events, job support, lifetime access to their learning platform and all its useful functionalities. And within 2 weeks after finishing... Read More the bootcamp I've already received some job offers. Best decision I ever made was to sign up for this course. 10/10Read Less",le-wagon
"I was interested in programming for a long time before joining Le Wagon and I was constantly trying to learn in my own time to try and get a job in the field. In my 9 weeks at Le Wagon, I learned more than I had in the years since I started learning programming.... Read More There's no comparison in the level of motivation and the amount of support between learning alone and learning at a bootcamp.At Le Wagon, you learn something new every day and then use that new found knowledge to solve a series of programming challenges. This formula is incredible for getting you to feel like you're constantly progressing and getting you to learn the topic in and out, it was addictive. Throughout the day, you work with a partner which is a lot easier than working by yourself and having someone there going through the same problems is great. It gives you a sense of camaraderie and competition that really boosts your productivity.I had a great time at Le Wagon, I made friends and learned an incredible amount.Read Less",le-wagon
"In my previous role as a tech recruiter, I’d hear stories of the projects developers were working on and the impacts they were able to have in their industries. One day I took a leap and chose to join Le Wagon so I could finally explore that freedom in... Read More my career.I started the batch just as covid hit, so we switched to remote learning. I was impressed by how seamless the learning process was - we were constantly supported by staff every minute and everything was easily accessible online. The course is incredibly product focused which allowed my team of 4 to flex our knowledge quickly, building our interactive app DI-WISE from scratch in 10 days. Once you lean into the the process of learning quickly, it was so satisfying to realise how second nature coding had become! What stayed with me overall is the Le Wagon community - we became so close on the course, and Le Wagon go out of their way after the course ends to make sure you are never alone in the path you choose to take. We are looking forward to our batch party once isolation is over!Read Less",le-wagon
"I am a Distance Learning Manager and had always been curious about coding, specially thinking what I could develope in the edtech industry. I'd searched for bootcamps and was quite happy to find the best ranked one (Le Wagon) in my city: Rio de Janeiro,... Read More Brazil. The experience was fantastic from the beginning and not only our group could develope amazing projects, we were also taught on how to plan, build and manage those products. With the Covid-19 issue, we had to move rapidly to online classes but we didn't lose quality - in fact, I think we got even closer. I recommend Le Wagon as a life-changing experience and an exceptional way to gain autonomy and self-confidence in building digital products and connecting to an international community of developers.Read Less",le-wagon
This was the best teaching experience of my life. The experience of learning programming with the support of Le Wagon was amazing. Every single day we spend at Le Wagon is about learning something specific and very incremental. I strongly recommend!!!... Read MoreRead Less,le-wagon
Le Wagon is a great course with a dynamic and effective learning system. I did the part time web development course and It was an amazing experience!!! I learned coding from scratch in only six months and it was a perfect first step for my new carreer.... Read More Now Im looking for a job and I see plenty of opportunities !Read Less,le-wagon
"I graduated in anthropology in 2016. I loved my studies but once I was in the job market, it was very complicated to find a job that met my expectations. So I decided to do the Wagon for two reasons: - Firstly because it seemed very relevant to me to... Read More have technical skills to be able to respond to the human and social problems I was interested in. I felt that I was sorely lacking these skills to build practical tools. - Secondly, because I felt constantly stressed by the job market with regard to my social sciences degree. I knew that finding a job would not be easy, that the periods of unemployment between my jobs could be long. I felt a bit trapped in this increasingly tense job market.I'm really very happy to have made the decision to do the Wagon. It wasn't an easy decision because doing the Bootcamp requires sacrifices but I don't regret it at all. I finished the bootcamp a little more than two weeks ago but a lot of possibilities are already opening to me. My ambivalent profile is interesting for companies and especially for startups that try to deal with human and social issues. I can also find work as a freelancer and that's why I actually feel much less stressed about my professional future.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon to learn new skills I could complement with my current career path. Even though I had some previous experience with programming, I was never really good at it. At the beginning of the bootcamp I struggled a bit to understand some of... Read More the concepts but as we progressed everything just started to click. The practical approach and ""product-first"" mentality taken by the bootcamp allowed for things to sink in, which to me is amazing considering they go over a lot of concepts, all in 9 weeks.Whether you are looking to gain new skills for a job or wanting to bring your ideas to life, Le Wagon can teach you everything you need to get into tech.I would Highly recommend Le Wagon Mexico as a starting point to jump into a career in web dev. The branch in Mexico city has the most amazing and welcoming team to support you throughout your journey and even after the completion of the bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I completed the program on March of 2020 and I have to say I had a great experience. The location was great, the program was excellent and the staff was even better. The program is great for anyone, from beginners to advanced, since the curriculum adapts... Read More to your level and will leave you with a yearning to learn more about programming. The apps that were built were all very cool and the curriculum is very product oriented. If you want to learn practical programming skills Le Wagon is a great option!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always felt that the weakest point in my professional life was the lack of technical skills, last year I decided to learn how to code in order to fill the gap. After a lot of research, I decided to enroll in Le Wagon´s Fullstack Developer Program... Read More and I´m so glad I did. Le Wagon not only helped me get the foundations on all the technologies involved in web development, but it also encouraged me to build my own products since the program is geared towards entrepreneurship. Besides the knowledge (which would be worth it on its own), I also got to meet incredible people from all walks of life who inspired me and continue to support me in my journey. Hands down, the best money I have ever spent on education!Read Less",le-wagon
"I debated doing a bootcamp for a while because I thought that if I just tried hard enough, I would be able to learn to code by myself. After doing the Le Wagon web development bootcamp I see that even though it is possible to learn on your own, it is... Read More just smarter to have people help you on the way. The environment of a bootcamp is simply a lot better for learning, and the 9 week course represents probably more than a year of learning on my own. Le Wagon's value is incredible with a third of the cost of similar bootcamps. I had a great experience with my teachers and fellow students and it was definitely one of the best decisions I've made to do this bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"After assessing what I enjoyed most across my marketing roles, I decided I wanted to learn to code because what I wanted most out of my career was to be problem-solving and continuously learning and challenging myself.I had very little experience writing... Read More code prior to the bootcamp, but from day 1 we started learning and coding and building up our confidence each day. The bootcamp is intensive and is very well structured for people at different levels of experience and knowledge. Whether you're a beginner like me, or aren't completely new to tech, the programme is designed for anyone. The teachers are extremely knowledgable and supportive and the overall vibe and energy throughout the programme was amazing.On top of the tech skills I gained, I was also introduced to an amazing community of people who have helped and guided me throughout my journey. Best experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"Learning to code in 9 weeks sounds amazing and I needed the courage to start this journey I am so grateful for! After moving to Montreal, I started working in the Gaming Industry and was very curious about coding. In 2020 I finally decided to start a... Read More new chapter in my life and joined Le Wagon Bootcamp. During those 9 weeks we learned Ruby, Javascript, Ruby on Rails… During Project weeks, that’s when all knowledge comes together and we create Web Apps we would never imagine!Something we needed during those 9 weeks was support from the teachers, and we had all the support we needed to complete every challenge and finish the day waiting for the next morning to learn something new. And the most important, Le Wagon leads you to be part of the Tech community, so you have much more support! I am glad to be part of the Tech Community now!Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to work at Microsoft as a consultant within the Identity and Security organisation covering all over the EMEA region. Seven months ago, I was looking for a change from handling systems to handling data and solving real-world problems. The data... Read More science boot-camp at Le Wagon helped me achieve that by providing the necessary tools to understand what Data Science is all about. It’s an intensive boot-camp where pre-work is key. The teachers, TAs and Le Wagon staff are 100% available. They made sure we deepened our knowledge in addition to building products from scratch, working in teams and being part of a network. I had a great time and I took advantage of all the resources available: online classes, events around full stack web technologies, talks with inspiring entrepreneurs, volunteering at a Data For Good project and being a Teacher Assistant. It’s an amazing experience that will definitely leverage your analytical skills in an innovative field where computer science, math, statistics are all involved and furthermore advance your career in a data-driven world.Read Less",le-wagon
"DO IT!! I promise you’ll thank me later. Enrolling in to Le Wagon was the best decision I’ve ever made.I was looking for a career change and looked in to coding purely because I like riddles. I chose Le wagon as it was recommended by a friend who had... Read More recently completed the bootcamp. I had no background in tech and now feel completely comfortable in building a web application from scratch, this is due to the intensive and rewarding structure of the course and the amazing staff. The teachers and teachers assistants are super knowledgeable and encouraging. The staff as whole were very inclusive and welcoming and I never felt as though I was being taught by teachers, but more like I was just in an office with friends and some friends just knew more than others.Aside from the tech skills I was taught, I was introduced to this amazing community which has given me connections all across the globe. I feel I made lifelong friends with the other students from my cohort and the staff.If you’re looking to explore the tech world as a new comer or looking to up-skill, in a practical, real world environment, working in collaborative teams, I highly recommend Le Wagon Melbourne.Read Less",le-wagon
"I would recommend Le Wagon 100% to who ever is thinking about changing carreers, which was my case. I'm a Economics graduate with a masters in Public Policy and I have been working in the public sector for the past 5 years. Some aspects of the public... Read More sector started to frustate me to the point that I realize it would be nice to try something diffenrent.Le Wagon taught me the full process of web development and how to work with technology using the best resources available. The learning methodology is incredible; the progression of the learning process is perfect (not too slow and always allowing you push yourself further with extra challenges); the atmosphere and the teachers are awesome; the whole process, from setup day to demo day feels like a pleasent learning experience focused on collaboration. The tools are there, the teachers are always available to help and it's really up to you to just focus on the joruney, put the hours in that in the end of 6 months (I did the part-time) you will be able to call you a junior developer. I feel prepare to apply for dev jobs and as soon I quit my job that's what I'll do.Read Less",le-wagon
"The 9 weeks at Le Wagon were an amazing experience and real challenge. The programme is very complete, and exercices enable to really understand all the concepts. Teachers are very supportive. And the atmosphere and energy in this bootcamp was awesome.... Read More Totally worth it !!Read Less",le-wagon
"Gostei bastante dos exercícios, todos são bem criativos e satisfatórios, e principalmente de trabalhar no meu projeto final. Foi uma experiência bem diferente de outros ensinos. Não só consegui permanecer firme nesses dois meses como aproveitei como pude.... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is one of most famous bootcamp out there, is not cheap and after the course i know why, is hard to find a course that really worth the money, that one does, the material is out standing everything was thought to make sense, every class, challenges,... Read More the teachers, everything is out standing. I was a skeptic, I already had my share of code courses and never was afraid to spend full days studying , even then the time I most evolved in coding was through Le Wagon Bootcamp, Teachers and community always there to assist you, an opportunity to work in heterogeneous group, bump your heads and solve problems, why learning end to end development, to the way you think the product until you delivers it, this was a awesome experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Excellent bootcamp. Le Wagon's slogan ""change your life, learn to code"" cannot be more accurate. Faultless and would recommend to anyone who wants to learn how to code... challenging, but very rewarding. The content of the course is fantastic, giving... Read More you a holistic education on 'programming' and exposing you to different areas to help find your niche. I was part of the virtual batch (due to COVID), and was hesitant at first, but the teachers, resources and systems Le Wagon use made it seamless and equally stimulating.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before the training, I was in consulting where I carried out several missions in the Web Marketing departments of large companies. (What interested me the most in these missions was the technical part) The technical aspects of these missions was the most... Read More exciting part to me. I found a real pleasure juggling between HTML, CSS, javascript and Excel/VBA to automate some tasks. After attending the presentation at Le Wagon’s bootcamp, a reconversion in Tech seemed obvious to me!3 months after the training, I have just launched my website of object givings between individuals. All this, thanks to Le Wagon course and a little patience!Read Less",le-wagon
"I am a former engineer in Urban System who always was attracted by IT. I decided to do Le Wagon bootcamp (part-time 24 weeks) in 2020 and it was a wonderfull experience. In addition to the many technical skills I have acquired allowing me, today, to create... Read More Web applications from Scratch, this training made me discover new ways of working and a world full of opportunities and possibilities that I can't wait to explore ! Big plus : You have access to a really cool and useful ""Le Wagon"" network even when you finish the bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at this bootcamp was more than I expected. My intention when I joined this program was to merely be able to develop a web-app but I left, not only with the right conceptual tool-set to attack problem-solving critically and creatively, but... Read More with a great community on top of whose shoulders I can stand. The people behind this bootcamp have made sure to think about every possible detail that can benefit you in your learning process, and the quality of the experience clearly shows all of this. Plus, I didn't only learned a humongous amount of skills in a short period of time, I also had a lot of fun while doing it. Yoga classes in the afternoon were a great way of letting of some steam after some intense debugging, going out after a long day with my teachers and fellow students was always very entertaining. I think none of this was a mere coincidence. I think the Le Wagon model is constructed around this idea of creating the perfect context for the student to really take the most advantage of what is being taught to her.Read Less",le-wagon
"First of all I'd like everyone to know that attending a boot camp doesn't make you job interview ready. You'll still need to study stuff like data structures and practice solving algorithms. You are looking at 3-5 months of studying on your own. Le Wagon... Read More doesn't prepare you for that, but neither do most of the coding boot camps. My general wish is that this was somehow mentioned somewhere before you join the boot camp or somewhere along the way. Or probably I should have done my own research better -- whatever it is. Regarding Le Wagon boot camp those are the things I enjoyed:1. People. Teachers were absolutely amazing. Very talented, dedicated when guiding us through the process, and patient. The boot camp manager Andrea was absolutely amazing. She would always help with things smallest and biggest, and would always find time to hear you out with any questions and concerns. My classmates were pretty great. It was easy to make friends as we seemed to share similar values and goals.2. Social aspect. We had all sorts of activities and outings organized for us, such as visiting common tourist attractions, bar outings, even yoga!3. Collaboration. They have buddy system where you work each day with a new person on exercises, which enforces you to vocalize your thought process and mimics real world pair programming. Towards the middle of the course we all worked in the groups of 3 or 4 on Airbnb clone and our final project. That mimicked real world standup meetings, code reviews, and tasks delegation. 4. Tech stack. Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, JavaScript combo was exactly the tech stack I was looking for.5. Definitely can't beat the price which was around $5,000 but ended up less for me after the discount for women in tech. They do have early bird discount as well I think.6. I loved working on the final project with my team. It's really thrilling to have an idea and work with like minded folks on bringing it to life. Sense of accomplishment and celebration during the final demo day was real.Things I didn't enjoy or think could have been done better or differently:1. Pace. It was extremely fast paced with no time to digest the concepts. I'm not entirely new to coding, yet by the week 5 I felt like I couldn't pack concepts into my head anymore. We had pretty much a day for each concept (listening to the lecture in the morning, pair programming the whole day, and then live code in the evening), and the following day we would be learning a new one. That's 10 hours of coding a day every day for 3 month with the new material each day. Some of my classmates at some point of the course got lost and were not able to catch up until the end of the course. By the week 7 I simply burned out and almost dropped out.2. I didn't enjoy our attendance being monitored as if we were high school students. All the lectures were recorded and available for viewing on the portal. Better approach in my opinion would be letting folks have their own judgement which lectures they want to attend in person and which to watch on their own as long as people watch them and do the exercises. That would help people manage their energy and prevent folks from being exhausted towards the end of the course.That's pretty much it. Turned out to be quite a long review, but I feel like it touched pretty important points for folks making decision which boot camp to join. Looking back it was overall a great experience. Throughout the course I felt supported by the Le Wagon team and met bunch of amazing people some of them I can call friends now.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon London (batch 388) in April of 2020 to gain insight into the world of back end programming and help me gain the technical skills needed to alter my career path. After spending 10 years in the hospitality industry spanning multiple... Read More departments one thing became clear, the key to future success rests heavily in a thorough understanding of new technology. Le Wagon’s fast paced, 9 week curriculum is perfect for turning students of all backgrounds into junior full stack developers. The daily learning schedule is structured for students to get out of the program what they put in, with morning lectures introducing each topic followed by a series of daily challenges to nail home the concepts. After graduating from the Full Stack Development program I had all the confidence and know how needed to move forward with a career in web development.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon Melbourne (batch 348) earlier this year.From the 9-week long coding bootcamp I got technical skills including Ruby, Rails, HTML/CSS, JavaSctipt, product design and deployment(Heroku), which make it possible for me to build a fully-functioned... Read More web application from scratch.Besides the technical skills, I would say I got some more valuables things from this journey - the ability to learn, the way of thinking &amp; solving problems, the way people communicate &amp; collaborate in tech industry. During the booctamp we were all encouraged to collaborate with our 'buddies' (pair programming partner), to ask for help, and to share our thoughts and ideas among the whole batch. These experiences helped me a lot when I did my interview for a graduate program.I am happy I made the decision to attend Le Wagon, it does give me what I need to become a developer. So if you are really keen to start a career in tech, and have the willingness to keep learning, Le Wagon is definitely an amazing choice.Read Less",le-wagon
"Looking back one year after finishing Le Wagon I can honnestly say that it was one of the best decision I ever made. I wanted to be a web developer and Le Wagon was exactly the kick start I needed. It felt like taking the highway without speed limit.... Read More Nevertheless, it's not magical, but nothing is. Not for you if you're lazy, not for you if you are a complete stranger to a computer. The unexpected value was for me the amazing network you are gonna be part of as an alumni.Read Less",le-wagon
"After completing a master’s degree in business administration, I worked as a Product Marketing Manager in a tech company for three years. During that time, I worked closely with the company’s developers to build websites. Despite being a techie, I sometimes... Read More felt hindered by my inability to 'speak the language' with the tech teams. That’s why I first decided to learn how to code.After attending Le Wagon in Paris, I realized that coding could be something more than just better communication with developers, because I could be a developer myself! Le Wagon gave me the keys to start a new career as a web developer and create amazing websites and applications.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 10 years in the creative industry as a Creative Artworker I decided to make the switch and become a Full Stack Developer. I quickly found out that Le Wagon London was a great place to help me achieve my goals and I made the jump and signed up. ... Read MoreThe experience was incredible, its amazing the amount of Information your brain can process and the way Le Wagon have structured their bootcamp in phenomenal. I really enjoyed the fact that its a product-oriented approach where there is lots of hands on work as well as the buddy system which teaches you to work with different people and learn different ways of thinking because you get paired with a new person everyday. The teachers are always ready to help you when needed and there are no stupid questions! Looking at my final project (helprcommunity.com), I still can’t believe my team and I managed to pull this off in 2 weeks. Great job Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is great if you want to learn how to quickly build a working prototype. But not so great if you actually want to become a developer. Le Wagon is better suited for entrepreneurial types who want to be able to turn their ideas into web apps as... Read More they give you all the tools needed to hack your way to a working product. If you are a beginner and want to become a developer to land a job I would look at other options. The tech stack is outdated and does not reflect the job market, in just 9 weeks it is hard to get the deep understanding needed to get a job (or to freelance), and support after the bootcamp is very very minimal.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was an amazing experience for me! It's been so helpful to start and grow my dream business, because of the technical skills I learned there, but also all the innovation environnement within the Wagon with conferences, network, alumni and meetings.... Read More Above all, I met many great people during my batch, with amazing fellow batchers but also the fantastic Wagon crew. They're both still very good friends. To conclude a fresh air experience, which definitely helps me to pivot to a cool life path!Read Less",le-wagon
"I overall had an amazing time at Le Wagon.First, teachers and teaching assistants were very professional and always there to make sure each subject is properly understood by the students. They try very hard (and with success I must admit) to answer every... Read More possible questions you may have.Then you have that sense of community building up throughout the duration of the course. Because you get to meet almost every other students thanks to the buddy system they have in place. Basically you randomly get a new partner every single day to spend the day with, help each other on challenging exercises. You literally have access to all almunis should you have any questions and that is great too !The only regret I may have is that time just flies like crazy there. I had such a fun time that 9 weeks felt like a few days.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at Le Wagon completely exceeded my expectations.I started the bootcamp willing to discover more about coding and finished convinced that I wanted to do web development for a living. The whole « La Wagon » pedagogy is truly powerful and effective.... Read More You spend 80% of your time practicing and actually coding. Everything you learn and do is focused building working apps. So you end up with a set of skills and tools you can use right away in any web development project. And cherry on the cake, by doing Le Wagon you join a huge and active network of happy tech alumni always helpful and full of good advices.I totally recommend Le Wagon, a life-changing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always had lots of entrepreneurial ideas, but never felt ready to test or launch those ideas, because I had no technical skills. Directly after my bootcamp at Le Wagon in Paris, I developed the MVP of one of those ideas. Today, I completely pivoted... Read More from that idea and work on a new MVP. Being able to code gives me huge flexibility and enables me as an entrepreneur to test projects at almost no cost. With a traditional business background and first experiences in banking &amp; consulting, I believe Le Wagon is adapted for any profile and has the perfect format to learn quickly how to code while having fun!Read Less",le-wagon
Coralie was able to explain with simple words and good examples. She was available to answer to the questions. Nice organization with Anouk!I will definetly follow another webminar.I don't have any cons ... Thank you so much again ! ------------- !,le-wagon
"if you are gonna be a remote student, this is for YOU! I couldn't be there at the school physically due to the whole COVID situation and lock down. Was really worried in terms of the whole experience and learning process but the whole online remote teaching... Read More system they came out with, was FANTASTIC. Of course it would been nice to meet everyone in person, but I didn't feel alone as a remote student, everyone was friendly!The teachers actually engage a lot with all students and it made the whole online experience super easy to access, full support given from teachers anytime(very patient and helpful teachers in fact), the challenges and whole curriculum structure was very well structured! Literally, anyone can code from anywhere! And I will say it's way worth the price you're paying for, a good investment in yourself and a once in a lifetime experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended the Le Wagon Tokyo batch#394. That was definitely great experience. Lectures are very well made. Every teachers were knowledgeable and always there to support us. Of course, you should pre-study as much as you can. More you prepare, further... Read More you can go during the bootcamp. If you're thinking of joining Le Wagon, go for it!Read Less",le-wagon
"When I first made the decision to change my career and pursue web development, I had a skeptical attitude towards Le Wagon (and bootcamps in general). I wondered, ""Can't I just learn everything on my own online? And how is it possible that Le Wagon can... Read More have a nearly perfect rating online?"" Still, I took the plunge and registered, and I'm so glad that I did. In fact, my only regret is I wish I would have gone through Le Wagon's program sooner in my life.Each day during the bootcamp is long, and the pace is intense as there are lectures and coding challenges each and every day. At the same time, the program was extremely enjoyable. The curriculum is very well organized and gives you everything you need to develop and make progress as a developer. The coding challenges are well thought out, and they do a great job of reinforcing the lessons from that day's lecture. And finally, I can't say enough about the quality of the teachers. Not only are they extremely skilled at programming, and not only are they are excellent communicators who actually try to teach in a way that's clear and engaging, they are also great people who are really professional, patient, and fun.I mentioned above that I used to wonder how Le Wagon can have a nearly perfect rating online. But now that I've gone through their program, I can safely say that Le Wagon's rating is very well-deserved.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to enroll at Le Wagon during the summer of my second year of computer science to complete my theoretical knowledge with concrete skills in web development. It was an amazing experience where I learned a lot. It really gives you a clear understanding... Read More of how the web works and how you can develop a complete web application from scratch, understanding both the frontend and the backend. On top of that, I learned a few design and project management skills as well. Comparing to my master's degree in Software Engineering, I would say Le Wagon's coding bootcamp is equivalent to 2 years of study in the field. The teachers are excellent, the courses really well designed. I would definitely recommend it to anyone that wants to learn how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been working during 8 years in a French localization agency as Linguistic Project Manager and Manager. During my experience at the agency, I had the opportunity to work often on back-end and HTML when localizing sites. This experience gave me the... Read More motivation to get into the world of the Web.I chose Le Wagon because its training is certifying (in France) and its pedagogy is very effective. I don’t regret my choice, it is one of the best experience I had in my life.During the training, I discovered the frontend which satisfies my creative side. It helps me to move towards front-end developer positions in Hong Kong.Read Less",le-wagon
"I Joined Le Wagon in october in Batch #321 and it was probably the best decision i ever made.The teaching is very clear. The staff is great. You learn a lot and very fast, the buddy system is brilliant, best 9 weeks of my life.Would 100% recommand.",le-wagon
"I had the pleasure to attend the Wagon during a not-so-great time, in April-May 2020. The entire team really outdone themselves to make our learning experience go as smoothly as possible. You can feel the progression throughout the bootcamp, and the pedagogic... Read More team really cares for their students. All in all a fantastic bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"After my studies of Human Resource Management I started working as a recruiter. Trying to fill in a Tech position I firstly came in touch with some basic coding languages like HTML and CSS. I got hooked instantly. At that point I wasn't really happy with... Read More the line of career I had chosen for myself. So I wanted a change and I wanted it fast. After doing online research I found a few Coding Bootcamps in Amsterdam. After visiting each bootcamp I felt most connection with the Le Wagon coding bootcamp. That feeling didn't let me down. From day one everyone at Le Wagon makes you feel at home and in a safe environment to learn new skills. You learn so much in a such a short time. Each morning you learn a new concept which you will have to apply throughout the day when solving your challenges. At the end of the day we collectively recap the learning outcomes of the day by solving a few challenges all together during the Live Code. This and a few other learning tools really help you in understanding the material. In 9 weeks I gone from a guy who was able to not even build a simple landing page to a to guy who was building his own complex web app that connect to different external API's. What I achieved in 9 weeks is remarkable and I quickly found a Job as a Junior Ruby on Rails developer. Le Wagon helped me in my journey to become a web developer, the progress that you make in 9 weeks isn't achievable by yourself. As a bonus you are becoming part of a growing community that helps you with everything (code, design, product).Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been working as a Civil Engineer and during my free time I started to learn coding to make games on unity. However I felt I was just coding what I memorized without knowing the logics. I thought I didn't have the foundation of programming I need,... Read More so thats why I decided to join Le Wagon.It was very challenging 9-weeks that I have learnt about programming foundations, web development, teamwork, and project management. At the end of the bootcamp, I had 2 big team projects and many personal projects as well. It was one of the most challenging and enjoyable period in my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are reading this review and wondering if you should dive into the world of coding, just do it. I graduated one of the popular universities in Japan with B.A. and got government related job for my first career. After that, I became a recruiter and... Read More developed my career in HR and recruitment industry. In my life, everything was always competitive like getting into a good university, getting a job at a famous company, and being a top sales at my work place... but I always knew that I don't have a proven skill which I can show off to people in a different environment. I wanted to have a skill which I can keep improving in my life. This is why I chose to learn coding and Le Wagon. First, everything was so new to me and I struggled a lot with understanding the whole concept of programming language. The course was intense but one day I realized myself that I was enjoying coding from the bottom of my heart. There are many ways to learn programming in this society, but I still strongly recommend Le Wagon as there are awesome teachers who dedicate themselves to support and motivate students. I was always the one asking teachers a question but all of them are very supportive and I could finally manage finishing the course with my own web app. I can't imagine myself now without having this amazing experience at Le Wagon and I really want to tell myself in the past that I made a great decision to join Le Wagon. I now want to keep coding and improving my skill and tell people around me that everything started from the first day at Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi, I’m Anaïs, I did the batch 320 at Le Wagon in Paris, and I loved it :slightly_smiling_face: !Before I spent a few years working in tourism industry, especially in rental accommodations platforms, where I was in contact with developers. I always wanted... Read More to be a Product Manager, and I used to do a few missions as a Product, but I wanted to have more technical skills. Le Wagon was for me the ideal Bootcamp to train and get those skills.Indeed, I really enjoyed learning how to code, I was more into Front-end development. One of the thing I really appreciated about this course was to work every day with a different person (“Buddy”). It really helped to work efficiently, some days we were with some people stronger than us and this made us go deeper, and some other days we were at the same level or better. But it’s really great to adapt ourself in order to perform.Also, I really loved the vibes of Le Wagon’s community, we had the chance to meet a lot of amazing persons with different backgrounds. Now I’m proud to be part of this community and be able to have a great network, also to be able to participate to many professional events.After this amazing Bootcamp, I first consolidated the skills I learned by being an teaching Assistant, and now I am a Product Owner in a little start-up, where I am the only Product profile. I really like my new job because there are too many things to build and improve.So the only thing I would say, is you should go to Le Wagon, Learn, have fun and meet new people to help you grow and find another future work experience that you will love !Read Less",le-wagon
"As a data freelancer, I used to self-learn a lot. Applying to Le Wagon’s data science bootcamp allowed me to increase my skills far more quickly, by facing state of the art processes in only nine weeks. It was a real game changer for myself and my clients.... Read More The growing community of Le Wagon is also an incredible way to meet other professionals eager to share good time as well as new opportunities.Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked for 10 years as sales and i was fed up about that. I decided to change my life with Le Wagon in Paris. Now I'm product manager and I'm very happy to do this work every day :). Without Le Wagon, it would not have been possible !I met a lot of... Read More interesting people and I'll never forget this amazing experience !!Read Less",le-wagon
As a business school student I grew tired of not doing anything practical. Why not coding ? It was so hard to find any bad review about Le Wagon yet it managed somehow to exceed my expectations.It's a wonderful humane experience and the learning process... Read More could not be smoother and effective. The alumni network is huge and extremely active : two weeks in the bootcamp and I already found the 6-month internship I was looking for. Now I'm a happy full stack developer. I know I can count on Le Wagon to build my carrier on something I'm actually passionate about and for many years to come.Congrats on building such a wonderful community !Read Less,le-wagon
"After many years of work in the movie business &amp; others domains, i decided to become a web programmer.I wanted to have new qualifications and also find the job openings that come with it.I started comparing many different formations and the Wagon Bootcamp... Read More was in my opinion the one with the best reputation and also the one with the best process.At the end of the 3 months formation, i can say that it totally worthed it. In this amount of time, we started from scratch and learned everything we needed to know about front-end development: Ruby, Javascript, HTML &amp; CSS.I am now more than competent to create a website or a mobile application from nothing.Read Less",le-wagon
"Being an IT Project Manager, I lacked the technical knowledge to interact properly with the developers team or fully understand the technical architecture of our solutions. To fix this I did Le Wagon full time bootcamp. In only 9 weeks I learned to code,... Read More made friends, and got good contacts in the tech industry.Le Wagon teaches you the basics of coding, with which you can easily continue progressing and discovering new ""gems"" (pre-coded applications) that allow you to do almost anything you want.And it is also a great way to enter into the digital start-up world.I strongly recommend this bootcamp. The teachers and staff are great, friendly and fun!Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello,I participated in the batch 350 in Paris and it was an incredible experience !The teaching staff, the quality and structure of the lessons, the place and also the atmosphere ! Everything was perfect for studying and learning in the best conditions... Read MoreI learned much more than coding during these 9 weeks of bootcamp, we are taught to be very productive, develop our product culture, use a multitude of tools And of course, met fabulous people with diverse backgrounds and incredible motivationSo my recommendation on a scale of 1 to 10 ? 11 !Read Less",le-wagon
"I was in a point of my life where I needed to change my career and that's when I found out about this amazing coding bootcamp.Le Wagon Milan has been the best learning experience I've ever had and I will recommend it to everyone who wants to lean about... Read More web development.Even if a 9-week program may not seem enough to you, I can confirm that it is and you will be amazed by the amount of skills you will have gained by the end of it and that will allow you to start your career as a developer.I loved the international environment, the teachers and staff were amazing and always there to help you and most importantly, it's super intensive and if you put 100% effort in it you will get the best experience ever out of it.Be ready to code many hours every day and by the end you will be able to code a web app from scratch and put it to production. How amazing is that!Read Less",le-wagon
"Coding was always a skill I wanted to add to my professional quiver and I decided to join Le Wagon bootcamp following all the good feedbacks I heard about it. With more than 10 years of experience in Marketing in the cosmetics industry and absolutely... Read More NO experience in coding, this 9-week program went beyond my expectations! - The learning path is very well structured and supported by an amazing lifetime access learning platform full of useful resources - The teaching team is both highly qualified and passionate about coding. They are always ready to coach &amp; help you in one to one and this is one of the main asset of the bootcamp as I don’t think I would have learnt so much in only 9 weeks without their help. - Focus is on practice to make sure all the concepts are understood and assimilated as most of the day is dedicated to practical exercises with a great system of feedback telling you how well you performed. - The program is very team oriented as you face your daily coding challenges everyday with a different “buddy” and then work in teams of four for your final projects. To me, it’s the perfect way to build strong bonds with your classsmates! - Last but not least le Wagon team does a great job at connecting people through the events their organize weekly for the students: from the first welcome drink to the last demo day party, everything is made for you to know each other and develop your network. And it doesn’t stop there as you become part of Le Wagon Alumni that now counts more than 3000 students over the world who stay connected to each other through the many slack channels of le Wagon and of course through the many events organized by Le Wagon. Thanks to Le Wagon, I now know how to code, how to design my own projects but I also met incredible people and made great friends! This has been one of the most incredible learning journey I have ever had. Some weeks may have been hard and pretty intense (hey it’s a bootcamp after all!) but if had to do it again I would not think twice about it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi! I’m Riwan! I participated in the batch #350 of Le Wagon in Paris. I’ve always been interested about web development and Le Wagon has allowed me to make my passion my profession. Le Wagon not only teaches us to code but also to think completely about... Read More a web product. The plurality of the profiles that make up a batch is very interesting: whether one is passionate or novice, everyone knows how to code at the end of the training. The pace is very fast but we finally get used to it (even with 2.30 hours of transport per day!). This training is incredible and gives all the cards to be able to work in the web afterwards!Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked for 10 years in the digital and innovation field. Before Le Wagon, I never coded a single line of code. I did the 6 months part-time training. Development and programation is the main purpose of my work and I felt there was a gap between me and... Read More the developers because we could not speak the same language. During Le Wagon training, I perfectly learn how to code and even more : I learned how to worked with teamate and a methodology to always increase my knowledge in development. The success of this formation is due to the teacher team (always 4/5 teacher by session) and their benevolence. The framework is also amazing : the large jungle helps give a very relaxing setting :)Read Less",le-wagon
"First thing first, It’s not easy at all to learn how to code and specially when it’s the part-time course! (You have to be prepared to say goodbye to your Saturdays and also your Friday nights ahaha).During the formation, you may think that it’s going... Read More to be impossible to pass all the exercises or to finish your project graduation on time but you have to stay strong because when you graduate, you will feel so good about yourself that it’s really worth it!I learned to code but not only! The teachers and teaching assistants teach you how to work as a team when it’s time for your Rails prototype and that was very helpful!I met a lot of interesting people at Le Wagon, both the students and specially the teaching staff!Their profiles are so diversified that it makes them the best asset of Le Wagon, you can ask them so many questions about coding and also working as a developer, free lancer or entrepreneur and that answers a lot of questions when you are at Le Wagon for a career change!Thanks to all the staff !Batch #301Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is an opening to the world of web development that I recommend to everyone. the courses not only introduce us to programming, but also give us notions of project management, ux etc. in addition to exceptional teachers and playful lessons, the... Read More wagon is also a human adventure.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Bali was the best decision of my life and I am so happy I made the jump. First, a little bit about myself. I am 34 years old and spent the majority of my adult life working as a paramedic, vastly different from the tech industry. I have always... Read More been interested in learning to code and many times embarked on online courses which were structured in a way which rarely resulted in any true understanding of the content, especially considering limited time I have for learning with full time work.Overall, I knew I wanted to learn to code, I knew I would enjoy coding, it just wasn’t working for me trying to do it solo. So, nervously and uncertain, I took 9 weeks from my family and career and embarked on my journey with Le Wagon. Fast forward 5 months and now I am employed as a full-stack developer during a pandemic, in my dream location, thanks in no small part to Le Wagon.Ok, so first thing to know about Le Wagon is, it’s hard, it’s no holiday (especially if you have limited coding experience). The were many times in the first three weeks where the learning curve was so steep I felt hopeless, there were times when I actually thought I might cry – I usually only cry if I was to be punched in the nose. That’s where you get to lean on the other students who are undoubtedly going through the same range of emotions, forging friendships as you learn together.Then there’s Le Wagon’s best asset, the teachers and teaching assistants, who bring a wealth of knowledge, passion and guidance. I now know they are the reason Le Wagon has the incredible reputation it has. These guys are there 12 hours a day teaching complex content in an understandable way, solving problems, deciphering our poorly written code, and willing to help unassuming paramedics who really had no idea about coding to start with. They became friends and lifelong mentors, and made my experience at Le Wagon Bali and unforgettable and truly rewarding experience.If you were considering Le Wagon and were on the fence my advice would be to take the plunge, you won’t regret it. Especially in Bali, I can vouch for that team – they are the bomb. Thank you to Dirk, Guido, Gianluca, Sonia, Rayhan, Sisi and the class of #349!Read Less",le-wagon
"A great syllabus lead by skilled and motivated teachers.The content is packed, but very product-oriented, which is very different from a traditional way of teaching code.Everyday starts with a lecture during the morning, followed by a full day of exercises... Read More building on the matter at hand as well as what is already acquired from the previous sessions. We are coached by multiple teachers who guide our thinking and help realize our own potential.Once the day is over, everyone gather again for a live-coding sessions, where the entire class tackles an algorithm together with a teacher.The Wagon gives you all the keys you need not only to be able to build your own website, but most importantly, a real method to be able to seek help and information on what you don't know, developing an autonomy that may be lacking through a more traditional approach.The three last weeks are here to teach you how to work with a team, with 2 full projects to develop and to showcase – which perfects the pragmatic approach of this bootcamp.Once it's finished, we are still left with a huge and great community of alumnis, and Le Wagon helps you and guide you through the follow-ups and your job searches.Attending to Le Wagon changed my life, and for the better.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Italy is a great organization made of fantastic people, both professionally and humanly speaking.I joined their web development boot camp to gain new skills in order to switch career path and all I can say is it that I'm amazed by the quality... Read More of their program.You'll learn so many key arguments necessary to start your career either as a developer, freelancer or entrepreneur.Most importantly you'll practice these arguments every single day throughout the entire boot camp together with an international fellowship of students, supported by amazing teachers.Along the way you might feel a little lost because of the intensiveness of the program but don't worry at all, all the dots will connect at the end and you'll be amazed by the amount of stuff you learned along the journey.Long story short: I'd recommend Le Wagon Italy to anyone who's passionate about programming because this organization is the real deal.Read Less",le-wagon
"After my studies in mechanical engineering and international business on 3 continents, I wanted to link code and business as I saw a gap between what more and more companies are looking for and what university teached me. After a few months as a consultant... Read More in a healthcare-specialized firm, I learned that Le Wagon was opening its very first batch in Data Science in Paris. I didn’t have to think it twice as I knew the quality of the webdev bootcamp from friends. In just 9 weeks, the quantity of information we learned was just incredible. I didn’t know what Numpy, Pandas, ScikitLearn or Seaborn meant… now I have the foundations to understand Python code and SQL queries and start as a Data Analyst, Data Engineer or even on a more business-oriented job like Product owner. Of course, in 9 weeks, it’s impossible to learn everything about anything in the vast world of Python but it’s like school: Le Wagon teaches you the foundations to be able to build on top of that and become a great “data” with experience.Now that the data science bootcamp is opening in other cities throughout the world, go for it if you want to understand data science and AI by yourself and not only by believing others.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon teached me all the magic of coding I needed to start express my creativity and become digitally productive. The knowledges I acquired really helped launching my company Hiboo.io. It also breaks the dividing line between “technical” and “non-technical”... Read More people.In magical terms, I'm not a muggle anymore ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined the course I was at a crossroad in terms of what my future could hold. The University teaching style felt so outdated and slow, with huge breaks between subjects and many “filler” courses. Doing some research lead me to discover “Le Wagon”.... Read More The daily structure of the bootcamp was a perfect mix. Concise morning lectures, followed by challenging hands on problems and ending with a daily refresh of concepts. At no point during bootcamp I felt like there was wasted time. Each day you work someone to solve the problems set out, having someone to discuss the problems with, really helps with the deeper learning aspect. How the challenges are laid out, you can choose to complete the minimum or really test your knowledge with the advanced problems. During the final 3 weeks of the bootcamp all the previous learning is put into real world practice with the creation and completion of 2 functioning websites.During the bootcamp you can feel overwhelmed with the amount of work, but the teachers really help you to not feel left behind. There is various catch up sessions during the bootcamp to further expand and enforce on earlier concepts. Overall leaving the course my life has honestly been completely changed and evolved. Where it was once dark, I can finally see light at the end of the tunnel. I am constantly surprised that Universities haven’t adopted this style of teaching. During the 9 weeks I learnt more than the first 2 years of University taught Software Engineering. This course is just the beginning to your future life as Developer and I would encourage anyone to join, regardless of your previous skill.Feel free to contact me if you have any questions -https://www.linkedin.com/in/alcockwj/Read Less",le-wagon
"I did both the web dev and the data bootcamps back to back. The syllabus is great : covers a lot of ground to give you broad overview of relevant issue. You don't become an expert right away, but you know how to go further and where you want to go. Super... Read More professional and well oiled, yet really friendly community. Excellent teachers and TAs. Genuine alumni network and great ongoing support.Read Less",le-wagon
"The Fullstack Web development Bootcamp at Le Wagon is an incredible training.It is super well constructed, we learn the basics of coding and then all that is necessary to code with a product-oriented vision.I like the idea of ​​not wasting time and learning... Read More just what it takes to get started and that's exactly what Le Wagon does with a very well thought-out course and challenge platform, with projects’ weeks where we develop finished products, a high-level and friendly teaching staff, a very cool start-up atmosphere and great meetings. I recommend Le Wagon just for this human and hyper-instructive parenthesis that does a lot of good and generates many new skills! Now I am ready to code my own marketplace and launch my business!Read Less",le-wagon
"I might as well admit it, I never liked school. After dropping out of it at 16, I became and worked as a photographer for 6 years before I felt like moving on to something else and looking for a new challenge.Through a fortunate combination of circumstances,... Read More I learned about the Le Wagon bootcamp while I was thinking about learning to code. I decided to sign up for it while being quite anxious at the thought of returning to a school environment I had previously fled. The anxiety quickly dissipated when I found out how the bootcamp was going.Short and concise lessons in the morning, playful exercises to be done with one or more people for the rest of the day, helped by the lead teacher and teacher assistants (former bootcamp students), all of this in a family-like atmosphere and place, not to mention the events and parties organised by the staff: everything has been thought out to promote a smooth learning experience, despite the intensity of the work to be done. During the 9 weeks of the bootcamp, I was able to learn so much things and make a lot of interesting encounters. I am proud to say that I am now a freelance fullstack developer and I am delighted to have chosen to attempt at the Wagon adventure.I even enjoyed it so much that I’m back today with pleasure as a teacher assistant from time to time. Not bad for someone who’s not very academic, isn’t it? :)Read Less",le-wagon
"It was an amazing experience, i learn a lot, i met many people. If you want to understand coding then Le Wagon is for you. You will have the keys to start a career in the tech field. I learn other languages after the wagon and it was really easy. I am... Read More very happy with this bootcamp !!Read Less",le-wagon
"After several years in the consulting world working alongside professionals in tech, I wanted to learn to code and better understand technical concepts and architectures that were becoming increasingly prevalent in my work. I tried several times to learn... Read More on my own using online resources, but found it difficult to stay self-motivated.Le Wagon provided me with the structure and intensity I needed to learn quickly. The best part of the experience, beyond the traditional lecture format, is that you learn by doing. You spend most of the day practicing coding, and applying the skills you learned during the morning lectures. The latter part of the bootcamp is dedicated to building out full-scale projects, replicating the experience you would have as a real developer.The course is rigorous and it will challenge you, but that is exactly why it is so effective. All of the instructors were incredibly helpful and patient in helping you get unstuck throughout the exercises and projects. If you're ready to put in the effort, you will come out of this program with the skills and knowledge to grow your professional career.Read Less",le-wagon
"Most important things first: I got a job in three days straight after the camp and still doing great there!Ok now to the mudane details… Le Wagon's track is quite different from anything you will find on the net and is truly brilliant. Instead of focusing... Read More on eye catching features and technology names, it focuses on giving some really solid basics on the MVC desgin pattern and product lifecycle ""the Github way"". And that's all you need truly, to ship ton of product.The schedule is awesome (the best benefit of the program), the content is great, the atmosphere is just perfect. It's all you need to be 100% percent on learning everyday.If you want to develop products, code your own product or get more experience in doing so (e.g. for Product Owner jobs), I can't recommand enough. Forget the fancy React stuff, just learn a proven way to ship functionnal apps. And again, it got me a job in no time.Read Less",le-wagon
"Former account manager in Retail Bank, I wanted new challenges and technical skills, but I never coded before. I was affraid that 9 weeks wasn't enough to learn a whole new job, but here I am, few weeks laters, with a fullstack junior position, loving... Read More every day my choice to change job.Le Wagon isn't just to learn how to write code, it's also how to think like a developper, how to handle problems/challenges, we worked as a team to learn thing et create web-app. We had meetings to discuss with passionate Ceo during the weeks, but also with Developper, freelance , product Owner to discuss about the pro and the cons of each Job.We never felt loss after the Wagon, we knew we had all the tools to improve our skills, to be confident at a Job Interview.Also there is a lot of cool events during the 9 weeks, between two sessions of hard coding :)!Read Less",le-wagon
"As a sound engineer for many years, I was lucky to work with a lot of French artists such as Zaz, Raphaël, Lavilliers , Charlie Winston and David Bowies’s producers Mark Plati and Tony Visconti. I had always been attracted to coding but was too busy to... Read More get myself into it.So I went to look for a fast, intense and the best coding bootcamp.Le Wagon was beyond my expectations. In addition to having taught me the essentials of the basics of code in record time, I was particularly sensitive to the peerless supervision. All the staff is just perfect. They are passionate, involved and attentive. This experience blew my mind and now I just want to put my sound engineer career aside and become a dev !Well done Le Wagon !Read Less",le-wagon
"I was always curious and interested in developing my web development skills, but because of my job I could not make an intensive program of 9 weeks. The solution came with the Part-Time program at Le Wagon that allowed me to pursue my dream of deep diving... Read More into programming without having to give up on my current job. I came to Le Wagon looking for boosting my knowledge in order to be autonomous in launching MVP’s and the experience far surpassed my expectations. Not only I got the technical skills that were required in order to build a product but also I leaned how to conceptualise and launch it. That coupled with amazing staff and existing network made my time worthwhile.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 3 years working in a tech environment as a product owner, I wanted to get a better grasp of the developer’s challenges so I decided to attend Le Wagon and learn for myself what the job was ! I can definitely recommend the program to anyone, regardless... Read More of their previous background and/or experiences: my experience at Le Wagon taught me a lot more than the developers job. It taught me the right development practices, the right way to approach and structure a project, how to collaborate, how to improve my coding skills by myself and more. During these 9 weeks, being surrounded by people from various backgrounds and experiences challenge themselves to pursue a career switch was extremely inspiring and gave each of us the courage needed to design our path as developers/product/growth/entrepreneur...Read Less",le-wagon
"After nearly 10 years of professional experience in “traditional fields” (Finance and Management Consulting), I felt very ignorant of all the tech ecosystem that disrupts every day traditional players. I needed to gain rapidly technical skills and to... Read More get to know this booming geeky world.Le Wagon perfectly matched this goal and I can only recommend it to anyone in the same situation. At Le Wagon, I’ve experienced the most exciting learning experience. Each day is about discovering something new, getting to know a new person and exchanging ideas with smart people from incredibly diversified backgrounds. The teaching is extremely well-thought making it both accessible to complete beginners and exciting to students with more advanced knowledge.I am convinced that today being able to code, to query a database, to design a product in sprint mode or to pitch an app idea are extremely valuable skills not only to geeks and developers but also to anyone in a business function.Read Less",le-wagon
"With three decades in the global news business as a photojournalist, photo editor and manager, I had the opportunity to make a career transition and enroll in the Fullstack Bootcamp for web developers. While in high school in the ‘60s I learned Fortran... Read More and later as a web consultant at a photography school in Paris I worked on SEO visibility in the early days of the internet in the ‘90s where HTML pages had to be tweaked to the algorithms of the different competing search engines. In 2019 “Le Wagon” was my personal pivot, a challenge to learn how to code during their 9-week bootcamp bringing people from various professions and backgrounds into a dynamic environment with the goal of working in the start-up economy. Learning at the bootcamp was intense - daily presentations to learn code, followed by exercises working with a different buddy each day, ending with a hour-long ‘live code’ session. And flash cards to review the course content each day. By the end of the second week, many of us were dreaming code in our sleep. An excellent teaching staff and a pedagogical program that has proven itself since the creation of ‘Le Wagon’. They have developed an environment where students of all technical levels can learn the tools needed to build web applications. Just excellent !As “Le Wagon” simply states, “Change your life, learn to code”.Read Less",le-wagon
"2 months to learn to code, ok quite a big challenge, BUT Challenge accepted ;) It was difficult for me to believe that I’ll be able to learn to make a web-app in 2 months only. It was not easy but I definitely succeeded, thanks to a teaching team who... Read More really helped me to improve myself and move on to the next step. Today, I can do anything, with a lot more time, that an experiented dev’. Something also that I really appreciated at Le Wagon, it’s the entrepreneurship mindset. For me, this mindset allows to make the difference. Last thing but really important, I’ve really meet very goodwill people along my training and I think that it has made also the difference for success my training.Read Less",le-wagon
"Leaving aside my former job in finance, I decided to take part in the adventure “Le Wagon” in January 2020: an immersion into the world of tech to learn how to code!9 weeks in a batch of 30 people from all walks of life in a studious and ultra positive... Read More atmosphere. And that’s what Le Wagon is all about: mothers, students, car salesmen, costume designers, lighting designers? All at the same level.We talked about database, algorithm, back-end, front-end, MVC, Ruby on Rails, Javascript, Postgresql, Heroku and many more! A lot of terms that were not very well known at the beginning but that have no more secrets for me today.But we worked a lot, really, to finally succeed in creating a web app project in groups. I wouldn’t have imagined at the beginning to succeed in all this. Having worked in management control for several years, I can say that my reconversion is well under way!But to achieve this, we had excellent teachers and a very operational and highly effective teaching approach.Thank you to the whole team of Le Wagon Paris for their kindness, their good mood and for all the beers :)I’m very happy to be part of Le Wagon alumni, a huge community! and I encourage all those who want to learn to code to participate in Le Wagon adventure!Read Less",le-wagon
"Joining Le Wagon’s bootcamp was one of the best decision of my life. Learning code is difficult but at Le Wagon everything was made to help the students : the organization is perfect, the lessons are well explained and the teachers have a lot of experience.... Read More On top of that, the atmosphere is friendly and the afterworks really fun.I highly recommend to do it if you plan to learn coding !Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m a real estate agent based in Paris, and I wanted to learn code since i was young. I choose Le wagon and I’m very statisfied about what I can do after 9 intensives week of learn in Le Wagon. I already code some very complete website for different projects,... Read More and if it’s seems very easy to do that now, it’ was not able to do anything with a terminal just before le Wagon. Don’t change anything , and long life to Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m a real estate agent in Paris. I was interested in coding since my young age. After 9 weeks learning code with le Wagon teachers , i’m so proud to create a full website by my own. It was 9 weeks very intense and a lot of headache for Learn all the... Read More concepts, but we did it. You have to be very motivated, if you are , go to le wagon. And like me you can begin like a junior full stack developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"As an independent consultant in digital strategy, I’m making my clients benefit from all of the advantages technology has to offer to improve their businesses. After 20+ years in this industry, it was time for me to look at how to enrich my value proposition... Read More and get a deeper understanding of the technical side of digital transformation.  A fellow consultant who had already gone down that path convinced me to learn code with joining Le Wagon and that’s probably one of the best decisions I’ve ever made.  The 2 month bootcamp was quite intense, the program is extremely sharp and we worked it out thanks to the excellent pedagogy and Le Wagon’s over the top educational team and tools. Each day started with a short lecture and we spent the rest of it working in pairs on very concrete projects to immediately practice the lectured concepts. I enjoyed the broad diversity and enthousiasm of my classmates : everybody was there to learn and we worked hard in a great collaborarive hence stimulating atmosphere.  I have since gone back to consulting with much stronger technical skills, which are enabling me to provide my clients with a more efficiently grounded end-to-end service. I strongly recommend Le Wagon !Read Less",le-wagon
I chose to learn code with Le Wagon as it was a part of my professional retraining. I was Account Manager Back Office in Finance and wanted to be a Developper Web.With Le Wagon I learn a lot thanks to their daily organisation and all the practices they... Read More proposed. Their teachers and assistants are really available and have lot of experiences. It was intensive but always with good vibes !I'm proud to be part of Le Wagon Alumni !Read Less,le-wagon
"After 8 years in the financial industry, I chose le Wagon to start my vocational retraining. And I'm so glad I did! Everything is great about this program : - the teachers &amp; the courses are great, efficient, clear and allow everyone to progress - the... Read More students : I've met so many great people, interesting, funny and with diverse life experience - the whole experience itself : you'll get yoga class, talks with entrepreneurs, parties! It's a life changing experience, which gives you all the energy you need to change career. With le Wagon, anything is possible!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 5 years spent as retail manager I really felt the need to update my profile and start something new. I wanted to switch to a product career and I have noticed that knowing how to code was a real plus in the requirements. A friend told me about coding... Read More bootcamps in Paris and after thorough online check Le Wagon website and alumni experiences totally convinced me. I wanted to this. I loved the 2 months bootcamp, loved the vibe, everybody was super focused, nice and fun (great afterworks and networking evenings during the week). With 0 knowledge before my prepwork I was struggling and teachers, assistant teachers, classmates were super helpful. I loved the concept to work in pairs and for the final project in groups of four, you learn a lot also from your pairs. It was one of my best experiences, I fell in love with front-end development and UX/UI design. I am currently preparing my PM interviews and knowing how to code helps me a great deal to see the whole picture and also to better understand the developers work. There is also a very active alumni network you benefit from with great information.Read Less",le-wagon
"I chose ""Le Wagon"" training firstly because the program is very well constructed and the learning method in reverse pedagogy seems interesting to me. Besides, their learning platform is very well developed for this !Secondly because the school is also... Read More recognized by employers, it has a good reputation and good reviews from students.The training allowed me to gain in ease, in methodology and confidence, although the impostor syndrome still persists. The teachers and the TA are there to guide and support us. I also had very good encounters with my classmates, all from different backgrounds.Today I am delighted to have completed the Wagon training and obtained my certification. A good part of my reconversion is completed !Since the end of the training in March 2020, I have made a portfolio to apply and I continue to train and train again to make my junior profile more attractive.I'm currently looking for my first job as a web developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"I rarely ever say stuff like this, but joining Le Wagon is one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. Why? Because of its laser-focused curriculum taught by people who not only know their craft, but can also break down complex content for complete noobs... Read More like myself. The vibe was also awesome thanks to the other students, who were all likeminded self-starters keen to learn and collaborate with no BS. This made me realize that learning a difficult technical skill can and should be a good balance between having fun and supporting each other, and maintaining intensity and pushing each other—a learning experience like no other. It’s been 18 months since taking the bootcamp, and although I didn’t work as a developer, it did help me transition from working in the finance industry to working with a tech startup. I recently decided to pick up coding again, which has been a smooth process by self-studying the entire curriculum again with its consistently updated exercises.Read Less",le-wagon
"After spending all my career in Finance in the same large company I wanted to change my life and start something new. Code was for me the best skill to learn for whatever I wanted to do. Le Wagon was more than a coding bootcamp, it was a really amazing... Read More experience and way above my expectations. The pedagogy of Le Wagon is unbelievable. In just 2 months, I was able to go from zero notion of coding to developing full websites from scratch for friends or family. I also feel confident enough to develop my knowledge with all the resources available on Le Wagon alumni website.Also, Le Wagon community is a second family. The staff, alumni, students and professors are always here to help, explain, advise, motivate, go out even after the bootcamp.I loved my experience so much that I didn’t want to let go of it and am now launching Le Wagon in a new country.Read Less",le-wagon
"After a Master degree in digital project management and 2 years working as a junior product manager, I felt like I was lacking some technical knowledge while working on projects with engineers and developers. I was looking for a coding bootcamp to acquire... Read More coding skills and after attending several workshops at different coding schools I knew that Le Wagon would be the best option. After attending the 9 weeks bootcamp I can say that Le Wagon exceeded by far all my expectations! It is both an amazing learning and human experience and seeing projects coming alive at the demo day is very rewarding as we can concretely assess our progress. Plus, the learning tool is really advanced and complete, you also get a lifelong access to it which is very useful when you want to review some tutorials. I would definitely recommend Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"To remain competitive on the job market, we have to learn all along our career.So I’ve decided to start the Full-Stack program of Le Wagon, because this educational approach is perfect to get technical skills.As a Product Manager, technical knowledge... Read More are necessary, and learning to code helps me to interact perfectly with developers.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've been working with developers for two years now through my Marketing and IT background. For those who worked with developers but never coded, you get what I mean if I say that you can only understand what they do to some degree. Doing this Bootcamp... Read More made all web-development concepts much clearer.I did Le Wagon to acquire new skills and eventually launch my projects in the future. I'm the curious type and I don't want to stick to only one job in my career.The experience was intense but you will learn something new every day. I had no coding skills before attending the Bootcamp and after two months I was able with the help of my team to conceive two apps using Ruby on Rails. So if I could do it you can do it too.After the Bootcamp, the active community will help you land a job through networking and career advice. Everything is made for you to succeed after these two-months.After doing Le Wagon, I can definitely say that web-development made it to my list of interests.If you always wanted to learn how to code, trust Le Wagon to help you do the job.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon adventure was a very intense and rewarding experience. Both technically and intellectually where it was a real pleasure to be so stimulated, but also on the human level where I am happy to have been able to make beautiful connections. Today I... Read More am still in regular contact with many of them and I hope to see them again soon to work together or just to have a good time.At Le Wagon, everything is incredibly broken in to allow you to learn actively and calmly.I joined the wagon to learn to code and give a new start to my career. Today I’m delighted I made this decision. I finished Le Wagon with the desire to continue to learn, the feeling of being in adequacy with our time (where code is everywhere), a new aptitude and desire to conceive.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon while I was a student at a French business school where my specialization was in management control and audit. One of the reasons I decided to take part in Le Wagon to bring more technical skills to my resume and another was that I'm... Read More keen on new technologies so I wanted to prove to recruiters that I possess the competencies required to work in this sector. Finally, I desired to satisfy my curiosity and deeply understand how a website site works. In other words, as long as you don't know about coding, the makeup of a website seems to be magic and I wanted to master it!I chose Le Wagon in Bali because I was studying in Thailand as part of an exchange semester so I was already close to Indonesia. I had long been interested in traveling throughout Asia to experiment the culture and practice my English before coming back to France. I also chose Bali because this place is really chill. Everything is made to make your work life easier and relaxed. The landscapes are amazing, the sea appeases you and many restaurants/ bars are located nearby the bootcamp (very cheap and excellent).We spent the first three weeks of the bootcamp learning back-end. This was a huge challenge and the most intense part of the bootcamp. At the beginning of the program, you don't really understand why you started learning the backend in the first place. Not knowing about it can become frustrating but step by step everything comes together. After 6 weeks, you finally realize why the bootcamp was structured this particular way and you are now able to create your own site.What really helps you during the bootcamp is the buddy system. Each day, you work as part of a team but always with a different person. It really helps you because your buddy pushes you and vice versa. If you have a question, you usually get the answer quickly. Additionally, I would say that explaining to other teammates what you personally understood is not a waste of time. It helps you to better handle all the difficult concepts by structuring your thoughts. I also enjoyed my free time when I was in Bali and especially during the weekends. The teachers truly promoted a positive atmosphere among students to create strong connections. For instance, they organized a boat trip with all the students in the batch so that we could get to know each other better.As final project we coded a website as part of our final project. Our goal was to help people to find hotspots nearby them using different sources thanks to an API. I was really excited about this project because given its very special nature. The structure of the site was quite easy to code but the biggest challenge came from the connecting of all the API. I therefore had the chance to discover what was an API, how it works and how companies create businesses thanks to it.In my opinion, the big difference between Le Wagon and other bootcamps is that Le Wagon is product focused. You learn how to work in team as a developer but also how to design and present your website for a pitch. You don't study how to code just for the sake of it. Everything is done so that you become proficient at coding your own website for the final project. As a result of your efforts, this project should show you all the progress that you made during the program.After Le Wagon I will work at a ""big four"" audit firm where I will mainly audit tech companies. To a certain extent, I did the opposite of what many people do after graduating from Le Wagon. I didn't want to quit my finance and marketing job to become a developer. Learning how to code allowed me to join the business unit I wanted. The partner who interviewed told me that knowing about programming was a big advantage on my resume!Read Less",le-wagon
"I wanted to change my career path ! I was working as a Business Manager in a digital agency, but i wanted to have more information about how this is working ! After considering multiple options for a bootcamp I have chosen Le Wagon Paris for multiple... Read More reasons:--&gt; Teachers are ( surely ? ) the best we can have, they make it easy to understand all the core concepts !--&gt; The way we learn is by practicing, practicing and practicing. It’s amazing how much we can learn.--&gt; The mindset of Le Wagon is really collaborative: We move forward individually and grow as a group toward the same objective.I’m glad I took the leap and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to challenge themselves and learn to code really quickly. You’ll see after 9 weeks, you will want more of it !!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 8 years working experience in strategy consulting and a business school background, I decided to attend Le Wagon web-development bootcamp to start my own software business. Several friends strongly recommended Le Wagon, and I must say the curriculum... Read More is amazing: - great teachers, with a super responsive ticket system to get 1:1 coaching when needed: you just wait max a couple of minute to have a teacher help you debug and explain what's going on in your code- great classes, to learn all the basics to build a products and learn on your own afterwards. You learn ""by doing"", with lots of practical tips (scraping, API, etc.) and all the ""basics"" for github, HTML/CSS, Ruby, Javascript- fantastic online tools to progress at your own pace, access UI libraries, additional classes, etc.- lot of events: keynotes from entrepreneurs, meet-up with alumni in different positions (freelance, product manager, dev, entrepreneurs...), and afterworks of course!- great community &amp; alumni networkIf you're looking for an intensive, 2-month coding bootcamp to learn web-development and how to build an online product, Le Wagon is an excellent choice!Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing my business high school, i used to work as a freelance business developer for different startup, for 4 years. I learned a lot about business and entrepreneurship, but it was not enough. I needed more than only try to increase company’s... Read More turnover.Indeed, I'm passionate about tech startup and I always have 1000 digital business ideas in my mind, but I have never been ableto do more than a simple prototype or a static page …It’s why I decided a couple of month ago to stop my current activities and start Le Wagon Paris.And I think It was one of the best calls in my life: I met so much people with different background but with a same goal: learn how to code properly and demystify the tech side.The Wagon’s team has succeeded to make this bootcamps an unforgettable experience with a great positive energy.I work now as a full-stack developer, and I’m able to transform a simple idea into a beautiful app. Everybody should do The Wagon Program!Read Less",le-wagon
"Former IT Consultant I’ve always been interested in web design and coding, but unfortunately never took the time to learn it properly.During my studies and early years of my career, I’ve noticed many area of improvement which could easily be solved by... Read More providing the right digital tool. That’s why I’ve always wanted to learn coding !I wanted to get a set of technical skills which will allow me to test my ideas and provide the first step towards a complete solution to a given problem. Attending Le Wagon was for me the best way to achieve this goal ! Within 9 weeks I’ve learned the basis of Object Oriented Programmation and I am now able to build strong and powerful websites !Today I am working as a freelance developper, helping entrepreneurs transform their idea into strong web project. I also work on my personal ideas developing and testing in order to create my own business. Le Wagon gave me the ability to change my life by learning to code and by discovering a large and benevolent community always willing to help me achieve each challenge I face in this new life !Read Less",le-wagon
"Well, where to start ? I came with a finance background. Never seen a line of code in my entire life or nothing related to code.Course are really really really well structured. Every morning, you have 1h30 of theory. You can ask all your question, stuff... Read More you don't understand. Teachers always have an answer or a way to direct you. And for the rest of the day, you do practical exercices to understand all concepts you juste learn in the morning. If you do not understand something ? Easy, you ask (via ticket) to a Teacher Assistant ! The thing that i a really liked : besides all the knowledge about WebDev that they teach you, you learn Curiosity. But le Wagon it's not only juste a course about WebDev. You also join a community, and that's : It's so powerfull ! Just DO IT !Read Less",le-wagon
"Although I had received excellent feedbacks on the training, the experience far surpassed my expectations. The way of teaching is very effective and it really gives you the foundations to become a developer , as well as the desire to become one. Above... Read More all, the team is particularly dedicated to its mission, and you can really feel it everyday !Personally, I finished the training with a company project and a co-founder, and a will to code for real. A game changer !Read Less",le-wagon
The course is incredible. Being so product focused means not only am I able to make full working apps as a spring board to a new career and further development but I have an insight in to the full workflow and life cycle of an app.All the staff are warm... Read More and generous so the atmosphere is really conducive to learning. I’ve progressed so much in such a short amount of time and now excited for my next steps. Thanks Le Wagon!Read Less,le-wagon
"Not too long ago, I moved to Canada from Brazil and started living and working in Montreal. I stumbled upon Le Wagon coding bootcamp and fell in love with its mission. One thing led to another and I soon started working at Le Wagon. While I didn’t know... Read More how to code, it was something I had always wanted to learn. When we launched a new part-time coding program in Montréal, I saw an opportunity I couldn’t pass up : learn to code while working at the same time. Luckily, my team fully supported my decision to apply — thank you, team! — and before long, I joined the bootcamp as a student. I finished the bootcamp in April and it was one of the best learning experiences I have ever had!Learning Speed &amp; ResourcesThe goal at the bootcamp is to accelerate tech education with hands-on practice and an emphasis on finding creative solutions to problems. The bootcamp gave us access to all the resources and tools we could ask for, and guided us through challenges that were built to expose us to new concepts every day. You couldn’t get bored, there just wasn’t enough time! I recently completed a Master Degree program in Canada and I felt a huge difference in learning speed when I compare both programs. In the end, I was impressed that we were able to create an entire web application in just 3 weeks working part-time, two nights a week and Saturdays. I’ve never felt so satisfied and like I learned so much in such a short period of time!CollaborationCollaboration might not be the first thing that comes to mind when you imagine a group of people coding, but at Le Wagon, it is. Teachers are always available to unblock you when you’re stuck, and you can count on your buddies for help solving challenges. The more you collaborate, the better, because you learn a lot from your interactions with classmates and teachers. There’s a lot of value in understanding someone else’s process and seeing different approaches to the same problem. Group projects were the best part of the program. We put into practice everything we had learned and flexed our project management muscles. Embracing difficulties and mistakes One of the main things I learned was to embrace difficulties. We learned to embrace bugs and even mistakes at the bootcamp. When they happened, we dealt with them and moved forward. There was an open-minded culture where it was OK to make mistakes because that’s how we learned! Every solution found after hours of being blocked was an invaluable victory. Programmers make plenty of mistakes all the time and learn from them. Solving coding challenges every day is a surprisingly satisfying activity. You get to have a lot of fun with it!Part-time formatI loved the part-time format and I learned a lot. It’s still fast-paced, but the nature of the part-time program allows for more time to review concepts when needed. It’s the perfect format if you want to keep your day job. But my advice : make sure you organize your agenda well. You should not miss any day, it’s new information every day, new challenges, you really need to commit to get the most out of it.Empowering Minorities in TechI felt so empowered after this experience, I feel like I can do anything now. To be completely honest, moving to a different country (with two official languages that are not my mother tongue) was not an easy experience, and when I saw I was able to do so many things with what I learned and to code on my own complex projects, I felt more empowered than ever. I truly believe that this type of program could really help minority groups (women included) get access to the tech world &amp; startup community. It’s a very different way of learning, very engaging and intense. It’s not easy, but it’s totally rewarding and worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently completed the first part time bootcamp at Le Wagon Tokyo. Before starting the course I had some coding experience from university but had forgotten most of it over the years.And after working as an English instructor for a couple of years,... Read More I felt the need for a career change, so I decided to join the bootcamp.At first I considered doing the full time course but couldn’t afford to take 9 weeks off work so decided to join the part time course. This course allowed me to work full time during the day, and then study at night and on the weekend.During the course we were helped by a great team of teachers. All of them were very knowledgeable and were always willing to help if ever we got stuck, even outside of class hours.As far as the course itself goes, I can honestly say I learnt more practical coding and teamwork skills in the bootcamp than I did during my full degree.Each day we slowly built on the knowledge learnt the day before, and by the end of it we were all able to make fully functioning web apps better than we could have imagined when we first started.I would highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants a career change, or just wants to learn a new practical life skill.Read Less",le-wagon
"Even having a big desire for technology at an early age, my parents chose a different career path for me. Right after finishing High School I was sent to college for a law degree which took 7 years. By that time, my desire for becoming a tech person or... Read More somewhat coder was partially impossible (Or at least that’s what I thought). Despite having credentials and resources to work as an attorney, I chose to pursue my dream in the tech industry. Also, it’s hard working on a field that you don't desire. Hence my journey with Lewagon was found. I had a great time during my time at Lewagon Bali. The curriculum pushes you at speeds that allow you to learn a large amount of information in just 9 weeks. It was a struggle to keep up sometimes but by the end of it I can assure that I felt I have found the part of the education I would want growing up in to become a web developer. Lewagon also gave everything on their ability to offer the best and proper resources to prepare for a future job.I attended batch 349 in Bali, and I was surprised by the great quality of the teachers and assistants along with the course materials. Everything in those 9 weeks was fun, meaningful, and educational which you wouldn’t typically get in academic learning facilities. At the end of the course, not only I had finished a career worth of degree, but I also got to create 30 different friendships from 13 different countries. I’m glad to take this course and unquestionably can say that it was the best decision. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this course to others who are considering starting in this field. Best of luck!#349Read Less",le-wagon
"Convinced that the code will be a subject taught in school programs in the same way as mathematics, I decided to register for the first part-time batch of Le Wagon Montréal in the fall of 2019 to be in tune with my time and learn how to code.I was absolutely... Read More looking for a part-time program with the specific purpose of learning the basics of coding to develop personal projects. If all the roads lead to Rome then all the good reviews lead to Le Wagon, so when Le Wagon Montreal opened the part-time program, I did not hesitate!The resources (platform, videos, challenges, flashcards, Slack, etc.) of Le Wagon are really well suited for part-time learning (every other day we had videos to watch while the other days we were in the classroom to work on our challenges with sometimes a bonus of live code which is for me the best way to learn). The teachers and assistants are passionate and qualified! The buddy system also works quite well.The pace is quite intense when combined with a full-time job. The program lasts 24 weeks, so it is a commitment you should think about a lot. The first 3 months were the hardest for me and I questioned myself several times. It was only during the project phase that everything fell into place!Le Wagon Montréal is also very active in Montreal's tech and start-up ecosystem and organizes many events and talks. Le Wagon Montréal also offers numerous workshops and discussions to prepare you for the post-bootcamp.There are plenty of free sources on the internet to learn how to code, but the benefit of learning it via a bootcamp is that you can learn the basics in a specific setting without dissipating, it saves you time and provides you discipline.Whatever your reason, I strongly recommend Le Wagon program to you and here are the pros and cons on the part-time program if you still hesitate:- The major positive part for me about the part-time program is that we have time to digest and assimilate the concepts over several days. The fact that the course is via video is rather practical to come back to fuzzy notions or to follow the live code (again, I strongly recommend actually doing it while watching the videos, it helped me a lot to practice). Everyone can follow at their own pace.- If you are unsure if coding is right for you but you want to learn, I recommend doing the program part time. It'll take out the after-bootcamp stress and will allow you to take your time on how you want to use your new knowledge.- The program is project oriented and that's why I wanted to follow this particular bootcamp. At the end of the program you will be able to code (back and front) and deploy in production a real web application!- The biggest negative is that it is long ... but it is the way it is! As I said, this is not a decision that should be taken lightly. You have to be ready for 6 months to put your social life aside and have only Sunday to rest. There are days when you won't want to be there and no longer look at single line of code, but most of the days go by quickly!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon Montreal, I was working for Bell Canada in paiement solutions. I have a background in marketing and was seeking to improve my technical skills in web development for me to change career. I searched online to find the best school and found... Read More Le Wagon to be the best candidate. I can assure you, this decision was one of the hardest and best decision of my life. The community and people surronding Le Wagon was amazing. They gave us the support we needed to go through the entire bootcamp, without loosing hope and we the best attitude possible. The teachers and other staff members were really attentiv to our needs and their way of teaching was really adapted for someone like me who had no previous experience in web programming. Thank you again !!!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to my attendance at the Bali Le Wagon Bootcamp I worked in specialised commercial roles which included data analysis and strategy development in Australia. I was already on a good salary, but I wanted to challenge myself even further - so I did... Read More not renew my job contract and decided to apply for a coding bootcamp. A friend of mine had already done the research for me and told me how I could lower my fixed living costs while also attending a reputable coding bootcamp. This was Le Wagon in Bali – A perfect place to recharge between 10-12 hour days filled with intense coding and learning new concepts.I would often start my day with a coffee to get me fired up for the morning lecture. Typically, I asked the most questions during the lecture (which no one seemed to mind) as I was trying to absorb as much as possible. We would then break out into pairs and complete coding challenges with the option of putting in a ticket to get help from the lecturers.The lecturers were extremely passionate about coding and were willing to explain every detail (did I mention I asked a lot of questions?). At one point I compiled all my own notes and questions and the head instructor spent an hour with me 1 on 1 answering every question – he didn’t mind at all!I had always considered myself a relatively fast learner and was a bit concerned that I would not get my money’s worth – I was wrong. The Le Wagon bootcamp can adjust your learning experience based on how you are progressing. I struggled (we all did), which made the end that much more rewarding.I was fortunate to have my final project selected by my peers. Apparently, my project was very different to a typical end project as it wasn’t focused around food or travel. Instead, I wanted to create a web application that cleaned data and I was fortunate to work with 3 other talented people on this project.I enjoyed writing the cleaning algorithms in Ruby and I still do Codewar challenges to this day to keep thinking programmatically about problems.After the Bootcamp I became an Analytics and Automation Manager for a large listed company which I love - because I can use my newfound coding skills in my job. I also look back at my experience at the camp and really appreciate the relationships I built with people from around the World. I highly recommend the Le Wagon bootcamp in Bali and would suggest you be open to applying - despite what current level you’re at in your career.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I had been working for a lot of years in Sales and Marketing in different multinational companies.I've always wanted to be a part of the world of tech and learn to code because I'm really passionate about tech.Le Wagon exceeded my expectations.... Read More It was one of the best experiences of my life but also one of the most challenging.The teachers and TA's and all the staff are awesome and super helpful. :)I met a lot of amazing people that now I can call friends.I'm so grateful to have chosen Le Wagon for taking the Web Development Bootcamp.Now that I finished the Bootcamp I would like to work in a tech company and later be a tech entrepreneur.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting Le Wagon, I used to work in finances. And albeit I made a lot of money, I simply was not happy. Holder of a master’s degree in finances, I have worked in the field for almost 8 years before realizing that it was not what I wanted to do... Read More in life. A friend of mine suggested I look into a coding bootcamp as he knew that I was interested in a career change and that I had enough skills to go into that field. I am very comfortable with computers and have the required thinking capacities for it. Being a tech lead and a Senior backend developer at one of Canada’s biggest fashion design companies himself, he took the time to go over the syllabus of every coding bootcamp available in the Greater-Montreal area with me. After deliberating, we concluded that Le Wagon’s program had the richest and most useful content that would prepare me to go straight into the job market after completing it. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAND, bonus points, they were now offering it part-time, so I could literally work and study at the same time. I started the bootcamp with its first part-time batch in October 2019, and I instantly knew that I made the right choice. The teachers were extremely nice and very knowledgeable. This was my first time taking a professional coding camp other than the hours I spent on tutorials on YouTube and I could already say I was going to learn a lot. The exercises are designed in a way that will help you understand the core principals of coding, and the teachers will help you think like a programmer. You will be paired with a different buddy each day, which will help you get out of your comfort zone and see things from the perspective of each comrade in your batch. The program is true to its syllabus, it is very much object oriented and will arm you with the necessary skills to kickstart your career as a web developer, and a coding…nerd :D. A month and a half into the bootcamp, a headhunter that knew I wanted to change careers contacted me to offer me an interview for a job in IT. During my interview, I mentioned the bootcamp and got a lot of questions about it (literally spent 20 minutes talking about the bootcamp), the interviewer really liked the fact that I was willing to spend 10 000 dollars to learn new skills. I got a confirmation call the next day and got the job. I am now extremely happy in my new environment. The group project at the end of the bootcamp is an amazing opportunity for you to learn how to work in teams and collaborate on building one app as a team, which will undoubtably prepare you for the real world work.  One thing you will need to remember though is to always PRACTICE PRACTICE PRACTICE. As with learning any new skill, you will be overwhelmed at first but TRUST THE SYSTEM, Le Wagon recipe has already proven its proficiency, so follow the rules, do your challenges, and practice outside of class hours and you will be all SET!Read Less",le-wagon
"Teachers are always create an environment inducive to conversation so easy to ask question. And teacher’s explanation was easy to understand.The curriculum is also very good, first we learn the basics of JavaScript and Ruby , then make a simple application... Read More by yourself. In the end, you can creating an app as a team. i took part time class so i could learn a lot in 6 months.Read Less",le-wagon
"Bonjour, J'ai eu la chance d'être sélectionné pour suivre la formation du Wagon de l'été 2019 qui se terminait en septembre.Cela faisait déjà quelques mois que je me renseignais sur des écoles / formations qui permettaient de se reconvertir. J'avais plusieurs... Read More collègues / amis qui faisaient le métier que je voulais faire qui m'avait parlé du Wagon (qu'en bien, en vantant une expérience unique, une communauté au top). Voulant me faire un avis par moi-même j'ai décidé de les rencontrer à la journée portes ouvertes. J'ai tout de suite accroché, effectivement, l'ambiance, les locaux, les profs, la communauté, tout était au RDV. J'ai donc postulé et ai été accepté à suivre la formation.Je ne connaissais rien en dev, une vraie chèvre (sans vouloir offenser les chèvres dev du quartier).. Avant de commencer la formation je me suis renseigné donc sur les principaux languages qu'on allait découvrir (HTML, CSS, RUBY (ton ami), RAILS, JS, SQL) et me sentais rapidement dépassé car ... bah c'est technique quand même pour une chèvre seule. En commençant en présentiel, c'est la ou le bootcamp, la communauté, prennent tous leurs sens. On est pas laissé tout seul derrière son ordi avec une batterie d'exercices, on est vraiment accompagné à notre niveau sur les différents sujets quotidien par les professeurs, les professeurs assistants et surtout les autres élèves ! On nous pousse à parler, à poser des questions à nos buddys (copains qui serviront de 2ème cerveaux et 2ème foie). Parceque oui, le programme est intense, on ne rigole pas, on sue sur des lignes de codes toute la journée donc il faut bien décompresser ! Le Wagon organise plein d'événements, de meetings en interne, externe, yoga, sport, pour nous permettre de décompresser comme il faut ! Et c'est tout aussi important !Depuis, je suis (toujours une chèvre ? non ... je vite laché le bouc....) Product Owner dans une belle startup dans le secteur de la fintech. La formation m'a permis de vite monter en compétence sur des sujets tech, de comprendre et parler aux devs et d'avoir une vision à 360 sur les problématiques que je peux rencontrer.Bref... J'ai déjà recommandé cette formation à plein de personnes qui souhaitent se reconvertir et certains sont en ce moment même (bien que confinés) en train de participer à leur bootcamp. Mais je te la recommande à toi aussi, si tu veux changer de vie.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before attending Le Wagon, I was trying my best to learn how to program on my own. I was following courses on Codecademy, Coursera etc. for about 6 months prior to the start of Le Wagon. Those online self-paced educational programs are great, but we covered... Read More almost all of what I had studied up until that point in just the first week of Le Wagon. It was a challenge, but you learn quickly and there are always people there to support you and help you through when you are struggling. Going into the bootcamp, I was a bit nervous about the pressure of a strict curriculum and tough challenges, but the atmosphere and friendly social environment upon starting the bootcamp put those fears immediately to rest. The way the bootcamp is structured is perfect for maintaining focus for the students and creating a collaborative feel to the work itself. I had so much fun just learning alongside my classmates and under the instruction of great teachers that the 9 weeks of the bootcamp just seemed to fly by. My only criticism of the curriculum itself, is that I thought more sections of the bootcamp could have been extended to allow some breathing room to absorb more the information. Specifically, I felt that the amount of time spent on JavaScript was a bit short. JavaScript is such a vital language to be comfortable with in web development but I didn't feel like we really dove into it enough for me to feel confident in my ability with it after graduating. Additionally, I felt as if we didn't have enough time to put into practice some of the more advanced Rails topics that we learned about during the final weeks of the bootcamp. These criticisms however, are minor gripes in what I found to be overall one of the best learning experiences I've ever had. After the bootcamp, I spent about 3-4 months looking for a job in Tokyo as a software engineer. As a resident of Tokyo already, I had a bit more flexibility when looking for a job than those who were on a tourist visa. However, this was still the hardest part of the career shift. There were many discouraging moments and even times where I wouldn't hear anything from the interviews I had and potential employers that I reached out to. Despite the difficulty, I received tons of advice and assistance from members of the staff at Le Wagon. They really seem invested in the students even after they graduate, and for good reason. The help I received from Le Wagon is really what encouraged me through my job hunting and it helped me to remain proactive. I can now happily say that I have a job at a Tokyo tech startup as a software engineer and that the investment in Le Wagon was well worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before i did the bootcamp i was studying a mechanical engineer, i decided to learn to code because i wasnt fullfilled with my current career. So i enrolled in Le wagon, it was an awesome experience the instructors are extremely capable and knowledgeable... Read More in coding and in teaching. After the bootcamp i manage to land a job as a web developerRead Less",le-wagon
"I have been working with tech for a while and wanted to learn more about the specifics, I tried -unsuccessfully- to learn to code several times. LeWagon's BCN well structured system and great staff makes it easy, fun and worth-living experience. I have... Read More not only added more tools to my skillset, but, I have a new understanding of what is possible (a ""creator"" kind of mind). I truly feel like this was the best money I spent in terms of education: structured learning, awesome atmosphere, great learning digital platform and demanding rhythm, no BS.Two things that you shouldn't take lightly: 1. When I say awesome atmosphere, I'm not kidding, Barcelona is an amazing city (I moved here after the bootcamp), the staff are the coolest peeps you will ever meet. They are the ""silicon valley"" type of character (smart, to the point, tech-savvy) with a back-packer kind of personality (friendly, caring, fun, funny, people, multi-cultural, curious and explorers!). 2. The demanding rhythm is REALLY demanding, you will need to focus every day and work hard, it takes willpower and brain-power. If you have problems to fall asleep, this works like a remedy cause each day is so intense that once you touch your bed you'll sleep like a baby + you'll dream about coding. Hope this helps anyone trying to decide!Read Less",le-wagon
Joining Le Wagon was one of the best career related decisions I have made. What I loved the most about Le Wagon was the focus on hands on coding from day 1 with a combination of buddies to pair program with and really supportive teachers. Problem solving... Read More in each class and then seeing the outcome from your work was really satisfying. In 6-months I a gained a new skill and also became part of an amazing community. I would highly recommend the part-time programme!Read Less,le-wagon
"I joined the Le Wagon full-stack web development course in Montreal for winter 2020 (batch #367). Prior to coming to Le Wagon, I had been working as an environmental engineer in New Zealand and took an extended leave of absence to come and do the course.... Read More I chose to do an intensive coding boot-camp because I’d had some prior exposure to coding through my studies and my work. I had noticed I enjoyed it more than the other aspects of the job, and knew it was time to begin shifting my career path. The full-stack course Le Wagon offers gave me the push I needed to finally sit down and learn as much about coding as I could.The course is fast-paced and intense. You start each day (Monday-Friday) at 8:30 AM with an hour and a half lecture that presents you with a lot of new content. The rest of each day up until 6:00 PM (aside from a short lunch-break, and a one-hour yoga session on Wednesdays) is spent doing coding challenges in pairs. The Le Wagon lecturers and teaching assistants are all very knowledgeable and are available throughout the day to help you when you get stuck. In the evening when you are at home, you will have a set of simple flashcards to work through to help you reinforce the core concepts covered each day.Le Wagon teaches you the value of working with a buddy/team, as you never really learn as well as when you are asked to explain it to someone else. The course continued as described above for the first 7 weeks and then shifted to groups of 3-4 for the final 2 project-focused weeks. During this time we worked as a team on a project of our own design, which we were required to build from scratch and present on the final day of the course. In my case, we built Green Thumb – a web application that helps keen vegetable growers manage planting, irrigation and keeping an eye on the weather for their home garden. During this period you learn an awful lot about bringing ideas to life, collaborating on gitHub, and of course good communication and conflict resolution skills that are an essential part of working in a team.I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Le Wagon and can’t recommend them highly enough if you are looking to learn how to code, or even just to improve on your existing coding skills and get some exposure to the kind of tools developers are using everyday. The course material is constantly updated so it’s always highly relevant, and best of all you have access to everything once the boot-camp is over. All the lecturers are great about coming back to you with answers later if you come up with questions they can’t answer on the spot (let’s face it – there is more out there than any one person can ever be expected to know!). Outside of work hours Le Wagon is also great at organising networking events, with weekly evening talks given by entrepreneurs and developers about the local technology community. There are also drinks together at Le Wagon every Friday night and plenty of opportunities to get together with others from your batch for some fun activities on the weekends.Overall, Le Wagon is one of the best learning experiences I’ve ever had and I am so glad I decided join. Thank you so much to all the Le Wagon staff who made me feel so welcome in Montreal and made my time at the school such a positive experience. Don’t hesitate, take the plunge and start the coding career you always wanted today!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was just a college student who felt that college wasn't taking me anywhere or doing enough for me. That's when I started looking into coding Bootcamps. Even without a very particularly strong technical background, I took a leap... Read More of faith and applied to Le Wagon Bali, hoping it would open up opportunities for me. Believe me when I tell you I was not disappointed.Overall the experience was amazing; it exceeded my expectations and was even transformative for me. The entire staff was great. I didn't just gain new skills; I met and befriended many like-minded individuals and the 9 weeks went by too quickly. Working together with my team, we each got to apply all of our newly acquired skills by building an awesome final project that we were proud of. Now that I have completed the Bootcamp, I feel like I have developed a passion for coding that I can use to even further fuel my passions and progress as an individual. I am no longer the same person I was before this program and highly recommend Le Wagon Bali to anyone considering joining a Bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been part of the startup community for almost 5 years, working with companies in Paris, Berlin, and London. For over 4 years, I have been employed as a recruiter for ACELR8, a Recruitment-as-a-Service company specialised in scaling startups. There,... Read More I gained exposure to Software engineering, it being a big part of our mission to find the very best engineers for our clients.I have always found it interesting interviewing engineers, as they seem to have a very different approach to solving daily challenges.As my experience and interest in engineering developed, I decided to learn to program. The difficulty here was learning complex concepts from scratch, on one's own, as well as putting time aside to practice (very hard in the startup world!). Every week I would come back to my programming challenges to find that I had forgotten what I had done the previous week. I was stagnating and frustrated!Having a foot in the Parisian Tech system, I had already heard of this great coding bootcamp. The Le Wagon Alumni seemed to be thriving, following their 9-week coding experience, so I decided to give it a try. A typical day at Le Wagon would start with breakfast, followed by coffee with the teachers and classmates. We would continue with a 2-hours lesson covering specific concepts (these classes would follow a well-thought-out Web Development course, split into topics throughout the weeks). After the lesson, we would then be paired with a randomly assigned classmate to work on daily challenges. Our day would end with a ""live"" coding session, as a group, with teachers and classmates.The teachers play a key role in our learning process, as they break the complex concepts down into small digestible blocks. When you hit a wall, the teachers were there to offer tips and clarification on specific things you could not fully grasp. Not only were they patient and good teachers, but also friendly and inspiring people. Bali is a fabulous place to visit; being able to live there for almost 3 months was incredible. I would go to the beach before classes for a walk or surfing and visit other towns on the island on the weekend.Canggu is perhaps the most famous digital nomad spot, so you meet very interesting people - from all over the world - during your stay.   Le Wagon Bali was truly a life-changing experience! The 9-week Web Development Bootcamp has taught me a whole new set of skills and changed my perception of the digital world. It gave me an understanding of how apps are built and how to use the language and technologies to interact with computers. During the course, I was not only able to build and ship two Web Applications from scratch in an entrepreneurial manner, I also discovered a new country and culture, whilst making new friends from all over the world at the same time. Thank you Le wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"The part-time full stack development course time-boxed programming very effectively, and immediately immersed me in a very motivating world of problem-solving. Le Wagon has some very talented teachers who guided me every step of the way, and who really... Read More complemented the incredibly practical curriculum that it offered.My favourite part was probably the projects in teams, which introduced a whole new level to my learning. Doing version control on GitHub is not easy. Thankfully, Le Wagon understands that, hence having two projects in teams – one where you can learn from your mistakes, and the final one where you still make mistakes, but at least know how to solve them as a team.Le Wagon changed the way I view computer programming. It demystified many concepts I previously couldn't dare touching, such as building my own API. It created a lasting mindset that I am using to keep learning and building after the course.Lastly, something that I think they have undersold, is their community. The Le Wagon community is genuinely a community. Every time you get stuck, have an idea, or seek new opportunities, you can count on it, and that's priceless.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I had settled into a nice routine of teaching Pilates in the mornings, which gave me lots of free time. I decided I wanted to do something with it, learn something new. I’d started teaching myself to code back in University and I’ve always... Read More wanted to pursue it, but always felt I was missing so much, so I started looking into bootcamps.Le Wagon was the only one that offered on-campus part-time learning, which was perfect as I could keep working and it would also give me more time to digest the material. All the reviews were glowing, everyone seemed to love it and most found jobs in the industry soon after. I went along for an interview, met some of the team, took a look around and I was sold.Batch 317 was a really diverse group; it was great to see so many women on the course! Le Wagon also have a buddy system, meaning you work through the challenges with someone new every day. This really helped build a community, you made friends, encouraged you to talk through your solutions and also made you feel better if both had no clue what to do (very rarely, of course). The support from the staff was superb. The fact that the entire team had completed the bootcamp was reassuring that the process works. They were understanding, encouraged any questions and were really light-hearted in their approach, which took a lot of the stress off.My favourite thing about the bootcamp was building the final project. It was incredible to see everything come together, you realise how far you’ve come in such a short amount of time.My group’s final project was creating one place that you could browse over independent bike workshops and book appointments easily through the app. If you asked me before the bootcamp what sort of project I’d like to build by the end, I don’t think I would have come up with something half as complex as that. I’m blown away by how much I’ve learned at the bootcamp, I couldn’t recommend Le Wagon more!Read Less",le-wagon
"In my opinion the best choice for a coding bootcamp in Europe is Le Wagon, from which I graduated in London. As a person who always wanted to learn to code I searched for a bootcamp which will fulfil my expectations. I few friends recommended Le Wagon... Read More as the best choice. And after reading reviews on the internet I decided to attend Le Wagon. To be honest Le Wagon not only fulfilled my expectations but exceeded them. To sum up the philosophy of Le Wagon teaching method, the motto ""Students first"" would best fit. The whole two-months learning program is centred around students, which aims the teaching the to code from the practical side. I never thought that I would learn so much practical knowledge in only two months I learned at Le Wagon not only how to code from the practical side, but also how to work in teams, how to solve coding problems and what are the current industry practices. These  elements of knowledge were all combined in order to build by the students a real working mobile app in the later stages of the bootcamp. Other elements which made the bootcamp experience great were: 1) the teaching staff who were very competent and always eager to help; 2) the after classes activities like lectures and meetings with industry specialists and networking events. Also a great factor is the alumni network of Le Wagon, which as a community is very helpful in starting a career in tech. In conclusion, Le Wagon is in my opinion the best place for learning how to code. Read Less",le-wagon
"I am a textile designer. On a daily basis, I deal with shapes, colours and illustrations to create prints. Nothing to do at all with the tech world. When I decided to enroll in Le Wagon’s bootcamp, it was for a very simple reason: build and maintain my... Read More company’s website.The bootcamp was probably the most challenging thing I have ever done. But it was worth it. Thanks to the incredible team of Le Wagon and their amazing learning tools, I made it through ! In a warm and always supporting environnement, I discovered the digital world in a way that suits me and I learned new skills that I now can combined to my design background.Read Less",le-wagon
"In April 2020, I graduated from Le Wagon’s Web development bootcamp as batch #375, joining thousands of other graduates who have equipped themselves with the power to turn their transformative ideas into reality. I am excited and proud to be part of this... Read More amazingly supportive community. The coding skills taught by Le Wagon will get us far in their career aspirations, be it as a freelancer, full-time developer or an entrepreneur. What’s more valuable, in my opinion are the soft skills, as well as the inspiration and confidence that our instructors painstakingly help to create within us. As an aspiring entrepreneur hoping to found a start-up after I graduate, I was keen to develop the coding skills required to create a web app. I settled on Le Wagon after seeing its excellent reviews online. Starting from almost zero experience at the beginning of the bootcamp, I found myself improving quickly, gradually building up competence, but also confidence in coding. The course curriculum was divided into challenging but reasonably-sized pieces for us to chew on each day. I soon realised that is no shortcut to learning coding quickly other than good old practice, and Le Wagon makes sure that none of our efforts were wasted through intricately designed challenges that illustrated the essential concepts perfectly.Many of Le Wagon’s instructors and teaching assistants are former students who have gone through the bootcamp themselves. Having been through the same struggles as we did, our instructors were more able to empathise with our difficulties and break down complex concepts in an easily digestible way. Our instructors, Ben, Miguel and Prima have developed a great passion for coding and a curiosity for new technologies, and they have not hesitated to share their expertise with us. My experience during the bootcamp greatly exceeded my expectations and I would highly recommend it to those who are keen to develop a valuable skill or looking to start their entrepreneurship journey.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting Le Wagon’s software development bootcamp in London I was working in Fine Arts. I decided to start the course to drastically accelerate the pace I had started learning software development skills, which I think has become increasingly important... Read More in our (professional) lives. I chose their part-time program in London so I could continue to work while going through the 6 month course, and in retrospect it definitely feels like the best investment I’ve made in myself that I can remember!Le Wagon’s learning structure is a combination of home study by way of video lectures and every week 3 in-person sessions with other students and teachers. Since the pace of the course is high and consistent it takes some dedication, though it’s difficult to believe how much you managed to learn in 6 months, and how far you’ve come by the time you finish your final project!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was previously employed as a supermarket branch manager, having graduated from NUS Business School. I joined their Operations Executive Programme and was fortunate to have been given an opportunity to lead a store, despite being more junior in age compared... Read More to most of my colleagues. However, even though it was a comfortable yet challenging job, I felt I needed to future proof myself to keep myself up to date with the continuously changing world. I felt that coding was an essential skill I needed to pick up, so I looked around for quick ways that would enable me to transition into the tech world. Eventually, I decided on Le Wagon as it had the best reviews online (4.99/5 stars!) and read that while other Bootcamps started to become more commercialised, Le Wagon still provided students with an authentic learning experience. As such, I left my job in Nov 2019 to begin on this journey.Since it was my goal going into the Bootcamp to change my career, I spent some time during the Bootcamp applying for jobs and preparing for interviews. It was not easy as it was quite disruptive, but thankfully, I managed to get a job before the Bootcamp ended as an Application Developer, which I believe was due to the strong foundations that Le Wagon taught us. A few months ago, I was really doubtful, but I’m glad I took the leap of faith. I strongly recommend Le Wagon to those who are looking for a career change or just looking to pick up some programming skills. The teachers are amazing, the community is amazing and the resources are amazing. Even if you do not want to become a developer, programming can help automate so many parts of our lives. Of course, the journey will probably not be easy; it can be tough and painful at times, but I believe it’ll be worth it at the end.I especially liked the positive attitude of the Le Wagon team. On the first day, I remember Dirk, who is the founder of Le Wagon Singapore, saying, “Don’t try to compare yourself with others as you will only end up frustrated. At the end of the Bootcamp, compare yourself with yourself from Day 1 of the Bootcamp.” Coming from an education system where grades are always relative, it was refreshing to learn something with that kind of perspective.The first few weeks of the Bootcamp were challenging. They tried to get students up to speed on core programming concepts, data structures and algorithms. Every day for the first 6 weeks, we had a lecture from 9.00am to 10.30am, and the rest of the day would be mostly spent solving coding challenges. Teachers would be available to give help when needed. The best part about this however,was the learning resources. What you would normally spend hours Googling or watching Youtube Tutorials for can be found within minutes in their resources.A highlight during the early weeks was building a basic food delivery app in the terminal, where users can create orders and it will be assigned to different delivery riders. We spent about 2 – 3 days doing this and I believe most of us were all super proud that we could create something like that in less than 3 weeks of learning.Over the next few weeks, we spent more time on databases, front-end and finally, Ruby on Rails. Ruby on rails is basically a framework using the Ruby language that allows you to create web applications quickly and easily. I really enjoyed the framework as it is easy to use and very intuitive, especially for beginners. The next highlight was to create an Airbnb Clone using this framework as a group. Group work was definitely a bit more different than coding individually. In a group, different ideas arise from how we approach a particular problem, and issues such as how the design should look like are debated frequently. It was definitely a good experience on how to code as a team as it simulates the working environment in the real world. Agile methodologies were also practised, and we had to do a daily stand up every day to describe what we are working on and if we had any problems hindering our progress. Most tech companies tend to use it, and it was definitely a good experience for me before I started my job.The last highlight of the bootcamp was the final project. For me, I was paired with Amanda and Blake. Our final project was to build on Amanda’s idea: Cafe Collective, a platform where freelancers who don’t want to pay the high costs of co-working spaces or lose productivity by being at home, can book space from cafes to work. We spent about a day drafting the idea, and had 2 weeks to build everything from scratch. At the end, we managed to build even more than what we planned initially. It was tough, tiring, but nevertheless rewarding. I personally felt very empowered going through this, because you are basically able to launch almost any app as long as you have the idea for it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I took a part time course in Le Wagon in Tokyo from 2019. The part-time course require you to attend two weekday nights and Sat courses.As a full-time employee, this bootcamp was perfect for my schedule. The course covered web-development in Rails, Javascript,... Read More HTML, and CSS. IMHO, the course materials were the top notch. The lectures and exercises were thoughtfully created to teach you the fundamental of web development and designs.I have a professional software development experiences prior to courses, but I have never launched my professional web services. I think this can related to many engineers who are asked to solve very deep technical issues of one particular enterprise software, but have not had a chance to learn a full cycle of web development (i.e. wire frame to launching the production web application.)This course successfully fulfilled my needs because their course materials are well-balanced between technical skills and professional web designs. They didn't only teach me coding, but how to successfully design web for real end users. Just search Le Wagon Demo Day on YouTube, and see how professional their final projects are.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at the Bali batch of Le Wagon was incredible! I registered with the vague idea that this experience would equip me with a skillset that'd set me up for a high paying career. I completely the prep work and become MUCH more interested in how... Read More I could use these tools we'd been equipped with to solve various problems. And during the bootcamp it self I dealt with having my mind repeatedly blown and/or overwhelmed by everything there was to learn!It was one of the more difficult things I've done in my life, but also one of the more rewarding ones. I had a knack for programming and did fairly well right off the bat, but when it was a bit too much and I could tone down my ego enough to actually ask for help the teachers and TAs were there to guide me through what I was missing and turn it into a great learning experience.Guido, Sonia, Gianluca, Rayhan, Sisi, thank you all so much for the continued support (and patience!) you've had with all of us during, and after the bootcamp. I know that my learning journey as a programmer has just begun, but I feel more than ready to walk down that path thanks to everything I learned at Le Wagon Bali.Read Less",le-wagon
"So I came to the program to deepen my knowledge of e-commerce platforms and understand the technology behind them. It never harms to have a more technical background and be able to solve issues yourself, rather than be reliant on the mercy of support... Read More agents.Secondly, that layer of expertise is probably the most sought-after added skill in my field. Thus, the decision to take the Le Wagon course was quite straight forward. I picked Le Wagon over others quite simply because of the rating – consistently well reviewed over many sites. Now, almost a month after completing the course in Bali (which somehow feels like another chapter of my life, given what I learned in that period), I can only confirm that it was an extremely good decision. Although I've been to busy with my continuing projects to dive much deeper into the code – unlike other course members who are quite smoothly embarking on their first coding jobs – it seems that even 'the way I think' has taken a leap. As funny as it sounds but: I feel smarter. More logical in my decision making. More savvy with managing time and resources. More confident and daring in trying things.Coming to think of it, it's not surprising. After all, it was a bootcamp with day-in-day-out heavy workouts for the brain's logic and enterprise muscles. Facing new challenges, cramming the brain with new knowledge, overcoming pressure and fear in the crucible final project weeks out of which a real product emerges – alone this was worth the money. Talking about the actual content of the course: it's so universal, so broad and complete that whatever path in the code world you decide to follow, it's yours. It feels like the perfect entry. All this is enabled by the fast-paced yet extremely supportive teaching style, which is the best I ever received anywhere – better than school, university, other bootcamps, online courses, whatever. I have never received such good instruction in my life. I believe that at the end of the day the success of Le Wagon is down to it's unique teaching style, which is so focused on making you able to just sit down and build things. Finally, the resources granted to you after completion have the same value as the course in my opinion. Access to hours and hours of further training and guides. However, probably the most worthwhile is the Le Wagon network you then get to be part of. It's like another secret career universe opened it's doors.All in all, a very worthwhile and fantastic course.Read Less",le-wagon
"The Le Wagon Full Stack program is an excellent all-round bootcamp to build a solid foundation of Web Development skills. You'll be ready to build production level web apps after just 9 weeks.Good tech stack, effective program design, real-world applications.... Read MoreThere are some aspects that aren't covered in as much detail as I'd like, but that's to be expected from any 9 week bootcamp. Overall, it exceeded expectations.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to joining Le Wagon, I worked as an E-commerce Manager, among other roles, for a US manufacturer. Over the years I had taken the usual online, self-paced courses, which I felt provided a peripheral overview of web development, but I felt like I... Read More wanted to develop a deeper understanding and I wasn’t sure how to do that. I started reading about Le Wagon and was attracted to the program because it seemed to have more of an entrepreneurial focus than other bootcamps. Bali was also on my bucket list and cost-wise, I calculated that I could probably attend Le Wagon in Bali (including airfare, food, and lodging) for less than the cost of just the tuition of many programs in the US. Being in my mid-thirties, I figured now was as good a time as any to take a career break, so I sent my deposit and within a few weeks, I was on a plane to Bali. The program is challenging and moves at a fast pace. There were days when I felt smart and overly confident, then stupid and like I wasn’t cut out for it, all just before lunch. It’s also difficult not to compare yourself to other students in the class, even though the experience levels vary greatly - some were brand new to programming, while others had a few years of experience. But you quickly develop friendships with everyone else in the class, as well as the amazing teaching staff, and most days I looked forward to spending time with everyone, working on new challenges. Bali is also an amazing place to spend 2-3 months, with beautiful scenery, food, and a thriving digital nomad culture. It was incredibly easy to arrive, rent a scooter, and feel at home on the island. That I could so easily pick up, move across the world, and settle in has greatly impacted my perspective on the future work that I want to pursue.All in all, I found Le Wagon to be an exceptional experience, where I learned valuable skills and developed new friendships with people from all over the world. I would highly recommend the program to anyone looking to build a foundation as a developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you want to learn to code then there are a million resources for that but if you want to develop a lasting practice of code that you can build a career on then Le Wagon offers an incredible experience.I recently completed the full-time course in London... Read More in January 2020. It was fast-paced and highly challenging, even with the prep work, and despite this, the care from the teaching and support staff, the effectiveness of their digital learning platform and the camaraderie they develop through social and work activities provides a fantastic basis for learning. They keep you motivated, balanced and ensure you understand not just the what and how but also the why.I highly recommend Le Wagon, and should you choose to sign up, I assure you that you will get manifold back what you put into it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've recently finished my programming Bootcamp at Le Wagon Montreal batch #316. I am more than satisfied with the training I have received. I couldn't wish better. The atmosphere that reigns at the Wagon is warm and it feels like a big family. We are... Read More in good company, there is always someone to help us when needed. As a web designer and web strategist, I have always wanted to learn the mechanics behind web development. However, I always lacked the time and discipline to tackle this complex learning process on my own. Le Wagon has offered me the perfect opportunity to achieve this goal. I know that this new skill set will make me an even stronger designer, strategist, and team player. I leave confident with a strong foundation and many new friends. I recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to learn programming once and for all. Éric Férole,Designer and Full Stack DeveloperRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I worked as a finance manager in Berlin. Working in Finance, I missed the creative part of the job since I was working with numbers all day long. Thus coding seemed to be the perfect combination of logical thinking and creative... Read More ideation. I joined the Le Wagon Bali batch in January to find out whether coding would be something that I enjoy. Having just finished the bootcamp a month ago, I can definitely recommend it to anyone wanting to get into coding or start their own company. The amount of things that we learned and the way it was explained was perfect to get a great understanding not only of what you are doing, but also why you are doing it. I really liked the large amount of time that we actually spent coding instead of just listening to lectures. Even if you already have a better understanding of programming, they make sure that you’ll always have something challenging to do with loads of optional exercises. Next to the intense amount I learned during the bootcamp, I really enjoyed the community aspect as well. Everyone is really open to do things together after an intense day of coding and Le Wagon occasionally organizes trips to enjoy the island together. If you are seriously thinking about starting your own business, the pitch night presents a great chance to get some feedback from fellow coders and build your first prototype. Working in groups was definitely more challenging than expected, but being forced to regularly present your outcome was very motivating to give your best and find ways to work together in a team. All in all, I had the best time learning to code with Le Wagon and would 100% do it again in the future!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was on a year out having just finished university. I had a few months to go before starting a graduate role. I really wanted to use this time constructively and expand my knowledge base. Coding was a buzzword for me during that... Read More year – I kept hearing that it was the skill to learn.With zero coding experience under my belt, I was looking for a course that would start from scratch. A coding bootcamp appealed more to me personally rather than an online course. I wanted to be in a classroom setting, learning from teachers and working alongside other students – I wanted to fully immerse myself in that coding world. The 9 week program at Le Wagon not only ticked all of these boxes but it was also rated as the #1 bootcamp out there. I was definitely nervous beforehand but honestly, it was easily the best decision I made.9 hours a day, 5 days a week for 9 weeks – it sounds intense and truthfully it was. However, you find yourself getting completely lost in it all – the challenges of the day and the code – it’s awesome. The quality of the teaching was superb. The staff’s ability to break down complex concepts and explain them to us clearly and concisely, really helped me to grasp the content. Beyond that, they were all really approachable and seemed to genuinely care about us and how we were getting on. The setup of the course meant that each day we working in pairs and during the last few weeks, in project groups. This was really enjoyable and also helpful when tackling the day’s challenges. It was fascinating to learn from each other and see how others approached the same problems.The course at Le Wagon has drawn me into the fascinating world of coding , has seriously made me consider a career along this path and has connected me with a community of students and Le Wagon staff. Big thanks to Le Wagon London and Batch #360!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I had worked in retail and advertising, and chose to do a coding bootcamp in order to broaden my skillset and job opportunities. What I enjoyed most about Le Wagon was the culture they have created, you get to know all the teachers... Read More and other students on your batch really well – both through their buddy system for challenges and the numerous social activities organised. Seeing the product you build in the final two weeks get presented on demo day was so rewarding. It’s very intense and definitely hard work but one of the most enjoyable learning experiences I’ve had. 9 weeks flies by, I would recommend it to anyone considering moving into tech!Read Less",le-wagon
"Having previously spent my career in the finance industry, I decided it was time for a change and to pursue a long-standing interest of mine – coding. Though I was worried I would have to go back to university to gain a qualification, talking to friends... Read More in the industry it became apparent that there was no need for that, as coding bootcamps more than qualified you for a junior role. In researching which bootcamp to take, Le Wagon quickly stood out as the best quality and the one that matched my goals. At the end of the course, you are a qualified junior full stack developer.My weeks at Le Wagon were some of the best I can remember. The team and people have a genuine love of coding and of teaching their skills to a new batch of people – you feel it every day, in every interaction. The buddy system quickly means you get to know your classmates and also gain experience of helping others and reviewing other people’s code yourself.I found myself looking forward to each day when I woke up. The structure of a morning lecture on a new topic, then spending the day doing coding challenges on that topic to solidify the knowledge was genuinely enjoyable, as well as very effective. To think where we started that first day, and what we are now capable of just nine weeks later, is incredible. I will always be grateful to Le Wagon for what they have given me, I will be highly recommended them to anyone who asks.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon have managed to create an incredible programme that pushes you out of your comfort zone, all whilst providing a strong support base of teachers and alumni when you need them. I have never experienced a learning environment where you can see and... Read More feel your progression each day and dramatically each week. The community and teachers at Le Wagon are so welcoming and make you realise that you belong to something bigger than just a 9 week bootcamp. I feel very proud to be a Le Wagon alumni and couldn’t recommend this course more.Read Less",le-wagon
"I would describe Le Wagon as a unique, well-structured, challenging and life-changing experience that takes place in the perfect setting: a rooftop with a sea-view in the heart of Canggu, Bali. Before joining the bootcamp I was working in the research... Read More team of an accelerator in NYC, right after having graduated from university. During this time I was on an exploration mode, since I did not have a clear idea of what industry I wanted to work in specifically. However, I have always had the long-term ambition of going back to Peru and launching a project to help reduce the socio-economic disparities present in the country. I knew that to be able to achieve this personal goal successfully I would first have to build more skills through experience. While working on the accelerator I was able to learn about the different challenges and pathways entrepreneurs around the globe took to scale up. One of the main takeaways from this experience was understanding the importance of having tech skills to achieve success in today’s digitally-oriented world, especially when seeking to be a successful entrepreneur and being able to communicate and understand every aspect of a project. I realised that, being in my early twenties, I wanted to focus my next few years on developing new hard-skills which would be transferable from one industry to another while acquiring knowledge on different fields.After 5 years in NYC, I decided to leave and jump onto this 9-week adventure at Le Wagon, Bali. I chose the Bali campus due to the cultural offerings of this island and because I was looking for a place that would be a contrast with the big cities I had previously lived in (Lima,NYC and Paris). The setting of the bootcamp definitely enhanced the entire experience because every day was a new adventure that made you discover the richness of the local culture while learning how to code. In a typical day you could surf at 6:00 am with the sunrise, ride your scooter to class through beautiful rice fields while watching the Balinese Hindus putting forward offerings, intensely code from 9:00 am to 7:00 pm in the rooftop terrace of the FRII hotel with a very fresh breeze and a sea-view, and finally end your day in a very balanced way with a yoga class with your classmates.On the technical side, Le Wagon has a very structured program and a user-friendly platform that gives students and alumni a life-long access to a handful of resources including libraries, lectures and daily coding challenges. Since day one it was a very hands-on experience by having several day-long coding challenges which you had to push to your own repository. The “buddy system” during these coding challenges was one of the things that for me differed this program from just taking an online course. Every day you were assigned to a different “buddy” from the class to work together through the challenges, ask questions to each other if either one was stuck, brainstorming solutions together and gave you the chance to explain your code out-loud to someone else (which I found out to be a very effective strategy for debugging). Another resource of the program I found very useful was the “tickets system”. If you were still struggling to solve a problem after using all of the online resources and talking with your buddy you could raise a ticket and a teacher would come and walk you through the problem. This was a very effective way of learning because it would indirectly build within each student a methodology to solve coding problems.The first few weeks of the bootcamp were probably the most challenging because you had to adapt to the fast paced rhythm of the bootcamp while trying to understand and apply most of the new concepts that were being introduced to you each day. This could have been a little bit frustrating at the beginning, however, after applying these concepts daily you become familiarised with them, and after the first three weeks everything starts to come together. The unconditional support, friendliness and positive energy of all the teachers made this first stage and the whole journey very enjoyable. The most exciting part of the journey was building your own product during the last two weeks of the bootcamp together with three other people. This experience did not only enhance our team-working skills and gave us the chance to work with people with very diverse backgrounds, but pushed our technical skills to the next level by making us bring everything that we had learned in the past months together, and researching new concepts. Our final product was called “Rated Places” it is a B2B, community-based, deals and recommendations web application which was based on our own experience and needs while living in Canggu. It was very challenging to build a product while learning how to work in teams using the different platforms, like Github and Trello, under that time pressure, but at the end the feeling was very rewarding.At the end of the program, we did not only learn all these technical skills but we became a family and part of Le Wagon global network. We also discovered the infinite possibilities these new set of skills gave us, through the presentations of inspiring guest speakers who were former students from Le Wagon, and understood the ongoing digital boom in Bali. The opportunity to meet so many people coming from very diverse backgrounds and with different experiences was unique. I am very grateful for this experience and it is one that I will always hold close to my heart.Read Less",le-wagon
"Honestly, the whole experience has been great (the reviews weren't lying). Le Wagon did a really great job implementing a very familial feel to the whole experience, I've never felt a barrier between the teachers/staff and students. I remember on the... Read More first day, everyone, including myself, seemed so timid and wary but that feeling faded away quickly and what's left is a family bond.Read Less",le-wagon
"Each story is completely different from thousands of other stories. My story began with choosing a future path. I had to enter a master's degree in economics. I must say economics made me bored and mathematics put me in full stress. In my life I already... Read More tried a lot of things, I was a chemist, manager, worked in a logistics company and even opened a small business in Moscow ..All this was absolutely wrong, it did not make me happy, and all I was thinking about was finding myself.Exactly 1.5 years ago, I moved to London in order to learn English, and I did it! This gave me confidence and I decided to learn some more languages ​​- programming languages!I started two courses at once, which took absolutely all my time. One at the university and the second at the bootcamp le wagon.At the university, I met face to face with sexism, prejudice, understatement ...I thought to quit this venture since day after day I felt more and more self-doubt, and then Le Wagon appeared in my life!Everything has changed!A huge community that is confident in your strength, support, lack of sexism and inequality.I began to feel that finally, I found myself, made friends, and now I am part of a large and friendly family!What's next?I don’t know how my fate will turn out, whether I will find a job or start my startup, but it doesn’t matter ...why?Because I continue to learn and learn something new every day, not because I “must” because I love to do it!Because now I am part of the community!Because I found myself!Read Less",le-wagon
"Having worked in digital for a decade, coding knowledge was constantly a block I came up against; I simply did not understand it. Outsourcing digital tasks to developers was the norm but I found this incredibly frustrating with such a keen interest in... Read More the topic.I wanted to (finally!) learn to code, swivel my career to include dev skills as part of my remit or change it completely. After years trying numerous online courses I realised that in order to achieve this I needed to be forced into a classroom to learn in person.With a mortgage and full time job, a 9-week full-time bootcamp was not an option. Le Wagon - as far as I knew - was the only London bootcamp that had taken the significant steps to offer a part time course for professionals such as myself. Their first course had just started and I immediately enrolled on the second.The course itself surpassed all expectations. I’m not afraid of hard work but this pushed me to my limits…it’s certainly not for the faint-hearted and will command your life for 6 months (yes, including Saturdays!). However the end result is worth it many times over.The teachers and staff make this course what it is, their commitment to our batch and their no-nonsense approach ensured we all came through with a brand new, marketable skill set.Regarding the teaching itself, the thing that stood out most prominently was how commercial it was - the material was always up to date and we were taught how to **work** as a developer, not just how to code. In support of this, the buddying and ticketing systems honed the unique type of teamwork needed to work in a tech team and upon completion of the course, we had 3 projects ready and waiting to show prospective employers the day we graduated.Completing the course earned me a huge amount of kudos with my employer. I work in a tech team for a bank and the developers are unanimously impressed with the level of proficiency reached, the depth of knowledge gained and the way in which we were taught to code.Charlotte Waller, Le Wagon LondonRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a unique and refreshing learning experience anyone can benefit from. It is much more than a coding bootcamp. Nine weeks surrounded by creative, passionate people from all over the world. The platform, the program and the devotion of the teachers,... Read More make it impossible not to learn.Read Less",le-wagon
"Why coding and LeWagon?I dreamed of building products that go through the roof and actually bring value to lots of people in the world since I started to study business. Already during my bachelor and master, I was involved in several entrepreneurship... Read More courses and worked for 3 small startups next to my studies. Finishing my masters in 2017, I first went into consulting helping companies to become more innovative and work more like young, dynamic companies.Last year, after working 2 years in my job, however, I realized that with my business degree I lack most technical know-how to actually develop digital products of the future. I felt the desire to become an expert in building real, useful tools and programs instead of fancy slides. After some research into product management I decided that coding would be the best way to start into this journey of becoming more technically skilled.After looking into some online courses, I learned from some friends about LeWagon and immediately fell in love with the idea of an intense full-time bootcamp experience. I saw from my past, that learning something besides your actual job, is super hard and I never pushed through with online courses, so LeWagon seemed like the best place for me. The syllabus, focused a lot on the entrepreneurial aspect and product management techniques of coding, was the ideal fit for me. I am not a person highly interested in deep theory but more in practical application and LeWagon seemed to have a similar vision. Also the mix of learning with teachers and a intense practical project to apply knowledge sounded like the best approach for me. Lastly, the international network and chance to meet people from other background was very appealing to me. After some more research and a short call with the LeWagon team, I was all in. After convincing my boss to take two months off for the camp, I confirmed my spot and the adventure was fixed.The bootcamp experienceWhat can I say? The bootcamp was the most intense and best learning experience of my life. I never learned so many new things, and especially hard skills like in the 9 weeks that I felt to be useful for my life. The bootcamp was well structured and starting from the basics we learned week by week new topics that were, however, always connected to the previous weeks and helped us repeat older topics. With all stuff online in its own portal there was also the chance to repeat things and go through difficult lectures again.The teachers and assistants were superb. They made you feel comfortable and secure to learn, make mistakes and try out new things during the whole bootcamp. Always motivated and highly skilled in teaching, answering all our questions and constantly supporting in our team work. I honestly can’t image a better team than at LeWagon Barcelona. Also studying together with people from all around the world was highly motivating and interesting. Every day we worked with a different person, which also helped you to get to know other people and learn about different work styles. My project team in the last week was also super nice and motivated and I was lucky to work on my own project idea that we pitched in week 5. Due to corona we worked three weeks remote as a team, which was still a great experience with all the remote support of the LeWagon team. We definitely managed to code awesome apps with people sitting all around the world.Lastly, I loved the city of Barcelona. Was not my first time, but living there was even better than being a tourist. There is endless bars and restaurants, beaches, clubs, sport facilities and the area of Gracia where LeWagon is located is definitely the most beautiful in Barcelona.All in all, I can only recommend LeWagon Barcelona to anyone who is interested in diving into coding and learning full stack development hands on from scratch. I personally will follow my path to become a Product Manager, others will work as Freelancers or in company coding teams. Can you do it after 9 weeks? I believe we learned everything necessary to work as a dev and develop our own projects, so yes you can :slightly_smiling_face:If you have any doubt, hit me up or add me on LinkedIn.Good luck and if you do LeWagon soon, congrats to your decision!Read Less",le-wagon
I recently completed batch 328 at Le Wagon Rio de Janeiro.Before to enroll at le Wagon I was Business Analyst in the Human Resources Industry. My main objective was to gain sufficient tech skills to develop my own side projects and keep learning by myself.... Read MoreI started off barely knowing anything about coding and finished the course being able to implement full web apps on my own.Our teachers were great in sharing the concepts and approaches we need to have as a web developer.They were also patient and made the Bootcamp fun while we were learning.The bootcamp provides you with a solid foundation to keep learning about the areas you are interested in. The online content and Kitt (the online teaching platform) are great. The program and learning methodology have been tested and iterated over thousands of students! It is very well structured which keeps you challenged and engaged to keep on learning.The student atmosphere is amazing. Everyone is motivated towards achieving the same goals and it truly feels like a community. I would definitely recommend Le Wagon to anyone looking to improve their tech skills! It was the best experience learning I have.Read Less,le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I had never properly coded, except for a little bit of Visual Basic in high school. I wanted to learn coding, but without having to study it for a certain amount of years, not knowing whether I should become a developer or work in this... Read More area. This is why, the bootcamp that Le Wagon offers was perfect for me: 9 intensive weeks of classes and exercises to learn the basics in order to become a developer. It completely met my expectations, a room full of people eager to learn and motivated qualified teachers. The curriculum is well-structured starting with the basics and touching on a varied set of topics so that you get an idea of how developers work. The wide alumni students pool gives you the opportunity to connect with people and entrepreneurs in the same situation as you, which facilitates a job search after the bootcamp. Overall, it has been a very rewarding and stimulating experience and I would definitely recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
All the great teachers with a lot of knowledge to share and make you to think an see the things you learn with others perspective. All the batch is going to diferente subjects and then help you to make your first great proyect.Is the best experience learning... Read More i have.Read Less,le-wagon
"After five years of working in the translation industry (and with zero technical experience), I decided to switch careers and become a developer. I chose Le Wagon because the curriculum covers a wide range of topics, and in London they offer a part-time... Read More course, so I could keep working and learn to code in my spare time. The structure of the part-time course means you do most of the “formal” learning, such as watching lectures and doing flashcards, at home. So when you’re on campus you can focus on putting what you learnt to practice by completing challenges, with the benefit of being surrounded by your classmates and a great team of teachers and TAs. The buddy system, where you get paired with a different classmate every day to complete the challenges, is great. It gives you the opportunity to connect with all your classmates, and being able to work through a problem with someone else really helps the learning experience. I also enjoyed working with the different teachers and TAs. They all have such a wide range of experience and expertise, and are very approachable. I definitely learnt a lot from seeing the different ways they approached problems.Even though I have now completed the course, I still have access to plenty of support with finding my first developer job. I also have access to the huge community of Le Wagon alumni, who I can connect with for advice or help. I’m so pleased I decided to take the leap and start a new career, and would recommend Le Wagon to anyone else out there who is thinking of doing the same!Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently completed (part-time) batch 317 at Le Wagon London. It has been a fantastic experience. My main objective to enrol was gaining sufficient tech skills to develop my own side projects. After completing the bootcamp, I feel i have achieved such... Read More objective. Don’t get me wrong, you will not know everything about coding by the end of the program, but it does provide you with a solid foundation to keep learning about the areas you are interested in. These were my highlights:A very well structured curriculum which keeps you challenged and engaged to keep on learning: Great online content -you can tell its been tested and iterated over thousands of students!- and learning methodology -beware that coding gets quite addictive!Strong product focus -the program is all geared towards the end goal of building your own project Skilled and friendly teachers and staff who are always there to help -this for me is the key value of the bootcampGreat and diverse student atmosphere -everyone is motivated towards achieving the same goals and it truly feels like a community -I would have never said I would be so happy to wake up early for many Saturdays in a row and spend the whole day coding!Strong international alumni network I would definitely recommend Le Wagon to anyone looking to improve their tech skills!Read Less",le-wagon
"It has been 9 long weeks, but I am glad to say that I have finished the Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp with Le Wagon Singapore! The curriculum was tailored uniquely for us to not just gain new knowledge, but you also get to practice what you’ve learnt... Read More every day by completing challenges with your classmates.It made learning fun again and it was really engaging. In 9 weeks, I got the chance to learn from Ruby as part of backend development and HTML, CSS and JavaScript as part of frontend development. Our teachers, Miguel, Ben and Prima, were great in sharing the concepts and approaches we need to have as a web developer. They were also patient and made the Bootcamp fun while we were learning. In the final 3 weeks, I got to work with 2 awesome people, Tan Hua Swen and Maxime. We worked on 2 projects, one of which was creating an Airbnb clone. We had the chance to work as an Agile Team, and building our products from scratch. After finishing the Bootcamp, I feel that I now have the confidence and know-how to carry on enhancing my current projects. I would highly recommend anyone to take up a course in Web Development, especially with Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as a buyer in a company, when I decided to help my friend’s company with her social media, I decided to enrol in a course in marketing which led me to coding and made me fall in love with it. After studying from home for 8 months I decided... Read More to do a bootcamp which led me to Le wagon as it was the best rated. I honestly had the best 9 weeks. We had lectures each morning, worked with new people each day on new and interesting challenges and subjects. We then turned things up a notch and worked on real projects in a group preparing for our final project! Producing our project was an absolute joy and honestly one of the best moments of my career! So proud of my team and can’t wait to see where all of our careers go from here!Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm a industrial engineering student in my last year and wanted to do LeWagon due to the growing impact of digitalization on the engineering field. Overall it was a great experience and I was surprised how much knowledge I gained in just 9 weeks. I started... Read More off barely knowing anything about coding and finshed the course being able to implement full web apps on my own. This is mainly due to the intensity of the course, since you're working with code all day for 9 weeks, as well as due to the great help of the teachers of LeWagon. Whenever you're stuck with an excercise the teachers help you not only solving that particular problem but understanding the problem and everything that's connected to that problem. That way you advance very fast and become a software developer within a short period of time.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a filmmaker in Los Angeles for six years before attending Le Wagon’s full-stack development bootcamp. I reached a point in my film career that I had been working towards since before college graduation and saw what the future may hold for me if... Read More I continued down that path. I realized the entertainment industry was not for me and began researching other career paths.Once I decided on coding, I took the usual online self-learning approach for a few months before deciding to accelerate my education so I could jump into my next industry as soon as possible. I wanted a well-thought-out curriculum with excellent instructors and motivated peers and Le Wagon’s bootcamp provided that academic environment I was looking for.The program was structured extremely well with its exercises and challenges ramping up at an appropriate pace. I never felt too behind or too ahead. It is intense and you learn a lot very fast but it is manageable given you put in the work. There was no shortage of teachers and teaching assistants so I was always able to ask for help.The buddy system also provided great support as I quickly connected with my batch mates. The community Le Wagon manages to foster is the most impressive side-effect of the program. I joined for the educational aspect and hoped to gain some connections in the process but I was not expecting to leave with the close friendships I now have.Kitt, the learning portal all of the students and teachers used daily should also receive praise. It seamlessly integrates everything you would ever need during and after the bootcamp. From the daily challenges to the ticket system to reminding you to do your flashcards, Kitt kept us on track. It also provides up-to-date profiles for every student from our batch as well as alumni, allowing the community to stay connected after graduation — truly an impressive tool.All in all, Le Wagon delivered. The bootcamp is difficult and you must do the work but it pays off. You will leave with solid foundational knowledge of coding. The learning never stops of course, but I now feel confident and ready to take my next step.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at Le Wagon was more than classes, it was a bonding experience into my self (not myself). In just 9-weeks I gained a place where I belong, can help others and ask for help.The whole structure of the program makes it so you feel included... Read More and want to spread the inclusive culture Le Wagon wishes to impart into the coding world. I adored the way the professors, the coordinators and the whole system (buddy system and parties) encouraged interaction between all classmates and staff. More than a platform itself, the students were encouraged to reach out to the teachers and T.A.s, as well as to their buddies with issues to learn and improve.Notwithstanding, one that embarks this journey parts with a great learning platform that is constantly being updated and a new group you can call home.I graduate with joy to immerse myself in my next journey, but with a heavy heart to leave such a warm and challenging environment.I wish to discover more communities like these and I hope I have spread the word of those who want to co-create for a better world.Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently completed Le Wagon London's batch 361. I had a BA in English Literature and came in off the back of a string of jobs in various industries (recruitment, football analysis, copywriter/editor), still yet to find a line of work that inspired me... Read More enough for it to be a passion as well as just a job. I can't remember why I first seriously considered coding, other than wanting to apply myself academically again after stagnating in various jobs. I guess instinctively coding felt exciting and futuristic. I also liked the idea of working freelance, as well as the possibility to work in another country. After briefly looking at London bootcamps, Le Wagon just looked and felt by far the most exciting, and before I knew it I had an interview penned in.What sets Le Wagon apart as an institution, is that nearly all of the staff are themselves graduates of the school. This may seem like a subtle distinction, but I think it holds the key to what makes the course so special. What they have managed to achieve, is to create an environment in which the relationship between teachers and students is completely informal and democratic, something that differs to any other educational experience I've had. Yet despite the laid back attitude towards formality, there is an unspoken respect for the learning process from all. The staff without exception are knowledgeable, personable, passionate and professional, and they exceeded my expectations every day.Having come from an arts background, any reservations I had about not fitting in here were dispelled instantly. It's a complete melting pot of age, nationality, class, mindset etc. The buddy system (every day you are partnered with someone different to tackle challenges in a pair) is an ingenious idea, that results in your batch feeling more like an extended family by the end of the course, as everyone knows each other intimately. It also allows you to both explain concepts that you understand - in doing so consolidating your learning - yet also to have those things which you don’t quite get explained in relatable terms through the eyes of a fellow beginner.The real learning comes in the final few weeks, as you split into groups to build your own website. Suddenly there is nowhere to hide, and it’s truly a sink or swim situation that forces you to learn on the job. Above all it’s incredibly fun, and feels like a task from the Apprentice, with communication and micro-management being essential, as well as a lot of coding after hours. Presenting your baby on the final day, and equally seeing the fruits of your classmates’ labours makes for a truly special ending to the nine weeks. Seeing how far you have all come really is inspiring.Based on the impossibly favourable reviews online, I joined Le Wagon with very, very high expectations, and I can honestly say that they were all met.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to the bootcamp, I had a career in Retail Merchandising, which after a while I just felt wasn’t quite for me. I had always been interested in Development, but hadn’t been sure of a route into that industry before I discovered Le Wagon.I joined because... Read More I wanted to learn to code and begin a new career journey with the skills I would gain from the course. After a lot of research I chose Le Wagon specifically because of its reputation, fantastic reviews from alumni, and it’s product-oriented approach, which empowers you to bring your ideas to life.It was great to learn with a bunch of like-minded classmates, all from different backgrounds, and all ready to learn and have some fun along the way. I really enjoyed the buddy system, it’s good for getting to know the other students and working together through the challenges. If you need help they are there for you, and vice versa. If you get truly stuck, the TAs are the heroes waiting to help you through it, they work with you to get to the answer yourself, and can explain everything so well because they have all been in the same position as you in the past.The final project weeks were a big challenge, using all the skills we learned in the previous weeks to build a website from scratch, but so rewarding working in our group to build an app we all believed in and worked hard for!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was a Content Creator who was struggling to find jobs that would provide me residency in Europe. I took the Full Stack boot-camp to create a firm coding foundation and develop international relationships. I loved getting to... Read More know new people every day as I buddied up with people from all over the world and loved the feeling of being fully immersed in code both day and night. I could hardly believe that by the end of the boot-camp I was capable of making a fully-functional website that could be integrated with Fringe. Thank you Le Wagon for changing my life!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I started Le Wagon, I was working my first IT-job. As a junior developer I was programming mainframes in the ancient language of COBOL. As anyone - familiar with the field of mainframes - knows: this is not the most dynamic working environment.... Read More So I wanted to change something. My first experience with coding however had been positive and I wanted to increase my knowledge about topics more relevant to the modern age. Hence my interest in Web Development. I started searching for courses and this let me to Le Wagon. And, if I could do this bootcamp anywhere, why not do it on the beautiful island of Bali?Going in as a somewhat experienced programmer, I had the slight fear the course might be too easy for me. It is targeted at beginners after all. Fortunately, however, this was not the case! Even for the topics I was knowledgeable about (like Object Oriented Programming and Relational Databases) I have been unable to finish all the optional exercises that where given us that day. By the way, these exercises are the core source of Le Wagons effectiveness. These well-crafted challenges integrate the topics learned that day, and the days before, flawlessly. Bali’s teachers are amazing, being both competent as well as great people in general. Being in a group of 30 fellow students proved a perfect base for exploring Bali in the weekend. Best of all, after finishing the bootcamp the journey is not over. Le Wagon provides a lot of resources to continue one’s coding journey after returning home. Right now, for instance, I’m working on my own personal online portfolio, exhibiting all the things I’ve learned in Bali.All in all, Le Wagon Bali Batch #349 has been a life changing experience that I would recommend to anyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"Where to begin! Before I started the Le Wagon course I worked as a flight attendant travelling the world. I quit my job in late 2018 because I was feeling I needed a change, I didn’t know which path to take next but I had to do something different. I... Read More had no prior knowledge or experience with coding, although I did have an interest in learning the industry. In the year prior to this course, I had actually applied to study in Brisbane, although to my disappointment my visa didn’t allow me to study, so I thought I was stuck. After a few months I decided to start researching again and look into courses that were either online or in a different location. That’s where I came across a few different coding courses, all about 6-10 weeks, Le Wagon being in that mix. I didn’t know which to choose, I had no idea so I turned to the reviews which is why I’m writing this one now. Let me start by saying LeWagon completely exceeded any expectations I had going into this course and I could not recommend it enough to anyone expanding their current knowledge or looking for a career change. Before I signing up, I also looked at the course syllabus and to be honest, didn’t really know what it meant, I really had no prior knowledge going into this so I was going in a bit blinded. But after sending it to a couple friends I have in the industry, they assured me that it would be a good course if they delivered on what they had outlined. I chose the bootcamp in Bali, I’ve been to the island few times before I and loved it. Idea of living there for 2 months seemed great to me! The classroom is right in the center of the very popular town - Canggu, full of good restaurants, yoga schools and beach clubs.Right from the first day I felt extremely comfortable and welcomed, but let me tell you - the course is tough! It’s a lot of work and be ready to put the effort in because it is challenging. With that, I never felt overwhelmed or that they were moving too fast through topics. The teachers were without a doubt what made this whole course and experience worthwhile. There is no question in my mind that the teachers were anything but outstanding, as I mentioned before my expectations were completely exceeded and this was in large part down to them. I have to finish this review just with saying thank you. I honestly cannot recommenced this course enough to anyone considering it. After 9 weeks of hard work, a lot of fun, laughs, new friendships I am completely sure I made the right choice.Read Less",le-wagon
"After seeing all the positive reviews I was pretty skeptical coming into Le Wagon. Day one really set the scene however, there was a setup day and everyone got to know each other which eased a lot of the tension. The tutors were helpful with getting everyone... Read More ready, and after we had some beers, and got to know each other better. The bootcamp started with the fundamentals and really accelerated from there. Every day was just absorbing as much code as possible, by the end of the day you're totally exhausted but the rate at which you learn is incredible. As the course progressed I got a much better understanding of how to actually build a product and how it all comes together with respect to the front and back end. The industry talks were really useful to let us know about different path ways and what is important to focus on in terms of getting a job or getting a project off the ground. I had done a little bit of coding before the course, but was so out of depth on where to even begin to build anything. Now however I have the skills and confidence to know what I need to learn to build what I want. The teaching works great as its got a limited focus on lectures and a heavy focus on practical learning and group learning. Each cohort is handpicked so you end up working alongside really awesome diverse people. All and all it was definitely a transformative experience. I'd do it again without hesitation only next time I'd do my flashcards more.Read Less",le-wagon
"Attending the LeWagon coding bootcamp in Buenos Aires was definitely a great decision. Whether you want to just deepen your tech knowledge, become a product manager or a developer, LeWagon has a very holistic curriculum that will allow you to personalise... Read More your experience and outcome. Without having any previous coding experience, at the end of the bootcamp, I was able to build a product with my team from scratch which was very rewarding. The LeWagon Buenos Aires team was always very caring, patient and helpful, willing to stay longer whenever necessary to make sure every student is satisfied with the learning outcome of the day and feels comfortable with the material. I had an amazing intense 9 weeks together with a group of ambitious, very intelligent and inspiring people. I would highly recommend this program!Read Less",le-wagon
"Although my friends always warned me I was the group's nerd, I started to realized that technology was my field one year ago when I begun to work closely with web projects, coordinating marketing strategies and helping to launch them with digital campaigns.... Read More As a journalist, specialized in digital marketing, I had worked for 10 years with a lot of content platforms and metrics, what made me interested about all innovations in the digital world. However, I couldn't understand what the developers were talking about when details of applications needed to be solved and if theirs deadline were fair enough or not. That said, I was also very upset with the environment of the company I was working, so I decided to turn my life around and quite it. A friend of mine told me about Le Wagon coding bootcamp. I checked it out on Google and some raking websites, also about job opportunities for developers and the decision was made. As I had time, waiting for the next bootcamp start, I joined all free workshops and meetings at Le Wagon in Rio. Then, in a blink, it was my first day of class and I faced a lot of configurations and commands on terminal, that looked like Matrix for me! Despite my desperate of changing my system to Linux I was loving everything. All the teachers and TAs were very kind and well prepared. My followed days were basically understanding very well all the lectures and feeling very dump during the exercises, but at the end of day, I was proud of my self. I was little by little, day by day, going to more complex concepts and exercises. Best part of it was building the first project, when you finally realized that you know a lot and you can make some very cool web applications with your knowledge. This is so powerful! Not only to work in one of the best careers nowadays but to build your own ideas, your projects! If Le Wagon teaches everything you need to know to be a developer? I would say Le Wagon prepared me with all the tools I need to be a developer. No bootcamp can teach everything, every language that the market will ask for etc. But as important as Ruby, it was learning the basics concepts to be able to learn new languages later or improving my skills. There is so much to learn and for that, I also have to mention all the students of Le Wagon community. This is a very important benefit, specially during quarantine days! We are sharing references, doubts and motivating each other. Using Le Wagon fantastic platform, slack channels and webinars, I feel very engaged with this big code community. At last, I can say I am very exciting to work in web development and with digital products. I really think we are facing a new way of work and a lot of companies were forced themselves to the digital transformation. That is very promising for new job opportunities, new projects, new behaviors and who knows a better society? My aspiration is to contribute to this goal with a group of passionate people. My final remark will be: I'm loving UBUNTU. Thanks, Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience as whole was awesome. Learning to code was a hard decision for me since I was looking for a change in my previous career as a frustrated Journalist. It was one the most important points of my life and I happy I found Le Wagon to assist me... Read More from the beginning. The bootcamp manager, teachers and basically everybody there was super into giving us the tools and hints to find what better suited and could be the best for our lives (during and after the course). I studied a lot and it wasn't easy, but surely enough was worth it. Now I can sincerely recommend Le Wagon's bootcamp to other people who need coding, start-up and inter-personal relations as a next step in their life. Other than that, I already landed a (simple) job in coding, but despite being a small step I feel more confident and happy now.Read Less",le-wagon
"My choice to join Le Wagon’s 9-week intensive bootcamp in January of 2020 rose when I finally gained the courage to take a leap of faith in a major career change. I am originally from Southern California and temporarily moved to London for the period... Read More of the course. Prior to starting my journey with Le Wagon, I was working in the mental health field as a children’s therapist, thus having no prior technological experience. I have always had a curiosity for technology and could not find a viable route into the tech field until I came across coding bootcamps. After extensive research of multiple bootcamps within the states and internationally, I was entirely convinced with Le Wagon’s course. I was able to speak directly to alumni I found on LinkedIn and Alexandre (General Manager) who was incredibly supportive and informative throughout literally the entire process, from applying, any frequently asked questions to finances. I enrolled in the course as a full-time student and if I could describe the entire 9-weeks in one word it would be: INTENSE. From the first day onto the last day, it was non-stop coding and learning. The entire experience was very difficult, but very rewarding. I have never been pushed in the manner as I was pushed to learn and comprehend new material as I did throughout my period at Le Wagon. Regardless of how intense the program was, I am beyond grateful for my decision to take on this challenge. It has been life changing and completely possible with the immense support given by the Le Wagon staff. One of the things I appreciated the most, which I also found quite unique about this program, was the fact that all staff were students who previously graduated from the course. This enabled a more genuine connection because they understood the struggles we as students went through from their own personal experience. Le Wagon not only offered a great learning experience, they offered a fun, networking environment. From meeting guest speakers that work in the tech field to social bonding with drinks, it was all so unique and more than just a “course”. One of the most challenging things I encountered was having to work on projects as a group which consisted of the last three weeks of the bootcamp. Having to work with completely different individuals truly prepares you for the reality of a work environment, learning to not only code but to work and communicate as a team. Unfortunately, due to the unforeseeable circumstances of the coronavirus pandemic, our batches 360 and 361 were unable to have a proper graduation and present our projects to the public, we also missed out on our additional 10th week which was considered “Career Week”. Nevertheless, I highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone seeking to change their career with or without coding experience, it was definitely worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a bit worried before starting Le Wagon that maybe coding wouldn’t be for me, or that I would find the workload too intense. However, almost immediately, I found myself engrossed in the daily lectures and exercises, so much so that it often felt... Read More like there weren’t enough hours in the day. I thought the buddy system was a great way to practice your skills as your tried work out with your partner how to solve a problem - and of course, this is direct practice working on a team one day after the course.By the end, I was super proud of what I had achieved, and of the skills I had learned - I don’t know if I can speak for others, but the course left me with enough skill to teach myself an entire framework on the side of all the coursework - the JavaScript framework for virtual reality on the web, A-Frame. And using my newly developed coding skills and this new framework, I worked with a group of 2 others to build our final project - a virtual reality museum that we named Muse VR, which you can check out here: https://www.musevr.artIn addition to coding, we learned a variety of other skills, including public speaking and idea pitching. The project I described above - Muse VR - was actually a project that I was encouraged to pitch by my peers and the lecturers - and I couldn’t be happier that I decided to pitch it. There is so much to learn in coding, so many languages and frameworks, that it feels like the course isn’t enough, but what you manage to learn in the 9-weeks at Le Wagon is much more important than just a few languages, rather, you learn how to think like a programmer. The most vital skill as a programmer in my current position? Knowing how to use Google! (and Stack Overflow!) And Le Wagon does a good job at giving you practice with how to find the answers for yourself by either scouring the internet, or working it out with your peers. Of course, they also provide a really skilled team of teaching assistants - some of whom even recently graduated themselves from Le Wagon - who can help when you have searched the internet that little bit too long, just before you start pulling your hair out from not being able to find the answer yourself.I literally could not be happier that I chose to do Le Wagon. For me personally, I feel like I have discovered the thing that I’ve always wanted to do. And I’m excited to see where that takes me!Read Less",le-wagon
"After working a few years in human resourcing sectors, i figured out that's an old job and it makes me feel also old, so I decided to change this by Choosing le Wagon Lausanne. It was the best thing to do. In only 9 weeks I've learned to code, for me,... Read More that's amazing while I've had zero knowledge before. I can't say that it was easy, but if you are motivated enough, you can do it. For my luck, in the last week of boot camp I've had an interview with a company for a project manager job, and the very next day they called to announce me that I'll start a week later. Le Wagon is definitely the best thing that happened to me in the last 10 years!I really recommend this experience to everyone who wants to learn to code and I can't wait the Data Scientist courses in Lausanne!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was an Engineer with no real coding experience. I decided to join Le Wagon so I could gain more technical knowledge, and have opportunities to apply to jobs as a developer. My experience with Le Wagon was great, the staff in Mexico City... Read More was amazing and definitely made my experience even better! Would definitely recommend Le Wagon to anyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting Le Wagon I was studying engineering and I discovered my love for coding in a class on C. A friend of mine told me about Le Wagon and I went to some workshops and talked about it with Rio's manager. The ideia of doing a bootcamp, only two... Read More months, and learn a lot about programming seemed invaluable. So, in January 2020, I was starting the bootcamp with great expectations.I can not say I was fully prepared though. The bootcamp is hard, like really hard. You might go through the challenges in a good pace but when the optionals are reached, then it's a puzzle where nothing seems to fit. It's in these moments where Le Wagon's methodology shines trough the most. First I ask my buddy, if we find no answer we call a teacher or teaching assistant. It might be hard to believe but a lot of times you will end up asking your buddy and you two come up with an answer, guiding each other through the day. In the case you really need insight the best teachers you could hope for are there to help you with your problem. Having good guidance speeds the learning process tenfold and I was able to do much more than when I was learning on my own before the bootcamp.I'm not even getting into the organization of the resources, wich is top-notch, or the workshops, talks, tests, livecode, lectures. Everything is set up to make sure you are getting the most you can out of the bootcamp, and more importantly, teach you how to learn and code by yourself. When you finish it you are already able to learn and find resources on your own, wich for me was the most important lesson, how to search for answers.My experience was not only coding though, and there was a lot of fun moments with all the great people involved in the same goal as me. There was so many unforgettable I can't even count. All I can say is I'm really grateful for being able to have spent all this time with the incredible Le Wagon Rio's team and all of the other alumni. And if you are thinking about doing the bootcamp I can frankly say it was the best decision I made in my whole life.Read Less",le-wagon
"- what you did before Le Wagon I was/still am studying Sistemas de Informação at Unirio.- why you wanted to do Le Wagon I wanted to join because web development have been a area of interest for a few years. Also, I had the luck to have someone more experienced... Read More (Andre) tell me that a early insertion on the marked was a really good idea.- what did you think of the experience It was one the the best couple of months of my life, not only because I was learning what I needed, without bullshit, bus also the community is so nice that made me fall in love with everything about it.- what are your dreams and aspirations for after What I hope for the short/medium time range is to get some freelance going in order to get more experience and maybe, if I have the time, get a job developing for a company. For the long time range, I hope to maybe coordinate my own developing team on a company.Read Less",le-wagon
"9 hard-working-fast-paced weeks. I need to say that at first I was not completely sure how the bootcamp would help me since I had been working with IT support for the previous 3 years. But It couldn't be more proud of my decision of leaving my job and... Read More starting the course. After this 9 weeks I really feel that I can finally contribute to companies or even create projects by my own and most important, I trully feel worthy after several years.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience in the bootcamp was excellent. Those were two intense months, filled with challenges, joy but also frustration, laughter and a lot of unforgettable moments shared with my peers. The atmosphere that's generated is amazing, you find yourself... Read More in a room full of ambitious people pushing really hard to learn and be better, and that ends up being contagious and brings out the best in you. All the content and how it's organized it's just great, personally I love the independence that you have on a typical day, the ""buddy system"" is great because every couple can handle their own schedule and you get to work and cooperate with amazing people everyday.Also the bootcamp is hard. You need to be committed and up for the challenge. But also I have to say: don't be cowards. If you know this is the thing you want to do, just go for it, don't back up just because of the intensity. The reward is HUGE so it's worth all the hard work.I developed a lot of technical skills: how the web works, how to write real/useful code, how to collaborate in a team, back-end, front-end, user experience, user interface, and a bit of marketing. BUT most importantly, I developed a lot of skills apart from the technical side and that's what I value the most: being curious, asking the right questions, trouble-shooting and solving real-life problems, being resilient, learning from your mistakes and your successes, thinking like an entrepreneur.I couldn't imagine ourselves developing those projects, even during the bootcamp we had our doubts like ""that's what we are going to be able to do?!?!?"" and the teachers would say ""yes, just trust the process"" and they were right. It's crazy to think how much things have changed in only two months.THANKS to all the Le Wagon Buenos Aires team, driver, teachers, TAs and the whole community, it was awesome!!! If you are thinking about doing the bootcamp in Buenos Aires I'd say stop thinking and just do it, the teachers are too good to be true.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Tokyo was such an amazing 9-week experience. I went from having zero programming experience to being able to build fully functional web apps which caught the eye of recruiters and prospective companies.From providing a thorough lectures to making... Read More sure that knowledgeable teaching assistants were on hand to provide support when stuck on challenges, every day at Le Wagon was a learning experience.If you are looking for a course that will spoonfeed you and hold your hand then this is not the course for you. Le Wagon Tokyo gives just enough support to grasp the content before giving ample time to put what you have learnt into practice, make mistakes then support you understand why you made the mistake which results in a real depth of understanding of critical concepts.I cannot rate the Le Wagon Tokyo staff highly enough, they are knowledgeable, friendly, supportive and make you feel like you are part of the Le Wagon community.After graduation you maintain access to all study materials and are part of a huge alumni network which can help with projects you are working on, make recommendations and even help with introductions to business which are hiring.For anyone unsure of which bootcamp to pick, I would highly doubt you would find a better offering than that offered by Le Wagon and especially the Le Wagon Tokyo course.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting bootcamp, I had no experience in programming but I was interested in working at tech companies, thats why I wanted to try coding bootcamp. There a lot of coding school out there, but Le Wagon caught my eyes because their curriculum is... Read More focus on projects. ( you can check students' pitch on Youtube) Even though I decided to join Le Wagon, I was still skeptical how much I can learn at 9weeks and if it' worth investment or not, but as an alumni, I can recommend Le Wagon to everyone who wants to learn web development. Coding for whole day for 9weeks from zero knowledge is not easy. There were time I was frustrated and felt I was not good enough for coding. I even dreamed about getting error after errors, but I also enjoyed every single day at Le Wagon. I always had teachers who took time for me to help understanding and other students who motivate me. It was so satisfying to see we can solve errors that we couldn't few days ago. It is intense but you learn SO MUCH everyday.I want to give 5starts to Le Wagon not only for all the experience and skills that I gained, but also for connections and friendship that I made through Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"At the time I came across Le Wagon, I had just recently graduated from secondary school and was looking for a productive way to start my gap year. I had heard of intensive, fast-paced coding bootcamps for people looking to get into the world of tech and... Read More it turned out that Le Wagon was the best out of all of them. Coding can definitely be intimidating to learn, especially when you have to fully implement a project idea that you don’t even have yet, but at no point was that fact enough to counteract the good teaching, sense of community, and motivation that was present there. Everything about the design and structure of the course feels very bespoke, as if the creators have very good models of the user experience. The buddy system works extremely well, as well as Kitt, the flashcards, the TAs, and drinks on Friday evenings, all of them really bringing the whole bootcamp together. And this is to say nothing of the people. The probability that 40 individuals, that I couldn’t have hand-picked better myself, all happened to convene in the right place at the right time for this bootcamp is so low, that I am unable to believe that it happened purely by accident. It must say something special about the staff and organizers and the founders of Le Wagon who all individually contribute to the atmosphere and environment that 40 incredible people decided to participate in. For the same reason, I’m also forced to believe that this is the case for all batches that went before me. And that is completely beside the point of coding - why you’re actually there. Working with three other fellow batchmates to put together our idea “Subscripto” (go to “subscripto.org” right now) made me realize that “teamwork” isn’t just one of those buzz-words that pretentious people like to write on their applications to increase their chances. Working alongside intelligent, hard-working people was motivating, meaningful, and not least of all, fun. I really hope I see all of the people again.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started Le Wagon with no dev background at all. Originally from the music business industry, I have professional experiences in communications and events but started to get a bit frustrated by the lack of opportunities in this area. I decided to unleash... Read More my inner geek mind and started Le Wagon in January 2020. This was a big investment for my career and I do not regret it at all!!The teachers were all very supportive and talented with different teaching methods and coding practices which enabled us to have a large spectrum of the dev world.The course is very well-structured and gives you solid skills in web programming in only two months. If someone would have told me what I would acquire so much in such a short period of time, I wouldn't have believed them.The final project gives you a real opportunity to put into practice the skills you've learnt and is also a great way to showcase your work for future employers.Last but not least, the atmosphere was incredible! I had very friendly and supportive teammates with whom I struggled, learnt, laughed, had coffee with. It got me motivated every single day and made the experience truly unforgettable.Read Less",le-wagon
"After working as sales operations manager at a food delivery company in Singapore and at the end of a year off travelling around the world I decided to attend Le Wagon in Tokyo to learn new skills with the idea in mind to find a job in Japan as web developer... Read More or as product manager. The pace was pretty intense but I got all the support needed from teachers and teaching assistants. The variety of subjects was pretty broad but the way the bootcamp is designed enables you to go in depth in each one of them. During the 6 first weeks, there was an hour and a half lecture at 9am, then we had to work on challenges with a different buddy everyday and finally at 5:30pm an hour and a half of live code where we either had to volunteer or someone got randomly picked, it was great fun. When going home we had to do the flashcards, could keep working on the daily exercises and could prepare the next day's lecture by watching a video.Learning materials and resources are incredibly rich, I can not imagine how many hours the founders spent on it.At the beginning of the 5th week, each student had to pitch one idea and everyone had to vote and rank their favorite ones. Based on the vote, each student was assigned to a team of four working on the higher ranked projects. This team would be the same for the last three weeks.During the 7th week, we still had class in the morning but during the rest of the day we were working as a team on a copy cat of Airbnb. It's rewarding to finally use the skills you developed and see a proper result.You pitch one or more user journey at the end of that week.The last two weeks are the project's ones. Even if they are the toughest ones, they are the coolest because you develop a nice product as a team. Working as a team may have been the most difficult part as most of us were not perfectly comfortable with coding yet. I stopped counting the times we were merging the branch of someone to the master of our app and it was breaking everything, but the fun is also to find the origin of the issue and fix it. Each team presented their product on the last day (demo day) in front of a big audience. Some networking followed and we all went to celebrate.During the following week (career week), teachers helped us with our CV, Linkedin, Portfolio and told us how to land a job particularly in Japan, pretty useful.We can always reach out later on if needed.To sum up, in my previous job, I had to hire developers on different projects and always thought about what if I knew how to do it myself. Now that the bootcamp is over, I still need to learn a lot and keep coding to reach the level of the people I worked with (I could now do on my own some of the small scale projects I requested) but I learned the most important thing, which is the methodology and I also now have access to the alumni network if I am stuck with something.Le Wagon and especially the one of Tokyo in my case is a great experience to start but also to improve your coding skills. I met people from all kinds of backgrounds and nationalities I attended many interesting workshops recommended by our teachers and most of the people in our batch were hanging out together a lot and will keep seeing each other afterwards. I struggled a lot like most of the students but it was super rewarding to hold on. Everyone was on the same boat so people helped each other a lot.I strongly recommend anyone to attend Le Wagon if they want to change career or learn new skills.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon Tokyo because I need to learn from zero about building web apps. I am a software engineer before joining the course, I worked at an IT Company, but I don't feel like I can really call myself one because I'm feeling like impostor about... Read More it. I am a B.Sc in Computer Science, and I learn several things about programming before, but I never really put everything down to the test, and made something other than assignments and thesis. And with the rapid changes of technology nowadays, having everyone is connected to the internet through their own smartphone, it's interesting to get into the trend.With my company closing and several other things, I made the choice to join Le Wagon and learned everything again, and I am so glad about it, because now I really know how to make something and I found myself inside a community where I can ask for some help and contribute for the others too.I was really skeptical because there was a lot of good reviews about Le Wagon, but I was wrong. Everything was really good and I really had fun re-learning everything again.I graduated on March 2020, batch #363. It was a fun 9 weeks, everything was rather tough, but I see that everyone in my batch can now just code without really thinking much about what-and-where-to-start with.Even after 9 weeks, they gave an extra one week to help us getting started on job searching and some other things. It is hard to find a job in Tokyo, but this one extra week really helps me to understand that it wasn't as hard as I experienced before. There is jobs for foreigners too here, and I was too fixated on looking for traditional companies years ago.I loved my experience here, and I can proudly say that joining Le Wagon is one of the best choice I ever made in my life. It gave me a refresh of everything, a new community, a new perspective, and much other things.Read Less",le-wagon
"From the first day to the last I enjoyed every minute. Intensive and challenging, yet simple. Simple because Le Wagon guides you through the process of learning how to code. The lectures were engaging and the teachers were experienced. They new their... Read More stuff. Every TA (Teacher Assistant) was 100% dedicated to seeing you through the challenges. I had so much fun, not only coding.. but getting to know my fellow wagoners which were so talented. After your morning 1:30-2hr lectures you start your day long challenges. Testing your wits, Testing yourself, you actually get to know what your strengths and weaknesses are. At the end of the day (7:30pm) you feel like barely 3 hours have passed.. its an amazing feeling. Recommend Le Wagon 100%.Read Less",le-wagon
"Without knowing anything about coding i end up having a lot of knowledge and how to apply it to real projects, excellent teachers, aways available to help you and push you to learn, even after the bootcamp they are helping you with everything related... Read More to continue in this coding path, an amazing experience totally recommendable to any that want to learn how to do web applications.Read Less",le-wagon
"Let be honest, this program is hard, freaking fast but rewarding nevertheless. I spent like 6 months self-studying various free courses about web dev on Youtube and Udemy before coming to LeWagon, and still there's moment I found difficult to catch-up... Read More with all the course contents. So if ppl said 9 weeks from it equal to 1 or 2 years knowledge from uni course its actually true imho. Before LeWagon I got a coding test from applying dev jobs, which was very confusing to me at that time. After 9 weeks, I open the same test again and now it made perfect sense. Thats an indication for the fact that bootcamp do worth it.Apart from my bad luck graduating right before Covid19 lockdown in Aus, I have no complaints about the bootcamp, here you meet terrific people that truly want to help you achieve your goal, terrific study spot (where we have free snacks, coffee, tea everyday and free drinking party every friday, kudo to the booze), terrific professional network and also cool classmates from all around the world.My advice would be to spend some time study yourself coding, then join the bootcamp to solidify your previous knowledge, so you can take out more from the bootcamp and feel less clueless. You can checkout my product www.vestigium.world to see what we made after 9weeks from scratch, Im proud of it and someday you would be proud of your own product too after joining LeWagon family. 😁👍Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon in 2020. It was a tough 9 weeks. I started very confidently but there was a point where I thought it wasn’t sinking in and I wanted to give up. However, the amazing staff at Le Wagon kept me going. Ben gave us reboot sessions, Cecilia... Read More took out time to explain her way of learning which really benefited me, and Celine listened to me regarding my worries and guided me to the appropriate support. Thank you so much to the whole team at Le Wagon! The structure of the course at Le Wagon is incredible! I enjoyed the morning lectures and then being left to work on tasks throughout the day. There is an amazing buddy system which allows you to work with a different person every day, you choose how you want to work, you can pair programme or just sit next to each other and work on your own tasks. This was a great way of learning to work with others whilst having fun getting to know other people. I made a lot of friends there and I am more confident in working with a tech team. The last 3 weeks are entirely product-focused. We build our own version of an Airbnb clone and then worked on our final projects. When working in the tech sector you often hear that 'coding is not the problem, working with people is', and I learnt this to be the truth. Initially, I found it incredibly difficult to work as part of a selected team but with the guidance and support of teachers at Le Wagon, I learnt that communication is the key, which eventually made the teamwork seamless and incredibly effective. We came together as a team and built an amazing product. I am excited about what the future holds and very happy about becoming a part of the Le Wagon family.Read Less",le-wagon
The most amazing bootcamp. Is really hard a lot of hours but also a lot of support from the teachers.You start in the morning with a 90 minutes class and the rest of the day a lot of exercises and then you really get it. At the end of the day livecode... Read More and sometimes you have reunions with start ups founders or CTO of mayor companies. At the en of the course you and your team make an amazing app with all you learned in the course.Read Less,le-wagon
"Le Wagon makes learning to code accessible to all who are inherently driven to learn. The pace is high, so be prepared to surprise yourself about what you can build in a couple of weeks. The teachers and staff of Le Wagon are great persons from A to Z,... Read More eager to help and humble to explain again, and again. For me, Le Wagon is not only the future of tech, but the future of education. Highly recommended for people who want to be part of tech, irrelevant of your previous background.Read Less",le-wagon
"What I did before: I was a student in Business Management, during my University courses I learned a lot but I was not that stimulated. I always had a big interest in technology and I had never immersed myself in the thousands of resources we have on the... Read More internet. So I decided to start with Free Code Camp to learn the fundamentals. Step by step the need to learn programming and development web seriously becomes a reality for me. So I decided to apply the next Le Wagon batch, batch 367!Why I did it?Passionate about entrepreneurship, I spent a lot of time thinking about what I could invent, produce, bring to this world. Learning web development made me understand we all have the possibility to express our creativity with code, creating fantastic things! Using Free Code Camp and Code Academy I discovered something new every day, but I felt something was missing. I had to go deeper into programming and web development. My project was to learn how to develop an application that was solid and attractive. The continuation of this project was done at Le wagon where I met people who, like me, needed to learn web development. How did it go?  This bootcamp was an incredible experience : every day we learned a new concept. At Le Wagon, new concepts mean new challenges. You must remember, I had started in this experience as a ""debutant"" beginner: you have no idea of the number of times I have been stuck in front of my computer. But no stress, these 9 intense weeks allowed me to overcome this difficulty, by adopting every day a new approach to a different type of problem. Day after day my knowledge became stronger and gave me the skills to be ready for every challenge.Remember when you are stuck in front of your computer, the important is to communicate. During the bootcamp , I have met new friends and colleagues and together we have worked in teams. Exchanging with them every day has created an invaluable experience. Often, they had different approaches to the same problem, which made me learn a lot. Realize that you are not alone in being frustrated in front of your screen. Together you are stronger! Sometimes you can't find the solution so you just open a ticket or shout for help! And a fantastic T.A. (teacher assistant) comes to your aid! What they bring you is something unique: you are stuck but with their knowledge, without giving you the answer, they give you a different perspective, a different way to approach your problem. When you finally get the answer to a problem the feeling is awesome! When the first seven first weeks had passed, you're ready for Project weeks! The two most rewarding, intense and exciting weeks ! Project weeks, two weeks to build an app, what an amazing challenge right? My team has chosen to build an app that selects touristic activities to do for any chosen destination, according to your interests. An amazing experience, from scratch, we have learned and worked in collaboration. We were three, together we did our best to create the best UI / UX. You know what?We were so proud, in two weeks, to successfully transform our ideas into an MVP. The feeling that this success brings you is extraordinary. I never thought I would be able to do so much and yet I can do it!This experience has changed my life. To meet le Wagon's community brought me the skills to make my place in the tech world. Everything you have learned gives you the fundamentals to discover, learn and use new resources. You learn how to learnRead Less",le-wagon
"I completed Le Wagon course in March 2020. Before the bootcamp I always wanted to learn to code I tried but it was nothing serious. I joined le Wagon to learn new technical skills and seeing their community on social medias got me curious.  So these are... Read More the things that makes Le Wagon unique: - Web developer in just 9 weeks:It's hard to believe that but you'll be amazed about the things you'll learn not just about coding but also about yourself in 9 intensive weeks.- Well structured curriculum: It challenges you and keep you motivated. They'll teach you as much theory as you need to understand the concepts and a lot of practise. Most of the teachers and TAs did Le Wagon bootcamp before, so they know exactly what difficulties you face everyday and how to help you take the most out of the learning journey. They are there to help you solve the problem by your own. Which give you a better understanding and helps you become independent. You’ll be solving challenges in team, building 2 projects from scratch in 3 weeks and you'll still have access to their platform do the challenges again or just to reference to assist in what you're working on. - It's for anyone:We were 18 students doing the bootcamp, we all came from different background (designer, marketing manager, manager, college student, lawyer, engineer..) and at the end we all made things we didn't think we were able to do.We had 13 different nationalities and being in a new place learning new things brought us together in a way I didn’t expect, but was happy to experience.- Le Wagon community:Le Wagon team is always here to give you the support you need: during the bootcamp or even after, teachers, TAs and all the team is present and dedicated to help you grow. Le Wagon team is also really supportive: whatever your needs are, you can always count on the staff to help you find a solution! Le Wagon team is always going to be there to support you and to cheer you up when you need it. - Le Wagon gives you the opportunity to grow your network:When I started Le Wagon, I was new in Montreal and didn’t have any network. Thanks to Le Wagon, I developed my network. Le Wagon is part of a huge tech/startup community, so they can help you connect with the right person depending on your needs. They organise many events (Le Wagon Talks, Meet-ups, Lunch and Learn..) where you can meet and learn from experienced and inspiring tech professionals, alumni, founders... And it also allows you to find great opportunities. You also have a lifetime access to their slack channels where you are connected to a community that will supports you whenever you need. - Learning how to build a product from scratch:During the last three weeks we built an Airbnb clone and our very own product. During these three weeks we learned every step from coming up with an idea, designing it, pitching it, creating a prototype, writing the code, pushing it into production and presenting the MVP during a demo day where you have the opportunity to showcase your work in front of recruiters. And these 3 weeks you will also learn how to work in a group, communicate, and organize. I'm really glad for being a part of Le Wagon community it's the best place to to be yourself, learn new things and surpass yourself while having fun surrounded by inspiring and caring people. So I really recommend to jump in this journey and give it a try!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I attended LeWagon I had worked as a model maker, CAD engineer and then got into engineering as a CNC programmer. While working as the latter I read an article about a company which had designed a software to do the job that I was doing. Since... Read More then I knew I was on borrowed time and I needed to upskill to future proof myself. I talked to a few friends about what to do and did some research myself and the overwhelming skillset I saw was coding. Over the Summer I went the self-taught approach and tried Python. With my background in making and logical thinking I instantly fell in love with coding. It amalgamates everything I enjoy about my past professions. A new job made me realise I didn’t want to do engineering anymore so I decided to dive head first into a career change and do a full-time bootcamp. I did my research and went to several open nights to get a feel of the places. I found LeWagon the most welcoming and the course layout sounded more inline with the way I’m accustom to working. I applied and after a video interview I was accepted and set to begin at the start of the year.I didn’t think I’d enjoy the course as much as I did, the friends I made, not only my fellow classmates but also the tutors and TAs made 9 weeks fly by and we were all saddened when it had to end. What really appealed to me was the buddy system LeWagon implements which pairs you up with as different buddy everyday to work through the days challenges. This is what I had been severely missing from my time self-teaching, being able to talk through the problems with someone in the exact same position as you. With a new buddy everyday you get to talk with each person in your class and find out what their background is and why they’re doing a career change. Knowing that others are in the same position as you builds up a strong camaraderie that I haven’t experienced in a professional environment in a long time.To anyone on the fence, thinking “I don’t think I’ll be good enough”, almost everyone else is in the same position as you. Take the plunge, learn to code and change your lifeRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was in the marketing &amp; design field, wanted to evolve more, so I joined Le Wagon, these guys are literally magic, they changed my life with their passion for coding and the lifestyle they have.I didn't know what was the terminal... Read More before I started my Bootcamp, and now I'm a certified developer and currently working in this field because of them.If anybody wants to become a great developer I highly recommend Le Wagon.I'm very thankful for these guys and honored to be part of this beautiful family!Read Less",le-wagon
"I've just completed the nine week Le Wagon web development course in Melbourne. Wow, what an amazing experience. Having not studied in a long time I found the course very challenging. The teachers were super knowledgeable and helped you understand how... Read More you would use the skills in real world scenarios. We had teachers assistants who helped us with ay question we had which was ridiculously helpful for when Google just didn't cut it. The course is really well put together and available online when you're finished so you can look back at what you did previously, do the challenges again or just to reference to assist in what you're working on. Presenting my project at the end of the course was a scary and invaluable moment for me. Having a product to be able to show future employers is such a great start to my portfolio.After the course has finished we've had more workshops in regards to career coaching and personal branding. Well worth the investment. In the current world environment, who doesn't want to be able to work online and remotely. I would highly recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"Wow, what an incredibly challenging, rewarding and, above all, life-changing 9 weeks! After 14yrs in banking, I chucked it all in and let my puzzle-loving nature pursue its curiosity about coding by signing up for Le Wagon’s full-stack web development... Read More course.What followed were 2 amazing months rammed with well planned lectures and challenges that introduced new concepts daily alongside regular echoes of previous content, which helped reinforce the foundation of programming knowledge that was being built. And each day, you were buddied with another student, which fostered strong bonds of collaboration and opened your eyes to different ways of approaching problems. To say this learning curve was steep and intense would be a gross understatement (oh my lord it broke me bad a couple of times!) but that’s exactly what you need if you really want to learn, be pushed out of your comfort zone and actually acquire meaningful skills. And if you put the work in, the subsequent transformation from week 1 to 9 is absolutely mind-blowing as you exponentially accelerate from dingbat status to proudly finishing with a fully operational, bona fide web or mobile phone app, plus the confidence and desire to do more!But as much as I could happily wax lyrical on and on about the learning side of things, what I loved most was the genuine sense of community and camaraderie at Le Wagon. For starters I really can’t speak highly enough of how patient all the teachers and TAs were, and what a supportive space they created for us to learn in. They encouraged questions, and requests for help were always answered with positivity, enthusiasm and compassion. And beyond even that, I appreciated how Le Wagon also encouraged a healthy study-social balance, whether it was by reminding us to put away our laptops during the evenings and weekends, take breaks during the day, tuck into birthday cake they’d lay out for us in the afternoons, zen ourselves at free yoga sessions, attend Q&amp;A evenings with tech industry leaders or blow off steam at their weekly social events! There really were so many wonderful people and extra thoughtful touches that made what was an already exciting, productive learning environment into something that was full of heart as well.With so much learning, so much laughter and so much love, I will always look back at the time I spent at Le Wagon and say that it was one of the best experiences of my life that has left me in a position to look forward now, prepared and excited, to a future in programming.Read Less",le-wagon
"Formerly a Product Manager and consultant in the digital Healthcare space, I desired a radical boost to my technical toolkit to help me professionally and new opportunities to create on my own. My experience as a Product Manager meant that I needed to... Read More converse “intelligently” about code which I never felt comfortable doing. I also spearheaded my first business - onDemand photography concept - and assumed maintaining the code base would be the best case scenario for a business I care so deeply about.Le Wagon was as rigorous as advertised which meant that we were constantly challenged and motivated to improve our understanding of the curriculum. The setting is idyllic in the quiet surf town of Canggu and our days were well structured with complex exercises, attentive instructors, and a steady stream of coffee. My final project was selected for additional development and I got to work with two (now friends) thoughtful developers who made my dream a functional reality. This is an exceptional program and I am excited to see my colleagues again to see how they have progressed. #349Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to enrolling in the Le Wagon bootcamp I worked in media planning and strategy roles predominantly focussed on developing digital strategies for clients. Having recently moved back from a year-long project abroad I decided that the timing was right... Read More to take some time out and challenge myself to learn a new skill - something that I believed would stand me in good stead in either setting up my own business or joining a small company with big growth ambitions. With no prior coding experience at all it seemed like a big jump to go straight into a 9-week intensive programme, however I was assured by the team at Le Wagon that the bootcamp was perfectly suited to people with little to no experience. Having now completed the programme I can honestly say that I’m very glad to have taken on the challenge. It was by no means a walk in the park and was one of the most intense learning environments I’ve ever been in with new concepts and theories introduced every day. The support of all the teaching staff was incredible and no problem or question was too small or obvious - their passion and enthusiasm really makes Le Wagon what it is. Having said this, for me some of the most valuable learnings were made working through problems with fellow students - really understanding the root of the problem and figuring out a solution without immediately asking for help (but knowing it’s always there when required!). This was especially true of project weeks where all of the learnings we had made out of context in previous weeks came together in Rails. These were also some of the most satisfying, seeing the MVP of our app come together into something we were proud to present at the end. A great 9-weeks, now back to the real world…!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 10 years running pubs in and around London I started to feel stagnant in my career and was looking for a change. A chance conversation with my brother put me on to Le Wagon and I started investigating more online. After (literally) hours scouring... Read More the internet trying (and failing) to find anyone with anything bad to say about them I decided to apply, still thinking at the back of my mind that it all seemed a bit too good to be true (spoiler alert: it wasn’t).From the first point of contact, through the interview process and throughout the 9 week boot-camp I was consistently blown away by the competence, organisation, but above all the friendliness, of everyone involved in Le Wagon.	Coming from a non-technical background (I wrote my first line of code 3 weeks before boot-camp started) I was anxious that I would be completely lost when the boot-camp started but it was the opposite. Every day you are buddied-up with another student and there are plenty of teachers and TA’s on hand to help as well so there’s always someone to give you a hand if you get stuck. Furthermore the daily challenges (based around each day’s lecture topic) are structured in such a way that they’ll stretch you whether you’ve picked a topic up quickly or are struggling to grasp it.	The most rewarding part of the bootcamp for me was the project weeks: the last two weeks of the camp where you work as a team to design, build and deploy a product which you then demo in front of your friends and family on the last day of boot-camp. My group built an app which compares emission data from various supermarkets and points the user towards the retailer where their purchases would have the lowest environmental impact. I never would have dreamed before the bootcamp that I would be able to build something like this just 9 weeks later.	The technical aspect, however, is only a small part of what makes Le Wagon great. The environment and community is the most remarkable I’ve ever observed. Everyone involved, from teachers &amp; TA’s to support staff to your fellow students are all 100% invested in your development and nothing is ever too much trouble for anyone. You really are part of the family from day 1.	Nowadays we are surrounded by advertising slogans which don’t keep their promises. Le Wagon tells you “Learn to code. Change your life.” and for me, anyway, they have delivered. Believe the hype.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have completed Le Wagon Montreal coding bootcamp in March 2020. I had been working as a Marketing manager for 5 years, but I wanted to change career for a long time. It took me 2 years to decide to join Le Wagon.I started to learn programming alone,... Read More at home. But it was very difficult to focus long enough, and I was progressing so slowly.At Le Wagon, in just 9 weeks, we learned so many things! It was amazing to see people from different backgrounds, nationalities and ages arrive with no knowledge in programming, and leave Le Wagon, able to develop an app from scratch.At Le Wagon, you learn about coding for sure, but you also learn about yourself and others as well. It's a coding and human adventure!Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked in various commercial roles over the past 4 years and was often being exposed to working with tech teams. I found it fascinating how these “developer guys” always came up with such useful solutions and decided to become one of them to be able... Read More to build my own products in the future.I started coding on Codecademy and learned some basic HTML and CSS in the evenings after work. However, a few months in I felt like I was stagnating and I didn’t quite know where to go from here. That’s when I started looking into coding bootcamps. After reading about and comparing different programmes, I decided to join the full-time course at Le Wagon.Now, 9 weeks are over, I finished the course and I would do it all over again!The pace was fast and the learning curve was steep but thanks to the great team of teachers and TA’s I never felt completely overwhelmed. During the first six weeks, we started with a lecture in the morning and worked on various coding challenges with our buddy throughout the day. The buddy system was great. It made me realise how important explaining code to another person was for my own understanding. What have I learnt?1. Strong foundations: Ruby, Ruby on Rails, CSS, HTML, ES6, MVC, OOP, DB structures, Git, Github, technical workflow, Wireframes, prototyping, UI design and I’m confident that I will be able to build on these.2. Mindset: Probably even more important, I developed a mindset that will enable me to learn even more languages and frameworks in the future.3. How to build a product from scratch: During the last three weeks we built an Airbnb clone and our very own product. During these three weeks we learned every step from coming up with an idea, pitching it, creating a prototype, writing the code, pushing it into production and presenting the MVP.The entire Le Wagon team is incredibly supportive and my fellow students were phenomenal! I can recommend this course to anyone who is looking to take on a new challenge.Read Less",le-wagon
"Throughout my undergraduate degree in Business Management, I felt that I had too much time on my hands and I was definitely not learning nearly enough practical skills that I could apply to my future career. After graduating, I took on a job at a small... Read More Fintech startup as an operations analyst. Little did I know that being an operations analyst meant that I had to be filing documents and answering phone calls in which I had to repeat the same conversations over and over again. The work there was extremely tedious and mind numbing as we had to copy and paste data from the database onto an excel sheet to measure our performance. I had a look into automating the data entry and I used webhooks to roll out the process. That simple job saved the operations team 20 hours of work per week. As soon as I got it to work I got a rush and was extremely happy to have found a solution to that problem and to never have to copy and paste data into that excel sheet again. That is when I started looking into coding and potentially switching my career to do it professionally. I had heard about Le Wagon from a friend that had taken the course in France, when I looked at the programme specifications I was very interested to join.I decided that if I was going to make a career change now was the time, so I left my job and enrolled as a full-time student at the bootcamp. From the first couple of days I was hooked to coding, I really loved the daily routine of getting to class and spending the whole day solving challenges with my buddy. It was extremely interesting to not only learn from the lecturers and TAs but from other students as well. Le Wagon teaches you how to think critically to solve coding challenges as well as collaborate with others which really made it feel like we were a team. This experience would not have been the same if it wasn't for the people that constitute the school, I was able to concentrate for long periods of time and also know when to relax with others and have a laugh even after the boot camp ended. I can say with certainty I have made very good friends at the course and I am now equipped to confidently build websites for a living.I would recommend taking this course to anyone that is willing to commit to putting in the hard work to change careers because the bootcamp is what you make of it, so make the most of what can be the most defining 9 weeks of your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting le Wagon, I was working in a small technology company within the commercial team. Being exposed to product managers gave me a real desire to pursue that path. I knew that learning to code would be a valuable skill in this pursuit and had... Read More heard of Le Wagon a few times before so I quit my job and enrolled for the January 2020 intake.The structure of the program is great. We started by learning the basics of different programming languages back-end, databases, front-end before applying that to our projects, working in teams with other students. It also meant that we moved from exercises and challenges, in the beginning, to actually developing real products. You can actually show your friends and family what you’re building!More importantly, Le Wagon will help you think like a developer. Identifying a problem and finding the solution yourself, not need to learn things off by heart.The teachers are always there to help us out, from solving exercises to helping us think about the features we want to add when we work on our projects. They help you understand rather than just give answers. I was also happily surprised by the general solidarity between students, everyone helps each other out. As with most things, the more you invest yourself in the course the more you’ll get out of it. All the staff from the London campus put in a lot of effort to keep everyone motivated in what can be an intense 9 weeks with various events/talks and overall good vibes. Overall, an experience that I would highly recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"Personal BackgroundI joined Le Wagon because I wanted to change my career. I fell into teaching ESL as a way to fund my travels, and paradoxically it gradually became a career that kept me grounded. In my free time I had been learning coding through online... Read More bootcamps, tutorials, and courses. I learned Python, JavaScript, CSS, and HTML. But, I didn’t have the time or skill to put them all together in a very useful way. I realized that my self-study was going too slow so I decided to join a bootcamp. I did some research and landed on Le Wagon.LocationMy home is in South Korea, so I was looking at taking the course in a couple of nearby locations: Seoul, Tokyo, and Bali. While I analyzed the costs and weighed the pros and cons, ultimately I asked myself, ‘Where would be the best place to focus and immerse myself?’ Having visited Canggu on a number of occasions in the past for surfing, I knew it would be a good place to take Le Wagon.Canggu has many amenities on offer to make a long-term stay comfortable and convenient. Housing, food, co-working spaces, and of course the beach, are all within walking distance and very affordable. I knew that the less time I spent worrying about daily necessities meant more time I could focus on the bootcamp.Teaching StaffI really enjoyed getting to know the lecturers and teaching assistants at Le Wagon Bali. They were all very knowledgable, personable, and passionate about their jobs. They never hesitated to work through a tricky problem or help explain a puzzling concept. I liked that the teachers rotated through different lectures. Each of the three main lecturers have a unique teaching style, so I appreciated the rotation to keep things fresh in the lectures.Curriculum and Course StructureThe course is very fast paced. For me, the Ruby portion was a bit of a refresher coming off the prep work and some personal study I had done in the past. That’s okay, it meant I could do some of the optional challenges and dig into some more of the nuances of the Ruby language. The course is structured in a way that you are constantly learning faster and more efficient ways to code. Of course it would be nice to know the fastest and most efficient method from the beginning, but because I know the underlying principles I already feel more confident diving into another language or framework to supplement what I learned in the course.ValueI am very satisfied with the quality of education and the in-and-out-of-classroom support from the staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this program to someone with the time and means to initiate a change. For me, the biggest non-quantitative value of the bootcamp is the people who were my classmates. I had classmates from 13 different countries, each of whom I spent time with working through challenges and getting to know between classes. Bali attracts people from all over, and I think being in a new place learning new things brought us together in a way I didn’t expect, but was happy to experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"As I was finishing my studies at UFRJ as a Graphic Designer, I decided to make a full change of career and embark into the promising life of a web developer. I heard of Le Wagon from a friend of mine, a former alumni, and I went there to check, with a... Read More few visits I fell in love with the place and decided that I wanted to be part of their intensive full-stack program.During my time there(9 weeks), I was truly immmersed into an intense but rewarding life of a coder, thanks to the comfortable enviroment and the methodology of coding challenges that are given on a daily baisis; and that's the beauty of it, the students usually have a short to medium class in the morning, and then we spend all day coding and facing programming challenges, the moment you learn something you are already putting to pratice and also learning while praticing. With a great cast of teachers and teacher's assistants, you have all the support you need to fulfill any questions you might have about the challenges that are being faced. And by the end of the bootcamp you put everything you learn to good use, building webpages and web apps, doing what a real developer would do, and also learn much more while you do it. In the end you come out a web dev, with already good work on your portfolio, ready to face the market and start your life as a dev.At least that's how I felt about it. :)I can't end this without saying that even tho it was an intense and demanding experience, all the time I had support from my classmates, from the teachers, and the manager. I would recommend Le Wagon to anyone willing to undergo this path of coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"I wanted to change my career path and coming form a digital marketing agency, I was really interested in becoming a developper. After considering multiple option for a bootcamp I chose Le Wagon Montreal for multiple reasons:- The teachers are great, they... Read More make it easy to understand all the core concepts- The way we learn is by practicing, practicing and practicing. It's amazing how much we can learn.- The mind set of Le Wagon is really collaborative: we move forward individually and grow as a group toward the same objective.I'm glad I took the leap and I would recommend it to anyone who want to challenge themselves and learn to code really quickly. You'll see after 9 weeks, you want even more of it !Read Less",le-wagon
"J’ai longtemps cherché pourquoi j’étais faite. J’ai cependant toujours été attirée par les métiers du Web, et plus précisément, ce qui se passe derrière l’écran, derrière une page Internet, comprendre ce langage « crypté ». J’ai donc décidé de me lancer... Read More et suivre la formation du Wagon Bordeaux. La formation tient sa promesse initiale mais va bien au-delà …. Une aventure humaine qui va de ton « buddy » du jour aux projets en équipe, entraide, partage, soutient ... mais aussi qui passe par les enseignants, passionnés et passionnants, bienveillants et disponibles. Une aventure personnelle, où tu apprends une discipline, une rigueur, à être persévérant, à te challenger et à te dépasser chaque jour. Une aventure professionnelle où tu rencontres la communauté d’alumni, tu participes à des meet-up avec des acteurs majeurs de Bordeaux et tu rencontres des personnes d’univers différents. Ces 9 semaines avec le batch 343 ont été une révélation. Je me suis d’ailleurs liée d’amitié avec Lucille, qui vient du monde de la mode, et nous avons décidé ensemble de découvrir l’entrepreneuriat en tant que Développeuses Web.Stephanie - Batch 343 - BordeauxRead Less",le-wagon
"Je viens tout juste de terminer le bootcamp du Wagon Bordeaux, batch 343. Ce fut à la fois très complet et très intense. J’ai pu acquérir de nombreuses compétences en RoR, Ruby, JS, Html et CSS.Le format de la formation est vraiment bien pensé : avec... Read More des cours le matin et des exercices l’après-midi. Être en binôme pour les exercices permet de se motiver mutuellement, mais aussi de tous bien se connaitre et de construire un esprit de promo très fort.Les trois dernières semaines sont consacrées aux projets par groupe de 4. Mon équipe et moi avons créé deux sites web et nous avons pu constater de nets progrès depuis le début du Wagon.Une semaine après avoir terminé la formation, la pression n’est toujours pas retombée. Je code encore beaucoup et avec plaisir. Je suis ravi d’avoir découvert cette nouvelle passion grâce à cette aventure.Read Less",le-wagon
"Je viens tout juste de terminer le bootcamp du Wagon Bordeaux, batch 343. Ce fut à la fois très complet et très intense. J’ai pu acquérir de nombreuses compétences en RoR, Ruby, JS, Html et CSS. Le format de la formation est vraiment bien pensé : avec... Read More des cours le matin et des exercices l’après-midi. Être en binôme pour les exercices permet de se motiver mutuellement, mais aussi de tous bien se connaitre et de construire un esprit de promo très fort. Les trois dernières semaines sont consacrées aux projets par groupe de 4. Mon équipe et moi avons créé deux sites web et nous avons pu constater de nets progrès depuis le début du Wagon. Une semaine après avoir terminé la formation, la pression n’est toujours pas retombée. Je code encore beaucoup et avec plaisir. Je suis ravi d’avoir découvert cette nouvelle passion grâce à cette aventure.Read Less",le-wagon
"I researched a number of options before choosing Le Wagon Chengdu. It was both a matter of price (when I enrolled they actually had a special discount for women), as well as content of the curriculum (in this course you learn tools and technologies both... Read More for front-end and back-end development, all as part as an intensive 9 weeks program). After my first interview with Allen, I felt that Chengdu was exactly the place I wanted to be in. And I was right; not only the work environment was amazing, but the kindness and enthusiasm of local and international student who were there for the same reasons, made the whole experience absolutely fabulous! I am happy and grateful to have been part of a class full of students eager to learn and work together.Granted it was a major challenge! But I quickly learned to be comfortable with making mistakes and ultimately learning so much in such a short of time. Teachers and TA’s at Le Wagon are the best, and because class size are kept small we had time to interact with both on a one-on-one basis. I remember starting the class nervous and worried — since my background was in marketing/advertising. However, I was quickly met with challenges and a vast amount of support and encouragement from the team at Le Wagon Chengdu coding bootcamp.One thing that I really liked about this bootcamp was the fact that we were not competing against each other. Test were done to evaluate each one’s own knowledge and understanding of the material covered. Working in small groups created a feeling of motivation to work together and to help each other out, which turned out to be much more productive than working in solitude. Despite the fast-paced nature of the course, the material was covered in such a way that was clear and to the point. I found that the structure of the class (lecture/activities/ projects) was effective in being able to learn a large amount of material in a short period.This course will give you the skills and problem solving strategies needed to take a dive into being a developer in the field! I would highly recommend it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon, what an adventure! I did Le Wagon in Montreal from October to December 2019.First impression, that got reinforced during all the bootcamp, is that every teacher and person working at Le Wagon is really here to accompany us and make our experience... Read More as beneficial as possible.Everyone is really patient and is willing to spend time with us, giving us useful tips so we get good practices while learning web development.The program is well-thought, so we understand how every technical aspect of building a web application relates to each other. Especially that the bootcamp is product-oriented, as we have to develop a web application from scratch at the end of the program, to put into practice everything that we learnt. It felt really rewarding :)In short, I recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"I signed up to Le Wagon after having heard very good things about it and I can definitely say it did not disappoint.I had some prior experience in development and coding, but didn’t consider it to be enough to apply for developer jobs. I am now writing... Read More this review as a junior developer just a couple of months later.The bootcamp offers a very well rounded program where you learn as much as you can over the course of 9 weeks, and you come out with a very wide range of knowledge and the tools to work on your own projects - be it in design, back end, or both! It teaches the foundations of programming that will help you to learn other languages, understand how to read code and how it works. All of the learnings you acquire are put to the test and solidified during the project weeks where you get to work with a small team and present what you created from scratch.Other great parts of the program are that you can go at your own pace, the TA’s are great (they’ve done the course as well so they can help you accordingly), and the course support is amazing. There are videos on every lecture if you need to go back to one because you didn’t understand something, there are loads of exercises for those who want to do more, and the TA’s are always willing to help, assist and explain to make sure you got the concepts down.Overall, my experience at Le Wagon was very good. I would definitely recommend it for anyone who is interested in the tech industry and interested in becoming a developer, but also for anyone looking to learn a new skill to incorporate into their current job.And don’t worry too much about it! Most people there are looking for a career change and excited to learn something new. It’s a great opportunity to meet amazing people from different backgrounds but with similar goals and start building a network for yourself in the industry :)Read Less",le-wagon
"This fullstack program is a 9 week program which teaches software development fundamentals. Le Wagon focuses on teaching students to build tech products in the first 7 weeks. In final 2 weeks you build a tech product for a real world business case any... Read More any idea that you want to put into practice. Le Wagon doesn’t just teach students how to code, it teaches an entrepreneurial and problem solving mindset to its students.Classes start at 9am and sometimes run until 7pm in the evening from Monday to Friday. The morning starts with a lecture by the lead instructor, and you will immediately put what you learn in the lecture into use in the challenges for the day. You are paired with a buddy to solve the problems. Le Wagon prepares students for after the camp by teaching the best way to approach bugs in your code. Checking error messages, looking at lecture slides, reading documentation and asking for help from classmates and assistants are greatly encouraged.The curriculum is split very well into coding fundamentals, front end development and backend development. For me, the greatest part of the course was pitching for and coding, in groups, our final projects. It gave a real insight into what working in an exciting tech startup environment would be like. The pressure of working to a pitching deadline day kept us really motivated.Overall the experience was tough, but absolutely worth the time and the money. The course is great for those who want to fast track their transition into tech, have an entrepreneurial mind or want to build a new skill.Read Less",le-wagon
"As an engineer, I already had some programming basics, but absolutely no idea on how to bring all of the different aspects together to build a functional application. That is precisely what Le Wagon promised, and precisely what Le Wagon delivered.Over... Read More the intensive 9-week course, surrounded by experienced and knowledgeable teachers, we started with the basics, and quickly transitioned to building functioning applications. The curriculum is well structured, concise and is heavily based on exercises and practice and the small-class structure provides a great atmosphere for learning.After the bootcamp, I was able to quickly find an internship to continue developing my full-stack skills and then to continue my tech career as a Product Owner for a local start-up, all thanks to the impressive Wagon network. I am extremely grateful to Le Wagon Lausanne for this experience and the knowledge that I have acquired since the beginning of the bootcamp, and I readily recommend this course to anyone who wants to be a part of the tech industry.Read Less",le-wagon
"Learning how to code had always been a dream - one that I approached with apprehension because of my lack of a technical education. But after having attended one of Le Wagon's free workshops, I could slowly see myself learning how to code. I joined LeWagon... Read More to gain a practical skillset that would help me make informed decisions in my workplace. And after having completed the Bootcamp, I've never been more confident in translating client requirements into actionable solutions. The Bootcamp sets you up with foundational knowledge required to learn a programming language and then equips you with an array of tools that you can choose to hone after the Bootcamp. Their exceptional curriculum, having stood the test of time, takes you from understanding things like 'What is the internet?' all the way to designing two prototypes from scratch; thereby giving you a comprehensive understanding of what it actually means to 'code'. The curriculum is supported by a holistic learning environment that incorporates teamwork, problem-solving and decision making, all of which are critical skills that are needed in the workplace. Additionally, the teaching assistants are always willing to go above and beyond what they are required to do in order to ensure that your queries are answered, at a bare minimum. All in all, attending the Le Wagon Bootcamp has been one of the best decisions I have ever made and I recommend it wholeheartedly.Good luck!P.S: My team and I built a beginner's version of a Pokémon battle :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello My Name is Felipe, and i am a former Student at Le Wagon Madrid #311. I am 20 years old and i didn’t have the opportunity to go to university, so before Le Wagon, i mainly worked as a freelance Digital Marketer and in Sales which i learned by myself.... Read More I found myself stuck in different jobs feeling i couldn’t go any further. I Always had a passion for tech, so decided to go for the best Coding Bootcamp there is, did my research and ended up in Le Wagon.Le Wagon gave me a very supportive community during the bootcamp and even after the bootcamp. My teachers are incredibly patient to us as long as we have some questions to ask. They not only answer my questions about the lecture but also give me advice about where to go, what to study and their different experiences.My final project was Planeo. I made the app with another 3 students in the last 2 weeks during the bootcamp. An app to make planning with your friends easier. User easily organize plans with their friends in order to make your life easier.This project, together with the AirBnb Clone that we did and many others, where vital to find a job as a web developer. As i finished the course i had over 3 interviews. every interviewer thought the course i did was over 1 year long, and they where really surprised when i told them it was only 9 weeks. This is not minor as you can show that you learned a lot in 9 weeks and at the end, they are looking for fast learners, and that was something i could really leverage. They were also amazed with the quality of the projects and how we learned many technologies. After 15 days graduating from Le Wagon i got a job from AON as a full-time intern. This was a very hard and demanding journey, but at the end, the possibilities and the world of opportunity that it opens it makes it so much worth it. I would definitely recommend Le Wagon to anyone looking for a career change. So, if you ask me now if i had the opportunity to get my money back and return knowledge back to Le Wagon, I would 100% keep the knowledge because it is worth every single penny.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined the program with very high expectations and I was even more impressed. The platform is incredible, the teaching staff wonderful and the curriculum is very well thought out. I can say with no doubt that it changed my life, my way of thinking and... Read More opened so many new opportunities. I'll be eternally grateful and I am thrilled to now be part of Le Wagon community.Read Less",le-wagon
"I initially signed up to le wagon to get to know the basics of web development after having graduated from uni. My aim was to understand how to structure a tech project, know the costs, timeline and be able to communicate with developers. I ended up learning... Read More an incredible amount of skills and discovered a passion for web development! Le Wagon will give you the tools to build an entire project from scratch, and the concepts allowing you to switch to any other programming language easily. I found a job in less than 2 months after graduating.  I would highly recommend le Wagon, whether you are looking to get an understanding of the tech industry, add tech skills to your current position or become a developer!  In addition to this, it is a great place to meet fantastic people!Read Less",le-wagon
"From cook to developer in 2 months, it seemed impossible ... and yet that's what Le Wagon allowed me to do! I was able, thanks to a conference organized at Le Wagon, to meet my future employer who recruited me at the end of the bootcamp.I had no knowledge... Read More of code ...Between a team of top teachers, who master and know how to transmit their knowledge and an extremely well thought out and constructed course support, you have all the ingredients to allow you to acquire the skills of developer.It is an intense training, we come home every evening tired of the new concepts learned and practiced during the day, but satisfied with being able to concretely observe our progress day by day thanks to the daily exercises.I can only recommend that you do it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Story of my lifeI have always been passionate about digital technologies. Thanks to my dad who had his architecture firm, I have been able to interact with computers at a very young age. I remember using a computer with DOS, dealing with the machine by... Read More writing command lines, asking it to execute small programs, mainly games for the young boy I was. I also remember how I was introduced to the graphical user interface of Windows, before the well-known Windows 95 version. Computers have always been sort of magical for me, and as far as I can remember, I have always used them on a daily basis. That way, I have been amongst the first of my entourage to discover and use the internet back in 1997. It was a hell of an experience, nothing to do with today’s internet. The 10-year-old-boy I was, not only wanted to surf the web but also wanted to create his own ""internet"". This is how, by doing some research, I discovered the tools that helped me ""code"" basic web-pages. Year after year, I continued having fun after school, learning the how-to-create websites driven by my passion and my curiosity.The Why?I never really abandoned my passion for computers and the internet, but have made professional choices that weren’t connected to digital tech. After graduating from Strasbourg School of Architecture (France), then specializing in Real Estate Management, I worked for several years as a Project Manager in the construction and real estate field. At the same time I was attending the architecture and engineering schools, the world was being profoundly changed by new technologies and the emergence of social media. Then, while I was getting professional experience as a PM, every industry was being disrupted, being actively pushed to its next level, beyond what it is essentially about. Doing the job wasn’t sufficient anymore. New technology is exciting in this way that is always disruptive, killing jobs, creating new ones and ushering in profound social changes. And those who know how to get on board the moving train are the ones who make the most of it, both professionally and personally. It is in 2018, after gaining a decent 5-year experience in my area of expertise, that a small voice began growing deep inside my head: since digital technology was impacting every field, I didn't want to be left aside by the changes taking place in my domain. So I thought that it was time for me to finally mix my passion for tech and my professional career choices, with my thirst for entrepreneurial adventures. The real estate and construction industries were going to be profoundly digitally-challenged, and I wanted to be part of the upcoming change.Joining #TeamLeWagonI finally quit my job mid-2019, driven by my startup project. Unfortunately, having left out coding for many years, I was lacking modern technical coding skills. But, I remembered that a friend of mine told me months before that he was going to attend a 9-week coding bootcamp in Bali to become a full-stack web-developer. This is how I discovered Le Wagon. After further personal research, I decided this bootcamp was what I needed to reconnect with the coding-experience but mainly to understand a developer mindset. But why Montreal you ask? Well, I have always wanted to experience this amazing city for a long period, after visiting it multiple times since 2011. Le Wagon in Montreal is also more international, with people coming from everywhere... and thus, the program is taught in English. Thrilled by the Bootcamp and the location, I applied to Le Wagon Montreal in August 2019. After a quick video-call with Aline Gasparindo, then a video-interview with MG Ayoub, I had to go through and successfully complete a 20-hour personal work to learn the basics of Ruby, and more importantly to see if it is something I would enjoy doing during the bootcamp. That was a necessary prerequisite before getting confirmation of my admission to the autumn batch in Montreal. Weeks before on-boarding, I also had to submit a bunch of prep-work to better know the web and coding environment: HTML, CSS, Ruby, Javascript… All the basic stuff needed to feel comfortable once I’d be completely absorbed in the intensive Bootcamp.Experiencing Le WagonThe experience of Le Wagon is indescribable. I have had some great experiences in my life, but this Bootcamp was on a whole new level. Looking back to these amazing 9 weeks spent in Montreal, I can say that this feeling is certainly due to three main points. 	The peopleFirst of all, Le Wagon’s team: the supervisors, the teachers, and the teacher's assistants. Their kindness, commitment, and availability at all times, especially in moments of doubt - because yes, there are a lot of these moments throughout the 9 weeks - made me feel very comfortable, at ease and free of any stress, which allowed me to concentrate on the journey’s essentials: learning in joy, in a good mood, and surpassing myself in my daily performances. Every member of the team has had a big smile on his face every morning of the 9-week bootcamp, not hesitating a second to share a coffee, share lunch and be present at the after-works to share a beer. What is also special about Le Wagon’s experience is the fact that the teachers and the teachers’ assistants have all experienced the program before being promoted to the teacher-rank. They know what is important, how the curriculum is made, how it has to be taught. They understand the students, especially those who go through difficulties in the first weeks. They are well prepared to help them understand because they have been there before. That is something essential in this out-of-the-box learning-process, and I think it is really smart and great!	Also, the peopleAt the same time, all the wonderful people from my batch (batch 329) made the experience as great as it was. Not to forget the Le Wagon community - especially the alumni based in Montreal - that takes this Bootcamp to a very different level. This point is undoubtedly a direct result of the efforts made by MG and her team, building up the cohorts by diversifying profiles. Each batch is a wonderful melting pot of people coming from various backgrounds, which is an essential part of the Le Wagon adventure. In fact, the experience goes beyond the curriculum, and the people who shape the batch and later Le Wagon’s alumni are undeniably the most valuable asset of it. Throughout the program, we learn through daily contact with those who make up the batch. Since everyone thinks differently and finds creative solutions to the multitude of problems we face in the daily challenges, working within a stimulating environment lets us consider exciting new paths, usually completely different from those we would have taken. We unconsciously leave our well-known comfort zone, willing to do much more and better than ever! On the last day of the Bootcamp, I remember saying to myself how amazing the evolution was from 9 weeks ago till this very last moment following the Demoday: the friends I made from my batch were complete strangers just 63 days ago, but we quickly bonded, and at the time I’m writing this review, I’m still in contact with lots of them. Thanks to the buddy system, we are pushed to get to know each and everyone in the batch. Of course, you may not have the same affinity with everyone, but you’d be surprised to see how each participant always makes himself spontaneously available to help others, filled with great kindness. No competition at Le Wagon: we all belong to the same team and we all want to live the Bootcamp experience to the fullest. To let us do so, throughout the 2 months, a lot of events are organized (not to forget the Wednesday Yoga sessions with Claudette) which is profoundly bond-forming. Thus, current students get to know each other but they can also meet the alumni, who do not hesitate to share with the cohort their own experience, always giving good advice, and their post-Le Wagon professional life. Hence, the Friday-night after-work quickly became the-place-to-be, sharing a beer, a laugh, a dance… but most importantly letting ourselves go to casual and interesting discussions animated by the rhythm of the music.	Smart program and smart toolsFinally, Le Wagon's program is very cleverly constructed. Throughout the journey, we don't always understand why we’re doing this or that, but soon enough we realize the progress we’ve made in the learning-process: indeed, we do so by the end of the first week! I remember having moments of extreme frustration, but I was repeatedly being told that I have to trust the program (thank you Stéphane!). Once you do so, you find true joy in the developer-making-process and you truly sense the evolution which is smooth and complete. Now that I am done with the Bootcamp, I have taken the time to go through what we have learned from week 1 until Demoday. I realized that everything has been well conceived by the founders. I also understood that the Bootcamp has gradually been nourished since 2016 by the experience of each of the batches that have occurred in all the Le Wagon worldwide. One thing I have been positively surprised by is the ""Kitt"" platform, which has been specially made for Le Wagon bootcamp. Once you on-board in the Bootcamp, you access your personal profile that will be daily updated throughout the program. Le Wagon’s promise is life-time access to Kitt, letting you always connect with the alumni but also review lectures and learn new skills. This platform is clear, intuitive, and comprehensive! It contains everything necessary for the learning process during the Bootcamp but also for later. It integrates with all the modules used throughout the training, Github of course, but also with every software used for coding, the OS terminal... This level of professionalism - almost perfect - helps a lot in the intensive bootcamp-process. Last but not least is Le Wagon’s Slack which is very useful to communicate with your batch but also with the alumni, even after graduating. In fact, I still have access to Le Wagon’s Slack, benefiting from job offers posted on the appropriate channel, but also from the experience and the help of the alumni. It also lets me connect with my batch, and we still share our experiences post-Le Wagon.If I had to do it all over again…I’d definitely do it again.Le Wagon is a hell of an experience. I truly enjoyed every moment of it. I have never felt so alive in my life. Throughout this intensive 9-week Bootcamp, I went through all kinds of emotions, had difficult moments, moments of doubt, of intense joy, moments of crazy laughter... I learned a lot, very much in such a short time. I sometimes felt I was invincible, and I wanted to go further. Le Wagon truly gave me the needed skills and mindset to become a developer, a product manager... or a tech entrepreneur. It's up to me now to make the best of it.What remains, after all, is certainly what I have learned, but above all are the moments engraved in my memory and the friendships I’ve made. If you want to change your life and you really want to do it, then you definitely need to apply to one of Le Wagon’s bootcamp. You won’t regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"The program is great, there are awesome teachers who work hard to provide you with the best material, and an amazing group of international people (aspiring developers, aspiring and accomplished entrepreneurs).The curriculum focuses on Ruby on Rails and... Read More once you get that, it's much easier to learn new languages and frameworks. And that leads to probably the best thing about Le Wagon: they bring you to the point where you have the right set of knowledge to be able to keep learning on your own.Read Less",le-wagon
"My journey in Barcelona started as a computer engineering student, but having myself struggling later in the process, I decided to take a gap-year. I did not want to waste my time in that year, so that’s where I chose to enroll in a full stack web development... Read More course. I visited many bootcamps here in Barcelona, but there was something about LeWagon that made me choose it: THE PEOPLE!!! 	I came in first day quite nervous about the new tech adventure that I was about to experience, but that changed very soon as everybody was super friendly. I am not talking about the staff only, but the other students as well. In the interview before the bootcamp I was mostly asked about the type of person that I am, and thats where I saw the purpose of it. Students came with all kinds of backgrounds, related or not to programming, but everybody there felt like a good person. Very warm, friendly environment. That was my first impression. 	The challenge of the first week for most of us was the schedule, but that soon became natural. Most of your time and attention though will be focused on the bootcamp, especially during the week, but that makes time go faster. Resting well is very important, as losing a single day of the bootcamp means a lot of information lost. If you have previous programming experience, the problem will not be how difficult the information is, but the amount of information, as fully understanding everything is very hard in such a short time.	The teachers made everything seem easier then it was, and, because of the friendly relationships that they built with us, we understood everything way faster. They boosted our confidence all the time, no matter how bad the situation. They took the time you needed to understand everything. Even when they were not teaching us, they made sure that everybody is happy during the day and always created a warm atmosphere. If anyone had a personal issue, they were there too. We were all living together day by day from 9 to 7 for 2 months, so we got to know each other, and the implication of the teachers Is what mostly surprised me, both during and after the bootcamp. 	The experience as a whole helped me develop not only in the web development field (as expected), but also on personal and entrepreneurial level. Our batch was quite multi international and learning so much about all these other cultures was amazing. My favourite day of the bootcamp was the pot-luck day, where everybody brought traditional food from his country. We also evolved our teamskills as mid-way through the bootcamp we formed teams for the final project. Thats also where public speaking came in as a challenge and I could never thank enough. Most of us learned how to face our fear of confronting spectators during our pitches. We learned how to think, plan, build and present our projects, and in the final day, the demo day, we had to pitch it in front of outsiders and potential investors.	Although these 2 months went so fast, it felt like a full year due to our huge development both on personal and professional level. Everything was really intense and I loved it all the way through. My only regret was the actual end of the bootcamp, as I never wanted it to come. It was the most uplifting experience of my life so far.Read Less",le-wagon
"我是在2019年暑假加入的成都Le Wagon 编程训练营。我想它带给我的改变不仅仅限于tech skills, 我的思维方式和问题解决能力得到了很好的提升。中国的教学模式一般是以老师教课为主，学生有问题老师也会很快地去解答。Le Wagon 的老师也非常得热情， 除此之外，他们会引导你去解决问题，而不是直接告诉你怎么做。这样的思维模式是很重要的，离开编程训练营之后，大家一般都会学习新的语言，这样的思维模式给我们了更好的自学能力，对未来的不管是自学编程，还是大学课程都很帮助。特别是国外的大学，非常看重自学能力。很多时候教授教的东西非常理论化，... Read More 但是作业非常实践化。这就需要很强的自学和问题解决能力。再一个是不同于一般的教学模式，每天我们都会应用当天所学的知识，在有趣的编程挑战上面。每天都会和不同的同学一起解决问题，这不仅培养了合作能力，学生在实践过程中也能更好得理解知识。Le Wagon 给我的感觉不仅仅是一个编程训练营，你还能遇到很棒的小伙伴，他们来自于世界各地，不同的职业，不同的年龄， 你总会被他们的学习热情和Le Wagon 给予的氛围所感染！！！2019暑假的Le Wagon 经历是让我终身难忘的，对于我来说在建立了专业技能的基础上，也更好地明确了自己未来的方向。给我带来的思维模式的变化也让我终身受益。Read Less",le-wagon
I've really appreciated evrything from the course:- The friendly atmosphere;- The massive amount of stuff you can learn;- The international background of the classroom.And at last the patience of all the teachers!i really invite evryone to attend the... Read More course!Read Less,le-wagon
"So previously I was working as a fire install engineer. I wasn't unhappy but my ultimate goal was to be doing something I am really interested in and got be happy doing every day. I have always had a keen interest in technology/computers.Whether that... Read More would be gaming or building a PC for myself or a friend, however I had never delved into the more technical side of it, programming... this is when I started on my search for an intense coding boot camp as I felt this would be alotmore practical for me than to go back to university for 3 years.This is when I found Le wagon and It exceeded any expectations I had of the 9 week course, from the people I met there to the skills I learned. The attention and support the teachers provide through out the course is amazing and you can really feel that they enjoy sharing their knowledge and skills with you. The Highlight for me was final week where we worked on our main project. We worked in a team of 4 and together presented an amazing progressive web application within 10 days. Never did I think I would be creating such a quality product within 9 weeks coming from zero previous programming. I have also come away from Le wagon with some very good friends, we catch up daily sometimes and keep testing each other on what we are learning. The whole experience has been amazing and i would recommend it to anyone with no doubts.Read Less",le-wagon
"My interest in code began in late 2018 during my first few months at university. A combination of not enjoying my current Digital Media course and wanting to spend more time exploring code led me to the decision to drop out. Once home I immediately started... Read More out with online courses and learning the basics of Front-end development. A month later and I had built and deployed my very first website. It was at this point I knew that coding was something I enjoyed and it was something that I could pursue. Fast-forward a few months and I was still going strong with online tutorials and decided to take on my first paid project for a client. This was a great, albeit stressful experience and really helped further my skills.This brings me to October 2019 when I began my Le Wagon journey. I wanted to learn more about the world of web development and Full-stack skills with the aim of being able to secure a full time position afterwards. Le Wagon was an amazing experience. It wasn’t just a place of learning but a whole community that you instantly felt connected to. I think that was the stand-out aspect for me. I really enjoyed going in each day to work on a particular set of challenges with an amazing group of likeminded people. It had a perfect blend of a casual yet hard working vibe with many events both academic and social to attend during the week. I found that the amount of content we got through was staggering and I would be lying if I said that I didn’t feel overwhelmed. However, we had constant support from all the teachers and TA’s reminding us that Its a long process and you aren’t expected to understand everything right away. I felt I was able to talk to anyone at any time about how I was feeling which was very encouraging. The fact that everybody on the course was able to come together in their respective groups to produce amazing projects in the final two weeks was a real testimony to the hours of work that we as students and all the teachers and TA’s has put in. I really enjoyed working in my team and gaining the experience of collaborating with other developers and overcoming the problems that that inevitably creates. To cap it off presenting our projects on Demo day allowed us to really see how far we had come.I loved my experience at Le Wagon. Its more than just a coding bootcamp, its a community of people all working together and supporting each other to achieve their goals whilst still being a fun, relaxed and great place to work hard and play.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to attend Le Wagon in my gap year in order to ""get ahead"" so to speak, and the opportunities it has opened up for me are endless! I have even considered forfeiting university entirely since Le Wagon means it is no longer necessary! All of the... Read More staff are both incredible teachers as well as just warm and friendly people, meaning the whole atmosphere is very welcoming and open. Even if you don't plan on becoming a full-time developer, these 9 weeks will enlighten you as to how the tech actually functions, allowing you to make better informed decisions in the future. Due to the experience here, I was offered project management roles as well as dev roles at 18 years old!It will honestly be an experience you could neither forget nor regret. I could not recommend higher!(and no, maths is not important, just be logical and willing to learn)Read Less",le-wagon
"After completing a Business degree at University, I worked in software startups in London for several years in non-technical roles. I've always had an interest in web development but found it quite intimidating at first. During my time in software companies,... Read More I had the chance to work closely with software developers and found their day-to-day role fascinating and impressive. I had heard great feedback from a colleague who had completed Le Wagon a few years before and after reading many reviews online and watching a few demo-day videos I knew that Le Wagon was the right choice.My experience at Le Wagon really lived up to my expectations from start to finish. I have learnt more than I could have imagined during the bootcamp and have met some amazing people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experience. By the end of the 9-week course, you have all of the tools and knowledge you need to develop your own working application. The teachers are really what set Le Wagon apart from the rest, the teaching throughout was excellent and the staff are always enthusiastic and create a great learning environment. I would really recommend Le Wagon to anyone considering a career in tech!Read Less",le-wagon
From tge very beginning all tge teacher assistant and the driver of the course were really helpfull and supportive. At the end of the course all of them are always really supportive and always available to drive you through the next steps. The atmosphere... Read More during the course is amazing.Read Less,le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon in Milano from October until end December 2019 (9 weeks full stack course). The experience has been through and through enjoyable and most importantly really formative. The amount of stuff I learned during the 9 weeks, and what I was... Read More able to achieve, has deeply impressed me. It pushes you and oftentimes puts you out of your comfort zone, which is exactly key to finally start programming - not just learning about programming.I will always remember those crazy 9 weeks, the time both seem to compress and dilate at the same time: you find yourself having spent 10+ hours on exercises and another day has one by so quickly but in the meantime if you look back at day 1, it feels like you have grown into a new version of yourself and that months have gone by!Definitely recommended if you are looking to test yourself and give yourself an opportunity to learn a valuable skillset!Read Less",le-wagon
"Its been 5 years since I quit my job to be a full time mom. When I was deciding what to do next I was unsure where to begin. I was an application developer for many years before but was not confident if I would be able to pick it up from where I left... Read More off. I thought about other career options but kept coming back to what I enjoyed the most: developing exciting products and learning new technical skills to help me do that. Around this time I moved to Barcelona and was actively looking for ways to get started. Initially, I was applying for jobs and doing online trainings to test my abilities and upgrade my skills. I was neither getting any feedback nor learning much. I wanted to engage with like-minded people and look for places where I could be mentored. Thats when I came across Le Wagon Barcelona. It was the best rated coding schools and the alumni testimonials made my decision easier. During my first interview with the founder I was asked what do I expect from this bootcamp. I replied saying at this point I want to learn and absorb as much as possible. In the 9 weeks that followed thats exactly what happened. We spent less time on lectures and more time doing hands on exercises with mentors helping us every step of the way. Each day we worked with a new partner and this made us adapt to different working styles and also interact with them individually. Some days were harder making us question if we were doing enough. But when you work with a bunch of highly motivated individuals from various backgrounds you push yourself. And by the end of the course we were proudly presenting our product demos. The bootcamp was not about how much we did or how quick we were. It was for each one of us to commit ourselves to learn something new everyday and enjoy the process of coding. Isnt that always the best way to learn? This couldnt have been possible without all the teachers and mentors who made us believe we could do this. It feels like we are part of this big family who will be rooting for us to succeed in anything that we choose to do. I know I can always reach out to the alumni groups for advice and basically exchange ideas. Honestly, thats more than what I signed up for. Currently I am working with a friend on his startup TraininTech. It is a platform that helps companies train the key soft skills of their employees using an engaging solution. Users will not only be able to see the content but record their responses for realistic situations to get feedback and track their evolution. Going forward I plan to explore opportunities as a full stack developer and pursue my career goals.Read Less",le-wagon
"After three years of teaching science and math to high school students, I wanted to transition into a field where I could build on my technical skills to creatively solve problems. The Le Wagon Full Stack Development Bootcamp was a standout with its positive... Read More student reviews, well-structured curriculum and practical approach to learning. After 1 week of the Le Wagon course, I knew I had found the career and learning community for me. Over the next several weeks, every single person worked with unwavering determination and excitement to support their own and others' learning. This program has provided me with the skills, knowledge, and confidence to embark into this challenging and exciting field of creative problem solving and lifelong learning. All the knowledge and skills developed over the Bootcamp culminated with three intense project weeks. I had an idea to create an app to support teachers to support their students’ emotional and social wellbeing. In a small team of three, we designed, built and proudly presented our app Sammi (sammi.live) in front of ~250 people at a live demo event. Thank you Le Wagon London for an unforgettable and positive learning experience. I definitely recommend anyone interested in developing their technical skills in coding to learn with the amazing Le Wagon team and the students.Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently graduated from lewagon Batch-318 in London. I came into the course with already some experience in coding. Ruby was new to me and it was great diving into a new langue. Their interactive coding challenges are amazing. Ruby was quite intense... Read More - it's a lot that you learn in a very brief time. But even for the subjects that I already had experience, there always were interesting advanced challenges. With the buddy system you're every day paired up with another coding-buddy. Some days you guide someone through every step and some you try to follow someones pace. Most of the students came without any background in coding. But with the prep-work everyone was already at a good level. And all were keen on learning and have a passion for coding. There were lots of great social events. And a ongoing community supports you when you're stuck with your code.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was working as operations supervisor in a private aviation company. I liked my job, but quite often I felt like I wanted to do something more technical and have a job where I could constantly learn and improve my skills. So... Read More I decided to learn how to code!I joined Le Wagon in July 2019, and it was definitely one of the best decisions I made in my life. The learning experience was extremely challenging for me, but also a lot of fun. What really stood out for me, was this constant positive vibe coming from teachers, teaching assistants and everyone working at Le Wagon. Everyone was always very helpful, supportive and encouraging.During the final weeks, I was working together with 3 more people from our batch on the project that I pitched. It was a website where people could join environmental challenges, earn points for completing them and compete with their friends. It was a really challenging but extremely rewarding experience to work as a team to bring this idea to life. I definitely learned a lot during the last 2 weeks - everything we learned before really clicked during the final weeks (to be fair, all teachers were saying everything would click during project weeks, but I wasn't sure it would happen to me!) In the final day of the project weeks, I got to pitch our project at Google for Startups Campus, which was a really great experience too.What I really like about Le Wagon, is that you are still a part of the community even after you graduate. You are always welcome to come to all the events they host, to become a teaching assistant, to join for drinks, to connect with people from their global community via slack, etc.Finally, it is worth mentioning that 1.5 months after graduating, I got a job as a junior developer. Can't imagine this happening without Le Wagon :) If are still hesitating to join this bootcamp, do it, you will not regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"6 years ago, I came to London to study at a University a course my parents picked for me. I didn’t enjoy it, in fact I hated it. After graduation I spent years trying to find a job in the field I studied without success. Before Le Wagon I had been hopping... Read More from one dead-end job to another, trying to find the right fit. Last year I decided it was time to make a big move and start a career. I’ve always been drawn to technology and found a new interest in AI development. I then came across Le Wagon coding bootcamp and instantly felt it was the right path to follow. It’s a super intense course, and I really struggled in the first 3 weeks with the basics. I started to question/regret my decision, but the team of highly skilled teachers and teaching assistants always reminded me to “trust the process”.The more I heard this infamous quote the more I began to hate it. But then, in the 4th week it all ‘clicked’, and suddenly everything started to make sense. I was coding with less help from the teachers and felt smarter and empowered day by day. Finally, the project days came, where we were randomly allocated to form teams of 3-4 students. That’s when we utilised all of our new-found skills to create real web applications and deploy them on a server. For the final project, my team and I worked on a mental health support web application for students and teachers called Sammi (www.sammi.live). We created a fully functioning MVP in only 10 days! How crazy is that? After Demo Day, where we presented our app in front of circa 250 people at the Barbican Centre, we were given workshops on how to pimp our LinkedIn profiles and CV’s to boost our employability prospects. Trust me, I had a zero confidence in myself to find a job. They call it impostor syndrome. I was afraid due to prior experience with failed job interviews that I would never get a job. Six days later I had my first interview, and later that day they offered me the position. I started the next day and am currently working for a great start up. I’m still turning down interviews to this day, when just 3 months ago I couldn’t even get responses to my job applications, it’s nuts! I can’t recommend Le Wagon highly enough. It’s not just about the skills you get from the course. There’s also all the post course content, and life-time support from the entire community around the globe available to you anytime you need. But most importantly to me, it’s the life-lasting friendships I have made there. Those are priceless. I am forever grateful to you, for changing my life!-	David BelkaRead Less",le-wagon
"I came to Le Wagon to add coding to my skillset and find a job where I could use these skills. I heard of le Wagon from some friends that highly recommended it and wasn’t disappointed. In only 9 weeks I learned so much that I can confidently work as a... Read More full stack developer. The bootcamp was great, in terms of learning as the program was well structured, linking well lectures and exercises but also as an experience as I met incredible people and had a lot of fun. The staff was very friendly and competent, the TA’s were also supportive whenever you had a problem and made things very easy to understand. Finally the project weeks were a fantastic way of linking everything that we learned into a real website. Working for 3 weeks with the same team, bonding and achieving two complete websites was very fulfilling. I generally recommend Le Wagon to anyone who would want to work in that area or generally interested and curious about coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m Mathilde, I’m 30 years old. In my past life, I was a lead project for different digital agencies. As I was tired of discussing marketing debates all day long, I wanted to go deeper into tangible tech issues by learning how to code with Le Wagon. I... Read More liked it so much that I’m actually becoming a fullstack developer !Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm an internet professional with more than 10 years of experience in digital analytics, growth and product optimization.I've spent several years working for top tech start-ups in Barcelona; and last 3 launching my own projects working as a freelance... Read More and bootstrapping entrepreneur. I really wanted to learn the basics of coding in order to improve my working relationship with developers, as a big part of my duties include dealing with tech specs and working closing with them; and also to gain more independence when tackling my own projects. Le wagon has definitely been the perfect choice for me, as it allowed to dig deep into software development basics and get the fundamentals in order to be able to program my own digital products.It was also an amazing opportunity to get in touch with an amazing group of motivated and talented individuals during a nine weeks learning process.I'd definitely recommend it to anyone looking forward to adding this highly valuable skill-set to their abilities.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hey I am Alex, Before I joined Le Wagon for the 9-weeks bootcamp, I studied Business administration at a business school in Germany. During my studies I always wanted to learn coding but never found the time to do so. Therefore, I decided to apply for... Read More Le Wagon during my Gap Year, to close the gap between business and Tech. The nine week program really helped me to learn the fundamentals of coding from Scratch and build two complete products in a very short time. After the bootcamp I continued to work further on my Business background by doing an internship in a Private Equity firm, and I am planning to do an internship in a Tech company to apply the knowledge I learned at Le wagon.Le wagon was an experience of a Lifetime, I highly recommend it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I worked at several start-ups in non-technical roles, I had always worked closely with the software developers and was intrigued by their work so inevitably I took the plunge to learn how to code for myself. I absolutely loved... Read More my time at Le Wagon and the intensity of the learning experience, it really was from zero coding knowledge to being able to build fully-functioning web apps. The best part for me was the sense of satisfaction once ideas finally clicked into place and once the daily challenges had been completed. The teachers and teaching assistants were super patient and supportive and made the experience what it was, I feel very lucky to have had help from such talented teachers. I wish I could do the bootcamp all over again!Read Less",le-wagon
"Applying at Le Wagon Milan has been one of the best decisions I ever made.I applied while working a part-time job at a hotel, unsatisfied and at a loss on which direction to take for my future. I've always had a dormant interest in coding, but had no... Read More skills whatsoever and thought code was way out of my league.I was scared, since all of my skills while studying were in humanities, and thought my logic wasn't strong enough to endure all of the small implicacies in code. Le Wagon showed me that this wasn't the case at all.The course makes you instantly feel welcome, everyone is high energy and determined. The positivity is contagious, and while undeniably tough, I ended up waking up every morning with a smile on my face, eager to learn more.It doesn't matter what your starting point is, teachers are always patient and happy to help you, and the course is structured so you challenge yourself every day and learn. Nobody is left behind. It's the polar opposite of traditional schooling, as they make it a point to make you leave Le Wagon with two projects under your belt and able to make a website from scratch.All in all, Le Wagon has given me the tools to make a living as a developer, which is more than any other program has ever done for me.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from an IT Engineer school and a Business school, I worked for 7 years in a management consulting firm in Paris. My job was to manage IT projects in the main companies of Transportation and Energy sectors. After that, I decided to focus... Read More my career back to my technical skills and to become a web developer ! My wish was to work on the ""other side"" of the IT projects, and be part of the technical team that really designs and builds the applications. To this end, I followed the FullStack track at Le Wagon coding bootcamp in Paris between October and December 2019. I really enjoyed Le Wagon bootcamp. The lectures and tutorial classes are very well organized. The teachers and teaching assistants are always willing to help and to get all students to give the best of themselves. I really learned a lot during those 9 weeks, and also met great people !My wish is now to join a promising tech start-up as a back-end or full stack developer and to work on a product I believe in. Ideally, this start-up will be a fast-growing company dealing with great technical challenges and have a strong company culture.Read Less",le-wagon
"I spent my last summer at Le Wagon coding Bootcamp in Chengdu. It was an intensive and transformative 9 weeks that unlock my potential in programming. Throughout the Bootcamp, I paired up with fellow classmates to solve coding challenges every day and... Read More build our own application prototype starting from absolutely zero prior knowledge on web development. It was an amazing journey when I am looking back to have accomplished so much in a short 9 weeks. A unique module at the Chengdu campus was the experience of designing our WeChat mini-program. WeChat mini-program has gained popularity since it launched and has allowed programmers to realize their startup ideas reaping the benefit from the prevalence of WeChat in China. The WeChat mini-program module includes basic knowledge on wxml and wxss, the use of WeChat developer tool, as well as the logistics of setting up domain and cloud storage space in China. At the end of the Bootcamp, all our fellow classmates decided to build a mini-program for our final projects and it was a great success. I was an MBA student prior to joining the Bootcamp, and I aimed to create my startup one day. The experience at Le Wagon definitely helps me achieve my goal. The Bootcamp has helped me understand the technical parts so that I can communicate with other programming professionals without any language barriers. I have also accumulated some project management experience through cooperating with my teammates to create our own application in a tight timeframe. All of these were achieved through the help and patience of teachers at the Chengdu campus. A big thanks to them!Read Less",le-wagon
"I took the chance on Le Wagon based on reviews like these and the inspiring mindset of the students and Lausanne Driver that I met at an event. I was a truck driver looking to make a big change in career and had doubts that I would be taken seriously... Read More with just two months of courses but to my delight, Le Wagon gave me the tools I needed to succeed.The course is extremely well-curated. It is constantly updated to keep up with industry tech and best practices. The emphasis on practical knowledge meant that I was developing the skills I needed in a professional setting from first day of the couse to the last... and beyond.When I finished the course I decided to focus on incorporating Deep Learning into the skillset I had developed at Le Wagon. Thanks to the learning strategy and best practices ingrained in my in those 9 weeks I was able to go on learning on my own and only a few months later I have begun working on app development with a focus on Deep Learning at a startup here in Lausanne!Big Thanks to my fellow alumni, the staff, and the ineffable Lausanne Driver Thibault for making this possible.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Costin Dumitrescu and I just graduated from Le Wagon Coding Bootcamp. The past two months have changed me a lot on a personal plan. Besides the obvious which is that I can read and write code, make websites and do some web design, I grew up... Read More a lot on a personal level. It requires a lot of organization, motivation and the will to learn in order to make it to the end, but the satisfaction that comes when you see what are you able to do at the end of the nine weeks is incredible. At Le Wagon I have learned how to work with different people, organize myself and deal with situations that are not ideal (like in the corporate world when you do not like or agree with your colleague). There were many moments when I questioned myself if I understand the concepts and if yes, can I apply it after I graduate? The answer to all my doubts was "" YES, YOU CAN, JUST TRUST THE PROCESS"". This sentence that the teachers and staff are constantly repeating it is true. I could not believe it until later on when I did the first project and realized that I did it (not alone, with help from colleagues and teachers, but I finally connected the dots and understood the code and how the project was built). I would recommend to anyone to go to this Bootcamp because of the amazing worldwide community, awesome teachers and staff, and well-structured course.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before my experience in Le Wagon Paris. I was studying in a Communication School, ISCOM. I graduated with a UX Design Master degree this year however I’ve always enjoyed learning design and code. During my studies, I worked on many projects with my friends... Read More for fun : designing interfaces with only HTML/CSS, creating components with Sketch (not Figma yet) and exploring during hours Bechance, Dribbble and many other websites. During my last years in school, I had UX Design courses but never had the opportunity to practice how I wished. I was really frustrated and I told my friend “Why are we not working on concrete projects ? With interfaces, wireframes ... ?” However, I continued to learn code and design by myself. Then, I started my own communication agency, “MAKY”. One of my services is to create a website by using Wordpress. However, over time I realised that I had limitations due to my lack of skills in coding.That’s why I started to learn how to code and because I had always wanted to be a Webdesigner. I had always been attracted to beautiful colors, interfaces, components and all the graphic universe of a website. I got solid bases on standard languages : HTML/CSS and a bit of Javascript. But I had never learned how to create a web application like Airbnb, Uber … So, I promised myself that when I graduate, I would learn how to create a web application from scratch, the perfect solution for me was Le Wagon Paris. Le Wagon is famous for being the best coding bootcamp in the world.And I’m very happy with my decision. I really enjoyed the weeks I spent there, the courses, the environment and the teachers were amazing ! I strengthened my skills and gained new ones : manipulate a database, make a git command, write a script in Ruby, create a repository in GitHub, design wireframes &amp; prototyping which was my favorite part ! Thanks to this intensive bootcamp, I’m now able to respond to a growing demand from my clients, create a web application from scratch. I hope these new skills will help my agency reach another level. I also have other entrepreneurial projects around web applications. You will definitely hear about me really soon !Read Less",le-wagon
"Having just finished my second year at the University of Virginia, I had to choose a major. For the past 2 years I took multiples classes in a lot of areas such as economics, math, psychology. However none of them interested me enough to declare my major... Read More in any of these fields. I felt like I needed more time to decide so I took a sabbatical year to discover new domains. A domain that intrigued me a lot was coding. So I asked around me if anyone new something about coding. A friend of mine just finished Le Wagon in London and could not be more happy so I decided to try it for myself in Paris , it is only 9 weeks why not ?During those 9 weeks I felt a lot of stuff. I started to feel lost not knowing anything, anyone. After a few days, confused in how I was going to learn that many things in just 63 days. A week later surprised, I was actually learning and assimilating all the knowledge I was struggling with for 15 days. At the end of the batch, I felt relieved, thankful and excited. Relieved because I had finished the training, thankful because it was amazing and excited because it opened so many opportunities for my future. I learnt HTML CSS JS and Ruby on rails whilst working with a team in a safe environment, again in only 9 weeks.I have only one thing to say to Le Wagon : Thank you for everything you have done for us.Read Less",le-wagon
"Engaged in M&amp;A and investment banking activities since 1984, I launched Equitix in 2019, a fintech company dedicated to Private Equity fundraising. The aim is to raise private equity capital for small French companies, quicker and cheaper.I first joined... Read More Le Wagon in oct 2019, completed the 9 weeks webdev bootcamp (Paris Batch #321), and it was fun and intense, thanks to Le Wagon’s very well organized structure and the help of my coding mates.Besides HTML, JS, CSS, Ruby Rails, SQL..., with Le Wagon I discovered new solutions for Equitix business model, and decided to rethink its UX patterns.The quality of the teachings and management at Le Wagon, made me sign for the next 9 weeks Data Science bootcamp that starts in April 2020, with the aim to better understand how to integer data management, ML and AI tools in Equitix DNA.Antoine Fillet, 63 - CEO Equitix Momentum SASRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a code school which focuses on enabling creative people to build real world applications that can solve business problems. They give you the skills to make the shift into a new career or start your own tech business.The program is an intense... Read More 9 week course in which students could be studying and coding more than 10 hours from Monday to Friday (though the Chengdu program also had some extra Saturday classes for learning about WeChat mini programs). Each day begins with a lecture on a given topic and a series of challenges to complete using your new knowledge with a buddy from your cohort. Teachers are on hand to give world class support, though Le Wagon prepares you very well for post program coding by giving a step-by-step process by which students should go through in order to solve any problem. For example, first read error messages, read documentation, google search for answers, work with classmates, and then ask teachers for help.For me the best part of the program was the final two weeks of the program where all of the hours put into learning finally culminates in a final project. Each student should pitch a tech product idea and we team up working in a problem-solving-start-up-like environment which is really exciting; this is particularly so when your idea should be presented to a large crowd on demo day! There is a great sense of community build among the teams, with a truly practicable introduction to the tech industry by creating your first ever product in such a short period of time.Le Wagon has a strong identity and world class alumni meaning it is a great way to further your career and find jobs circulated within the online community. I'd recommend it to anyone who is curious about tech and looking for a challenge!Read Less",le-wagon
"Freshly graduated in business engineering and marketing, I joined the French tech a few years ago with a focus on growth marketing. I quickly grew frustrated by my limited knowledge of web development and decided to challenge myself by expanding my growth... Read More hacking skills with Le Wagon.I started with basic knowledge in SQL, HTML, and Python but most importantly a furious need to build stuff by myself!After only 9 weeks, thanks to an INCREDIBLE staff and fantastic teaching, not only have I learned coding in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, and Ruby on Rails but I also grasped the main concerns and constraints of IT &amp; Product teams.I am now capable of building my own projects from design to hosting and this represents a huge asset for anyone who wants to work in tech companies.Now, the only issue I have is to choose among all the different opportunities of career paths opened by LeWagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Cedrik Razafimanantsoa and I successfully completed the Bootcamp at Le Wagon Paris on December 2019, batch 320.Before Le Wagon, I worked as French Community Manager for World of Warcraft and other games at Blizzard Entertainment for 9 years.... Read More I worked with Html and CSS regularly, but I never learnt how to build a website from scratch.Last year I decided to do a reconversion as a web developer and I looked for advice. An experienced web developer at Blizzard pointed me to Le Wagon, as he did a similar bootcamp years ago. He convinced me this was the best place to learn coding and I am now convinced it was a very good choice.With the knowledge I acquired there, I have the feeling that a new career is possible for me. I am also confident that I can continue my learning on my own, to hone my coding skills and to learn new technics. Knowing Web developer skills is a perfect complement to my experience as community manager.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I worked in the music industry as an audio engineer in Los Angeles. I spent most of my time in a recording studio, working with different types of artists. Though I had fulfilled a goal that I was working towards for many years,... Read More it was apparent that I was ready to apply my creativity in a different way. On my search for my next calling, I came upon coding. Just by making a simple HTML page with a bit of CSS, I knew how much power lie within coding. I knew it was something I had to take seriously.I began looking into coding bootcamps. Being from the states, the coding bootcamp market was quite saturated and dense. It’s tuition price tag was no joke. I began looking abroad and Le Wagon came up as the top school. They had a location in my favorite city, Barcelona. It was also half the cost of the top bootcamps in the states. I decided it was a good chance to gain a skill in a beautiful city. Now, 9 intensive weeks, two finished and shipped products later, I can confirm that it is a truly life changing experience. Joining Le Wagon is like being welcomed into a family. It is established on day one that once you’re in, it is the culture to achieve together. It made being in a foreign city, where I don’t speak the language, feel more like home. The most valuable thing I gained from going through Le Wagon is being able to work alongside a team. Completing a project from nothing to a shipped product in two weeks with just 4 team member is intense. It almost seemed impossible. But at some point, I just learned to trust my team members and the process of the bootcamp. That experience of compromise and negotiation when working with people from all different backgrounds is what gave me confidence when applying for jobs.Read Less",le-wagon
"After getting an MFA in Ecole des Beaux Arts de Paris, I started developing personal projects while working as a registrar in galleries and museums in Paris. I then became a trainer for TechShop Paris, a fablab based in Station F, teaching laser-cutting,... Read More 3D-printing and CNC-embroidery for 2 years. All this time, I tried to learn some code for both professional and personal projects, but without really controlling what the output would be.. I learned bits of Java for an Android App and some parts of Python for a facial recognition-based art installation.  In 2019, I took the decision to enroll to Le Wagon, Paris and learn Ruby on Rails, PostgreSQL, Javascript, HTML and CSS. The nine weeks program was intense and fast-paced. My mind went from “OMG I’m never gonna finish this alive” to “Ha ! That was (sort of) easy !”. Only three weeks after getting certified, I started working for the French State Startup program, developing a full platform in Rails for one of them !Read Less",le-wagon
"After my engineering studies and during my 6-year experience of Quality Assurance in Construction, my career was mostly management-oriented. I felt frustrated at times for things that I was unable to do with an Excel sheet, or when, due to a lack of a... Read More database, different departments did not spread information correctly.Long story short, I wanted to learn more about web app conception after realizing the technical limitations in a large organization taking care of major projects. I heard about Le Wagon at this time of my career when I needed some change, and now that I attended, I still cannot believe how well organized and benevolent the staff was, and how much I have learned in less than 3 months. The group of students was of diverse background, but all bonded over the excitement of learning to code. I chose to be a freelance developer during the bootcamp, which I can only recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Bali has been an amazing experience. I did not expect to be able to build the products we did after only 9 weeks of coding. The The digital ""KIT"" platform benefits from over 300 batches of finetuning, and has tons of materials to further explore... Read More after the 9 week program. The group of students was very diverse, but all bonded quickly over the excitement of becoming a developer. The teachers were experienced, patient and overall super friendly.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before attending Le Wagon bootcamp, I was managing a team within an Investment Bank. I have an engineer background and have always been interested in tech. When I decided to leave the bank, I started my new activities by Le Wagon 2-month Web dev bootcamp.... Read More My goal was to understand the architecture of the largest Web apps and to learn the basics of coding.Le Wagon has very high standards in terms of quality of the courses, availability of the teachers, and community building. They have iterated the bootcamp many times now and the format is really optimised. Plus people there are nice, competent and available.Le Wagon will enable me to be part of more innovative projects in the tech industry.Read Less",le-wagon
"我在去年七月加入了Le Wagon成都9个星期的bootcamp，当时我离大学本科毕业还有一年，急于寻找投行以及金融业的实习，但是害怕不会成功于是就报名了沃耕想要充实一下自己的hard skill。我了解到沃耕首先是在伦敦和欧洲，后来偶然发现中国大陆也有，机缘巧合去了成都。现在想起来那九个礼拜像是一眨眼过的飞快，在开头的三个星期学完了cs大学生第一年学的内容，我的整个大脑的信息更新从来没有这么快过，以致于九个礼拜里狂吃都瘦了七八斤，那九个礼拜是我人生到现在，成长速度最快的一段时间。最重要的是，在吸收大量信息的同时，有超级无敌耐心和聪明的助教和老师陪伴左右，有任何问题他们都会引导你去解决，而不是直接告诉你答案，他们会让你意识到很多看似困难的思维过程我们只是需要一些引导，一切都会变得很敞亮。不得不说我非常的累，但是无比的快乐。我在成都的batch里只有十一个人，所以享有的教育资源是相对于上海更有优势的，因为我们每天都有一个manager，... Read More 一个老师再加上一个tutor的陪伴左右，从早上九点到有时候晚上九点的live code，我会开始质疑自己的毅力，但是坚持下来的每一天我都会庆幸自己的这个决定。以前一直认为编程是一个迷，以为编程对自己来说可能难度会比较大，事实上它是一种全新的思维方式，我开始对后端编程（Ruby和Python类似的后端编程语言）展现出来非常大的兴趣，以致于改变了我对未来职业的规划。原本我打算读关于金融工程或者数据方向的研究生，但是也因为自己本科是经济和金融并没有一些编程基础而犹豫不决，仅仅一两年的金融课程是否能让我在未来职场中胜出。但是在沃耕度过了九个礼拜以后我完全消除了这种顾虑，我和一些cs本科毕业生或许只差了一些算法课程，通过两个礼拜编写我们自己的软件事实上我或许还有更多了实际经验。在训练营中间以及将尽之际，manager Allen和我们每个学员进行了非常仔细的沟通，希望我们提出意见以及是否有他能为我们做更多的地方。我大胆地提出了我关于我研究生方向上的一些疑问，谁能想得到Allen以前竟然是加州大学伯克利数据科学研究生项目的招生官，于是他就给了我很多有用的意见，我在参加项目之前的一些疑惑，不确定已经完全消除了，我从来没有觉得人生的方向这样的确定和明朗过。对我个人成长方面来讲，在参加沃耕之前我是一个不爱说话并且对公共场合演讲相对胆怯的一个人，但是沃耕让我勇敢的踏出了那一步，因为每天我们都会有buddy在一起coding，并且在最后两个project week我们几乎会和组员一起度过日夜，需要随时随地的交流沟通合作。每周好几天我们都会在晚上livecode结束后一起聚餐have fun，it is the kind of bond I have never felt before, and sometimes i really wish time could bring me back. Such a fantastic experience, I hope I can do it all over again x.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I used to work in sports marketing area. After a while I decided to change my career and focus on programming. Signing up for an on-line course, I was intending to learn it by myself. That time I used to live in Australia though and could... Read More not afford to stop working for a couple of months and focusing just on coding. I was seeking for other solutions then. In the meantime, a friend of mine has just finished a Le Wagon bootcamp in Berlin. Telling me how a great experience it was, she convinced me almost straight away. I would totally recommend Le Wagon bootcamp to anyone who is looking for interesting and effective way of learn how to code. Le Wagon is not only about studying. It is more about amazing community and great people who are always eager to help any time at any stage. The great thing about the teaching system was that at the end of the bootcamp our task was to build a real product going through the whole process: prototyping, designing, developing, presenting. Additionally, working in a team and a buddy-system gave us a solid team work experience. After the bootcamp I feel well-equipped and ready to get into the job market. Once you get into Le Wagon community, you'd probably stick to it for a loooong time :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Learning how to code is not something easy!It was a very big challenge to me and all the Le Wagon team were amazing during the entire process, not only teaching.In 3 weeks we have the opportunity to work in teams, so we can feel how it is working in real... Read More life!I would definitely take the course again, I learned a lot. I actually enjoyed to code,I’m sure because of the beautiful experience I had at Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
介绍一下自己的背景，美国UW Madison本科毕业，本科专业是电子工程和计算机，由于大学里面实习和实践都投入到了电子工程上面，计算机软件的那些知识和认知停留在大学的基础理论知识上面，没有网络开发的经验和全栈开发的能力。所以希望在le wagon快速教导下，熟悉整个现代规范开发的流程和学习相应的技能。总的来说，le wagon教学水平达到甚至超过美国前50的一些学校，特别是个体的关注度非常高，这点是在美国大学没有的体验。我于2018年8月在成都的Le Wagon完成了为期9周的训练营。该课程教授Ruby，HTML，CSS，Bootstrap，JavaScript，SQL，git，GitHub，Heroku等网络技能，以及如何将所有内容与Ruby... Read More on Rails框架结合在一起进行完整的全栈开发。毕业生能够构建Web应用程序，包括后端，前端和托管以及微信小程序的开发框架。此外，该程序涉及重要方面，例如团队开发，测试，开发运营和设计。更学会了当一个产品经理所需要的必要的技能。训练营远远超出了我的期望，特别是在所教授的实践技能的广度和深度方面。每天早上，我们都会进行两个小时的讲座，然后是独立学习的挑战，您可以在其中与学生伙伴交流想法，或者在需要时从助教那里获得帮助。在一天结束时，将有live code的挑战，即一个学生到大屏幕上面现场编码，其他同学一起帮助他，大家一起完成一个编程挑战。我最喜欢该程序遵循的方法论和教学方法。尤其是通过游戏化方法可以完美应对日常挑战。定期的成功保持了很高的动力，并且我每天感觉都过得很快。坐标成都，真的很感谢带我们那一期的老师，真的非常有耐心和责任感来帮助我们，每天我们都有一大堆问题去问他，没有偷懒的学生，老师比学生还要勤快，每天的讨论络绎不绝，我可以100％推荐Le Wagon训练营作为全栈Web开发亲自程序。Read Less,le-wagon
"I have five years of experience in marketing, especially in web marketing.Through my work, I met and worked with developers helping to createwebsites and e-shops / marketplaces.So this is an area that I knew, but which remained at the same time obscure... Read Moreand confusing. For a long time, I thought it would take years and a degree tobe able to develop your own code. It was by talking with friends about thisdomain that I understood that it was accessible, even by me.I understand what's behind a website or e-shop, but I wanted to learn the toolto create and modify it myself. So I finally took the plunge and got trained in""Le Wagon"" coding bootcamp. It was 9 intensives weeks. We learned every daynew concepts with a great and friendly team. The icing on the cake was the finalproject. We built an application only in two weeks. Incredible but true. Thisbootcamp is also an incredible human adventure and I am proud to be part ofit. If I had to go back in time, I would not hesitate to start again a new session.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 4 years working for Ubisoft, I understood that developing a game has a lot to do with Product Management; defining players needs, rationalizingtechnological choices, and of course setting up an efficient daily production routine. However I was still... Read More feeling frustrated when interacting with developpers, as I was lacking technical knowledge. That’s why I decided to follow the Full Stack bootcamp of Le Wagon. Not only I was amazed by the quality of the lessons, but it also allowed me to get to know the Parisian tech ecosystem better, thanks to the events they regularly organize. I have to admit I was a bit skeptical about the “change your life” tagline, but 2 months later I have to admit they were right; On top of making new friends and integrating a strong community passionated about dev and products, I’m currently developping a new app with some friends from my batch.Read Less",le-wagon
"I didn't know anything about code, so that was something completely new and different from everything I've done in my life before. I'm graduated in Biological Sciences and I was not happy about my career, so I decided to change completely what I was doing.... Read MoreI attended to the batch #330, in the end of the year. I was so glad that they have a Le Wagon in my home city, so I wouldn't have to spend more money moving to a different city, at the same time I would have the opportunity to practice English and meet people from different countries. In my opinion learning to code in English is super important. Learning how to code is not something easy, it was a very big challenge to me and all the Le Wagon team were amazing during the entire process, not only teaching. They have a lecture during the morning, every day and after that we spend all day practicing and the teachers are there all day long to assist the students. One thing that is nice for me is that we always do the challenges with one classmate, so we can think together about the solutions and share our point of view about the challenges. In the last 3 weeks we have the opportunity to work in teams, so we can feel how it is working in real life, it was also nice to use GitHub in a team and at the end we have two projects to our portfolio.  I would definitely take the course again, I learned a lot.  I actually enjoyed to code, probably because of the experience I had at Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Joined in Le Wagon coding bootcamp is the best decision I've made in 2019. I tried online courses before,it's hard to make consistent progress. And when I got stuck, it's hard to solve the problems. The curriculum framework of Le Wagon was well designed.... Read More Morning lectures were just one and half hour, the other time of the day was full of challenges which helped us to use what we learned. It's quite difficult when I tried to solve the challenge by myself. But when you have more chance to make mistakes which means you have more chance to really understand what you're learning. These challenges helped me to build a good habit to think in a programmer's way. We had plenty of chances to practice building products in teams. This special part helped us to learn not only coding skills but also how to cooperate with team members. It feels so good to see my own idea became a real product. In our batch, I was the only student who had no oversea experience. That means I've never worked or studied in an English speaking environment. At the beginning, I was quite nervous. But with the unconditional support from our teachers, TAs, and classmates, I could always find a way to solve my problems or obstacles. To my surprise, all of those supports didn't end after I graduated. Le Wagon helped us to set up goals after the bootcamp. And offer tremendous resources for further study or job seeking. The alumni community is so amazing! This is the best environment to start your coding journey!Hope more and more fabulous people join in our big family!Read Less",le-wagon
"在加入Le wagon 之前，我就对编程有着较浓厚的兴趣，为了去寻求进一步的编程上的扩展，于是我在老师的推荐下了解到了Le wagon, 并且被其与实践结合 - 在项目结束后完成属于自己的Wechat小程序 以及 多元的课堂（拥有来自各个国家的学生和老师） - 而深深吸引。 亲自体验过后，我所收获到的甚至于远超过其所宣传的！在一个拥有来自五湖四海同学的班上，在一个年龄层次跨越极大的班上，我首先收获的是多元开放的文化，语言氛围。其次从专业学习上来说，从Ruby，JavaScripts，到CSS等，从基础，从数据库，从网站设计，短短的几周中，我们几乎囊括了编程世界的大部分内容。或许你会为此吃惊，难以置信，但事实如此！这里的老师有的是专业的程序员，有的是从bootcamp毕业转型的程序员，作为经历过从小白到精通的过程，拥有实际的工作经历的他们，他们知道，什么是最有用的，怎么样学习是最高效的！每天我最享受的时间除了上课，就是课后的完成challenges的时间，独特的完成模式... Read More - 与每天的buddy合作 - 通过交流，我能及时解决不会的问题，甚至能碰撞出新的思维！我不会觉得枯燥，这种合作也让我体会到交流的快乐（甚至极大的帮助了我的英语）。最难忘的经历应该是与团队一起合作开发我们自己的小程序吧。在这个过程中，我们不光只是一个编程的学习者，更感觉是一个真正的工程师，真正在用我们的力量给世界渗透着积极的影响。从设计名字，UI，程序设计，demo day在无数观众面前的展示，我感觉自己有一种专业工程师的感觉，我感觉自己真正开始深入编程的世界了！作为一个高中生，这个项目让我热爱编程，并确定了自己的专业方向。如果你渴望用此机会更改职业道路，我也十分推荐Le wagon！我的同学们, 多数都已找寻新方向，新职业为目标加入Le wagon，并且事实证明他们也做到了！Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was studying business management. I wanted to learn how to code to get a better understanding of the tech world on the technical side (not only on the commercial side).I was surprised by how much this bootcamp allowed me to achieve.... Read More And same for all the students of my class, even those who were the less confortable with coding at the beginning.In 9 weeks you really get to understand how to code a project with a dev team from A (thinking about the idea, brand etc.) to Z (hard coding the project, splitting the tasks etc.) I would do it again without hesitating. If engaging the program, I would recommend you to attend very carefully the preparation program (before the bootcamp starts). It makes a huge difference. Be also aware that it is a very demanding program.2 cons to finish and nuance : - Be aware that after the bootcamp, if you stop coding, you might forget a lot because your knowledge is not yet fixed in your brain (although you could access online material whenever you want)- There was a huge gap in the level of the different teaching assistants, some of them where less able to help.Read Less",le-wagon
"After obtaining a MSc in Finance, Banking and Insurance in London and a Master in Risk Management and Insurance in Paris I decided to be a part of the 9-week coding program at Le Wagon (October session) in Paris. It was during my bachelor that I was first... Read More given the opportunity to learn the basics to some programming languages such as HTML, CSS. Not only did I enjoy myself while coding but I also realized how it was going to benefit me as the Insurance market was just starting to digitalize. Thanks to Le Wagon not only do I feel accomplished in my coding practice but also confident now applying for Product Manager positions in leading insurtech and fintech. Beyond the very complete pedagogic plan and the performant tools at our disposal, Le Wagon offer an amazing experience with support, lot of events, a pleasant atmosphere and a great community of “Wagonners” ready to help you at any time! I really recommend this program and hope you will enjoy it as much as I did!Read Less",le-wagon
"After several years working in Data Analytics and Digital Media, I was looking to make a career change. I started by study via free online courses and soon decided that I needed a more structured learning environment to progress to the level of Web Developer.... Read More Since I live in the U.S., I started by researching local coding bootcamps. I was introduced to Le Wagon after I learned of two friends who had completed the bootcamp in Berlin and Madrid. These friends were a huge resource and helped me in making my decision to enroll.Many people were curious why I chose an international coding bootcamp. I was drawn to Le Wagon for the opportunity to work alongside classmates from across the globe. Having had experience working in Spain, the Barcelona program seemed to be a natural fit. The bootcamp started even before I arrived in Spain, with several hours of prep work. I was immediately drawn to the coursework and was eager to put what I was learning into practice. Thankfully, the format began with lectures to learn the days topic, followed by challenges to put what we'd learned into practice. The bootcamp curriculum allowed for us to be introduced to new concepts and really understand each subject matter. The teachers and teaching assistants were always available to help and support students along the way. In the final weeks, we leveraged all of the skills we'd learned to build a clone of Airbnb and our own web-based application. It truly is incredible how much we accomplish in just 9 weeks! Finally, after the program students have access to all lectures and coding challenges as well as a community of over 6,000 fellow alumni, teachers and staff. This network offers resources and support for navigating the job market post-bootcamp. I'm excited to see what's next for me as I continue to learn and land my first job in web development.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you're thinking about bootcamps in general, or Le Wagon in particular, you're probably wondering is the realty far from the truth? Well I am a real person, and Le Wagon worked for me. It worked out better than I could have possibly hoped. I have a... Read More bachelors degree in hospitality management and worked for a decade in the industry before realising i needed a change. Discovering code has changed my life .I wrote my first line of code about 5 months before I was admitted to Le Wagon Barcelona. The bootcamp was very intensive and demanding. It really pushed me forward and made me step out of my comfort zone and safe to say the most rewarding learning experience of my life.. Le Wagon Barcelona provided an amazing learning environment with people from all around the globe along with amazing teachers and TAs. They are very supportive, understanding of your problems and helpful and overall very generous with their time and talent. They have taught us how to think like a software engineer, how to quickly learn and use new concepts and skills, and how to collaborate as a team on fast-moving, complex projects. That skillset will always be desirable. This goes to show that the program is not about carving out web devs with a narrow set of technical skills or orientated only to those who wish to become a developer, but to those entrepreneurs who wish to begin their own startups, future product owners and digital nomads. Le Wagon is like a home away from home for people who are willing to take a pretty stunning leap of faith in themselves. We left our jobs, moved across the country (some of us, at least, including me), and invested a good chunk of money into a form of education knowing there will be no degree or guaranteed job waiting for us when we're done. Le Wagon is an opportunity, but you have take advantage of it by giving it everything you've got. I took that leap of faith, and it was one of the best decisions I've ever made.The whole experience changed my life. Met really interesting people. Made good friends. Learned awesome skills. And left with two projects as portfolio. In the end we leave as junior developers with a good amount of skills to help us keep improving. Safe to say the only obstacle standing in the way of changing your life is your self.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been a Product Manager for 3 years prior to joining Le Wagon Paris in fall 2019 and wanted to improve my technical skills to be able to communicate better with developers and therefore be a better PM.I've loved every part of the fullstack bootcamp... Read More and couldn't be happier with my experience there. The pedagogy is the best I've ever known, everyone from complete novice to more experienced student gets to learn and progress every day and the whole staff is very supportive and does everything to make you feel proud of yourself at the end of each day. I also really appreciated the multiple events organized during the bootcamp (conferences, career nights, afterworks and parties) as it allowed me to bind with awesome people from various backgrounds. I've had many job offers for product positions right after Le Wagon without applying anywhere so I'd say it's a very good addition to any resume!Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon Paris in fall 2019 and it was one of the best decisions I ever made.Before that I was a translator for 9 years at my own company. I enjoyed my job but I needed more challenges… and that’s what I found at Le Wagon!The bootcamp is extremely... Read More well organized; everything is designed so that you learn a lot in only 9 weeks without ever feeling lost. The teachers and teaching assistants are always willing to help and to get all students to give the best of themselves, whatever their coding level is (I had never coded before).I am now looking for a job as a web developer and, although I am aware of the fact that I am still junior, I feel I have the basic skills, the method and the network (and the motivation!) that will enable me to thrive in this new step of my career.Read Less",le-wagon
"After I graduated from Finance and Marketing I worked for several companies in financial areas and then I specialized in Digital Marketing and I have been working as a consultant since then. I realized I wanted to become a full-stack developer in order... Read More to improve my skills and work as a developer. After looking for several bootcamps, I chose Le Wagon and it was the best decision I could ever make! The program is really well structured, the teachers are highly skilled, the assistants are extremely helpful and you really learn to code every single day. I didn’t have any coding experience before and I can say that I have learned so much during those 9 weeks and I’m really grateful to all the team of Le Wagon. The staff is just amazing and you get a very useful alumni network for life! The experience was amazing and I recommend it to everyone who is interested in becoming a full-stack developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had just graduated from university when I attended Le Wagon Paris. By far it was my favourite academic curriculum and one of the most enjoyable human experiences I’ve ever had. From the first day the staff knew my name, my background and how to make... Read More me work. They’ve always managed to guide me through every single step of the bootcamp. I never felt alone, without their excellent follow-up I would have abandoned undoubtedly.I got my job as a product owner thanks to their reputation and I still spend my week nights and Saturdays coding thanks to the enthusiasm they passed on me.I still go there every Friday to spend some time with the lovely staff and my former classmates. In addition of being a very comfy place where I always feel welcome, it is an excellent path to build one’s professional network.Read Less",le-wagon
"To be honest, I, as an engineering graduate, used to hate programming since university, I did not get the support and time to drill into the course work. The 9-week fullstack program shows you a bigger picture in the web development world, e.g. front-end,... Read More back-end, database, then it gives you the freedom and support to feel and choose how to go on with your career. The instructors are very helpful and supportive throughout the whole journey, and I can feel the achievement after developing an actual application within 2-weeks time.Alumni network is another perks joining Le wagon, my course was taught in Shanghai China but my batchmates were from all over the world e.g. Europe, US etc, and so you can imagine the diversity of the Alumni network. In addition, I am connected to the alumni network globally after graduation, which would help me to continuously learn and to look for free lance job too.I would highly recommend Le wagon if you want to join the tech world and their community, which is invaluable compared with the knowledge.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm a bachelor in engineer that was unhappily working in marketing until january 2019 when I finally decided to change my carrer path and go after something that made more sense for me.A friend of mine told about the world of coding and how he thought... Read More would really suit me, he also told about Le Wagon. After searching a bit and talking to other people I decided to enroll. That was easily one of the best decisions I've ever made. From the classes that focused a lot on doing it ourselves instead of theory to the teachers and TAs that were always willing to go the extra mile to help us, I not only learned a lot but also got a world of opportunities to choose from. Le Wagon not only teaches you all the tools you need to begin trailing your path but also gives you all the tools to go after it not only in your country but the world.All in all, I loved it and recommend anyone that is giving a thought about pursuing this path to do it too!Read Less",le-wagon
"I loved being part of Le Wagon batch #330 in Rio de Janeiro! I am a formed engineer but inspired on learning how to code to change the job opportunities I have right now. I had a good recommendation from a friend, and now I have no doubt it was the right... Read More choice! It is awesome the way the Le Wagon crew treat the students, not only teaching, but helping everybody to achieve the goals in only nine weeks. And the teaching system is very intense, but with enough time to do the exercises and relax before the next one. Excellent!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I studied at le wagon Barcelona in autumn 2019. My background was mainly digital marketing and growth hacking which meant that I spent most of my career finding innovative ways to connect users with innovative digital products. However, I always felt... Read More like something was missing... I needed to have more control over the products i was working on, I wanted to create my own products... That's why I decided to do le Wagon, and I wasn't disappointed.The learning curve in 9 weeks is impressive, I am now able to create complex web applications and give life to my ideas. I also improved one of my favorite skills, Design. The ambiance at the school is really motivating, like a big family we all struggle through the 9 weeks while helping each other and filling the room with energy and creativity. I can't recommend enough the Bootcamp and the staff working there.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon Barcelona right after graduating from a three years’ bachelor in Business.I decided to learn to code as it is a very valuable skill to have in the business field. I was also attracted by the creative aspect and all the challenges that... Read More come with it.At first I was not sure how much I would like coding and if I would want to fully pursue it but I knew that either way I would use it to my advantage no matter the path I would choose to follow after finishing the bootcamp.Le Wagon was really an eye opener. I enjoyed every day of the bootcamp and Le Wagon Barcelona’s team made it very special as they were all very kind, patient and open minded. I also had a great time getting to know my teammates and working with them. Meeting people of such diversity was very enriching.After finishing Le Wagon I can finally say that I have enjoyed coding so much that I will be looking for a job as a web developer. Le Wagon has helped me to know what I want to do with my life, I could not be more thankful to have been part of this adventure.Read Less",le-wagon
"Just want to start with that Le Wagon was fantastic. Before I joined Le Wagon, I completed my first year at the uni. I studied Electronic Business and worked alongside. After my first year, I had not learned enough of programming. I had only learned the... Read More theory and hadn’t had a chance to practice. I started looking online for a course where I could learn by doing, which I could take in the summer break, and there I found Le Wagon. It was rated #1 and the batch I joint in Oslo lasted all summer which was perfect for me. I signed up with very little, or almost no prior knowledge of IT. The 9 weeks at Le Wagon were amazing and what I managed to create was and is incredible. We created an app which breaks down all your youtube history and presents it in a structured, visual way. We did this with only 7 weeks of intense learning and 2 weeks of working on the project. It is normal to start wondering during the course of the bootcamp if this was worth it, it’s difficult and frustrating at times, but you soon realize how much you learn in a really short time. The gap in my knowledge between day 1 of Le Wagon and our Demo Day is huge and I really liked the overall experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Just want to start with that Le Wagon was fantastic. Before I joined Le Wagon, I completed my first year at the uni. I studied Electronic Business and worked alongside. After my first year, I had not learned enough of programming. I had only learned the... Read More theory and hadn’t had a chance to practice. I started looking online for a course where I could learn by doing, which I could take in the summer break, and there I found Le Wagon. It was rated #1 and the batch I joint in Oslo lasted all summer which was perfect for me. I signed up with very little, or almost no prior knowledge of IT. The 9 weeks at Le Wagon were amazing and what I managed to create was and is incredible. We created an app which breaks down all your youtube history and presents it in a structured, visual way. We did this with only 7 weeks of intense learning and 2 weeks of working on the project. It is normal to start wondering during the course of the bootcamp if this was worth it, it’s difficult and frustrating at times, but you soon realize how much you learn in a really short time. The gap in my knowledge between day 1 of Le Wagon and our Demo Day is huge and I really liked the overall experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"An organized school with great staff. The pace was a bit too fast for me, but I had zero web coding experience before this adventure. A course that makes you work hard, prepares you better for the market and where I met great people! Warmly recommended!... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
"Before taking this step, I was at a certain stage in my life where the future looked so shaky. I didn't know what next to do in order to attain professional growth. Le Wagon (Rio de Janeiro) #Batch330 was such a great experience for me. The curriculum... Read More was great, staff were awesome. Le Wagon is like one big family which i am now a member. I feel more confident about the future now.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to do Le Wagon London (Batch 318), because I had experienced some programming before through my undergraduate degree in maths, but it was largely scientific and procedural - no hope for anything commercial. Having worked in and around the tech... Read More industry, but not in product, I saw Le Wagon as my opportunity to do a “mini tech MBA” of sorts!I was in between jobs with a few months to spare and took the leap. The experience exceeded any expectations I had. I’ve always criticised institutionalised learning, and Le Wagon has been the first educational program that really stood out for me. The quality of teaching is enhanced by the fact that most if not all teachers and teaching assistants are past students so they know exactly what you’re going through as a non-coder, why concepts might seem unusual and they are teachers who have empathy. I felt very well supported throughout the program and the teachers are so passionate - they want you to ask questions and they give you their time and attention.The syllabus is really well delivered through Kitt, Le Wagon’s in-house learning platform. It supports the entirety of the bootcamp, day to day with lectures, challenges and live-codes all living on Kitt with access to it for life - another reason why it feels like a “modern MBA”, because you have access to their lifelong learning, events and the alumni network. If you love well structured and organised things, you are in for a treat.Le Wagon London made learning to code into an achievable experience and I’m very glad to have met my co-bootcampers and the teachers. It is work, and you get out of it what you put into it, but you also have a lot of fun and make friends along the way - you feel like you’re part of a community.I could not recommend Le Wagon highly enough. If I could give my younger self some advice a couple of years ago, I would have said not to overthink it and go for it with Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before attending Le Wagon Barcelona, I was working in the IT department for an accountancy firm. I’d wanted to transition into a career in web development for a while, and thought working in an IT department would get me closer to that. I found Le Wagon... Read More soon after starting full-time work, and set my sights on it immediately. What appealed to me was being able to learn transferable skills and industry-standard languages/frameworks, allowing me to work for either myself or within a company, and Le Wagon offered that.Le Wagon provided me with the tools needed for me to build a career in a field I am excited about. I feel comfortable in everything I was taught at the bootcamp, and feel as though I have a great platform to expand my knowledge going forward. A world of job opportunities has opened up for me, and I have even had companies come to me, instead of me to them. I couldn’t recommend Le Wagon enough!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was active as an entrepreneur and working in startups. There, my tasks were always business related as I studied Economics &amp; Business Administration. I was working a lot on spreadsheets, presentations and spent a lot of time in meetings.... Read More The part I loved most was building the strategy and business model as well as trying to find the next investor.Even though, I loved the strategizing, one thing always bothered me. For each and every idea I had, may it be within the current startup or for a new one, I never could start myself. There was always an IT guy missing. I wanted to be able to build at least prototypes of these ideas and communicate what I want with the developers. This was the first reason to learn how to code.The second reason was that I want to be able to define the future. For that, I felt the need to understand what is actually possible with technology. What can I expect from the developers? What business models and ideas are actually doable? And which way is a good one to go there?Last, but not least, what brought me to Le Wagon was that I also wanted to learn to build products, not just features. I wanted to figure out how you can go from zero to a product that people actually want. And especially how to do it quick.To conclude, the urge of understanding tech made my decision to learn coding and to learn it at Le Wagon.So, now, I’m job hunting. Coding was so much fun, that I want to do it professionally and learn a lot more. However, I’m pretty open as I would love to combine my newly adapted dev skills as well as my passion for creating and strategy. First, I am going to apply in some startups or bigger companies so that there hopefully is someone who can mentor me a bit. And after some month / years I want to go back founding an own company from an idea that I validate during the job. So, right now I‘m creating my own portfolio page with the two projects from the bootcamp as well as another own small app, apply a lot and work on my dev skills.What really helped me to get the confidence to apply for dev jobs was, especially, our final project at Le Wagon: Shuffle (shuffle-jobs.com), an tinder-like app to connect you with the right companies in a matter of minutes to find your next dream job! Another, awesome “side effect” is that I am now confident to learn everything quick and that I am able to dive deeper into tech. Further, the great community within my batch as well as the 6000+ community didn’t just lead me to find new friends but is also an amazing resource for support and ideas. Thanks, Le Wagon, for boosting my capabilities and creating such an amazing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Educator in professional retraining, I discovered at the Wagon de Marseille that I was capable of more than I thought. The wagon's catchphrase ""Change your life, learn to code"" sounds a little exhilarating, but, to me, it conveys a real reality. Because,... Read More even before finishing the training, after a few weeks, I already felt like I had changed my world. Today, I know I can understand, reproduce and make a web application from scratch. But above all, I can learn quickly, by relying on a network, acquaintances, and friends.The Wagon training is intense, at first you feel like your brain is boiling. The concepts follow one another so quickly, so it’s hard to assemble them and we’re not talking about assimilating them. But, on the other hand, we know where to look for them, how. We can at any time re-read the courses, watch them on video, redo the exercises ... Another lesson: ""read the doc"" was hammered at us during the weeks of projects. And it’s valuable advice.Finally, and above all, working in pairs each day, then in teams of three or four during the projects, builds a spirit of community, and after the wagon, each student remains in network with the other students in his class, and with all alumni.Only downside, for me, the last week, optional, allowing to pass the certification and work on the job search is not included in the training (and therefore was not supported financially).Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was working as an economic consultant for a management consultancy. I didn't like the 'feel' of working for a big organization and wanted a career that was future proof.I wasn't sure about which coding school to join and had... Read More interviews with a few in London. What stood out about Le Wagon was the vibe of the place and the entrepreneurial focus of the syllabus.My experience at Le Wagon lived up to my expectations. The syllabus was intelligently crafted so that by graduation, you had the tools and knowledge to develop your own application. In addition, the teaching throughout was superb and all the staff helped to foster an excellent learning environment.Although it's sadly over, I have made friends for life and joined a community of 6,000+ like-minded coders! Thanks to everyone at Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"After a number of years working as a lawyer, I had, for some time, been wanting to learn to code in order to develop some technical skills, future-proof/enhance my career, and open new career paths. I researched a number of different coding bootcamps,... Read More but Le Wagon’s personalised application process and outstanding reviews led me to choose Le Wagon over other bootcamps. I am very glad that I chose Le Wagon, as the whole experience was fantastic from start to finish, and I would really recommend it to anyone thinking of doing a coding bootcamp. I learnt so much during the bootcamp - you will be amazed at what you can build by the end of the course in your final project - and met a really great bunch of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and experiences. The syllabus, learning portal and teaching process at Le Wagon are extremely good and there is always plenty of academic and personal support both throughout the course as well as afterwards, as students remain within the active, and growing, Le Wagon alumni community. It was a special experience and I only wish that I could do it again.Whether you are considering doing a coding bootcamp simply to learn to code for personal interest, to begin a career in software engineering, to experience a new challenge and grow some new synapses, or for any other reason, you cannot go wrong with choosing Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Je viens tout juste de terminer Le Wagon. Deux mois très intensifs mais aussi très formateurs. Les professeurs sont là pour nous accompagner tout au long de la formation et nous donner toutes les clés pour réussir.Chaque jour, on se retrouve en binome... Read More avec une personne différente pour avancer à deux dans les exercices, un très bon moyen pour progresser en équipe.Les projets des dernières semaines sont éprouvants mais on y retire que du positif, on arrive à se rendre compte du chemin parcouru en seulement 9 semaines. Une belle aventure que je ne regrette pas !Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a career in translation and interpreting where one must be a “serial specialist” in infinite topics to survive, I was no stranger to teaching myself stuff on Google and solving problems alone. It’s true that anyone can start teaching themselves... Read More coding online for free - why would anyone pay to go school? In my case I taught myself enough to make quirky little JavaScript games and tools for my coworkers. Unfortunately I kept hitting two walls. How could I combine all these languages I was learning to make powerful and useful apps? More importantly, how do I work with other people? Le Wagon demolished these two walls with one wrecking ball swoop. The curated curriculum gives you a solid understanding of how all the parts work together and you’re convinced you know it because you built the apps to prove it. I never felt stuck because teaching assistants were always on call for help on the nichest of my very niche problems. But the greatest part of Le Wagon is that it’s all about collaboration from day one. You see how others code via the buddy system and daily livecode sessions, you become set up and intimately familiar with tools like GitHub and Figma for collaborating with anyone anywhere, and as the cherry on top you learn techniques to work in a team to design, build and pitch two apps. Plus the whole thing is just plain fun. We were eager to come in each day to the point people always showed up early for pre-lecture coffee and chat, and we did a fair amount of celebrating together regularly outside camp. Besides coding skills I’ve come out the other end with dear friendships. Camp’s over now but not really thanks to the lifetime global alumni chat membership I’m connected to active Le Wagon grads around the world for continued learning and networking. Le Wagon offers a package you won’t find in a Google search: a global community for life that knows what everyone’s been through, and the knowledge and confidence and support to land your dream job and continue learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to Le Wagon I worked in Finance, primarily as a commodities trader on Wall Street. In 2016 I saw some of my colleagues and associates leave the business to attend coding bootcamps. It was then I realized that there was an entire tech industry I... Read More knew almost nothing about; an industry with much more potential than the one I was in.As electronic trading became the norm, programming skills became more valuable than trading experience itself. In my industry, companies that were hiring wanted P.h.d. level academic backgrounds with advanced algorithmic programming experience, so I figured that I should at least get started somewhere! I began taking a few online courses and found that web development was really interesting, requiring both technical thinking and creativity. My goal was to become either a front end or full stack developer. I tried the self-taught route, but like most people found that not only was there too much to learn, but difficulty in figuring out what to learn.Fast forward a year later. Taking the bootcamp at Le Wagon Barcelona gave me the skills needed to build an app from start to finish. It's amazing what can be accomplished in such a short amount of time. The atmosphere is supportive and collaborative, and I've made more friends in 2 months than I have in the last two years. I've been working on finding a job as a developer since the end of the bootcamp, and already had a technical interview through my connections at Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining the bootcamp, I was working as a planning engineer for the government. I took the plunge to do the full-stack program because I wanted to become a web developer, and a startup founder in the near future. The coding curriculum was crafted... Read More thoughtfully such that every module that we learnt played a key role in the final project. The best part about the bootcamp is its product-driven approach. We learnt how to build deployable web apps from the back-end to the front-end, and the collaboration workflow adopted by most successful startups. Thanks to Le Wagon and its Singapore staff, my final project teammates and I built a Minimal Viable Product and we are looking to launch it as a startup.Read Less",le-wagon
"Have you ever been in front of a tech product and had the feeling that you did not understand at all how it had been built? That was exactly how I felt before doing Le Wagon. I was in my last year of a degree in International Business Economics when I... Read More realized I wanted to do something more. I started asking myself: “What do I want to do next?“, and so I started thinking about what I had enjoyed the most during the university, what were my interests, etc... And when doing that reflection, I realized that my favorites classes were always those in which we talked about tech products and entrepreneurship. “But I don’t know much about technology…“, was my next concern. I was open to keeping learning new skills, so I started looking for boot camps and then I found Le Wagon, which offered exactly what I was looking for.And now, as a recent graduate of Le Wagon, I can say that the program fully met my expectations. The days at Le Wagon were very practical, which helped me a lot to consolidate the concepts and learn their day to day use. Moreover, every day we were assigned a buddy with which we had to do some exercises, which was a really good opportunity to learn from our colleges. But most importantly, I would like to say that the Bootcamp was not only a big chance to learn technical skills, but also to meet really interesting people from all around the globe. The vibes during the 9 weeks were just amazing!!! Energy, motivation, and eagerness to learn were the air I breathed every day.Thanks to Le Wagon, now I feel ready to start a career in Product Management.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Mireia. Originally from Spain, I was part of Batch 341 of Le Wagon in Barcelona.First of all, I have to say that I was a little worried because I didn’t have any background in tech. I studied business management. And before the bootcamp I was... Read More working at a coworking space in Barcelona as a Community Manager. So my knowledge about the tech world was more related to business and not in a technical way. My first contact with programming was because of my brother. He was learning computer science and one day while he was coding a videogame I asked him how he did it. Once he started explaining it to me was just amazed! I thought that it was incredible all the things you were able to do with something called “methods” and with a couple of parenthesis. Then I decided to start digging into programming to know at last the basics and my curiosity grew to a point where I started talking to everyone about it. A friend of mine told me that if I was really interested in it the best way to get started would be a coding bootcamp. He recommended to me the one at Le Wagon. His girlfriend did it one year ago and she was very happy after doing it. And now she was currently working in a company as a backend developer. I looked it up and had great reviews. The program was very complete and they seemed to have a nice community of people so I decided to join it. When I show it to one of my friends who is a software developer he couldn’t believe that they would be able to teach so much in just 9 weeks.  Since the very first moment Le Wagon felt like the perfect place to me. It didn’t feel like a regular school at all. It was an open space full of awesome and smart people from all over the world ready to do their best and learn as much as possible. I felt like I was back at the coworking space.  Because I am someone who believes that the only way to learn is by doing, I really enjoyed the format of the bootcamp. We had one and a half hours of lecture in the morning and we were solving different challenges in pairs for the rest of the day for the first 7 weeks.In the last two weeks we had a big project to build our own web application from scratch. When that started was the moment when I realised: “Wow! I actually know how to do this!” I couldn’t believe it. After just 7 weeks we developed an awesome product called BoostIt, which I am really proud of and is now part of my portfolio.I cannot be anything but grateful to Le Wagon’s team. They were very helpful, inspirational and they never said no. It didn’t matter how challenging anything we wanted to build was. They helped me to realize that it doesn’t matter the background or experience that you have, if you really want, you can learn how to code. So now, do you want to know what’s the best part of the bootcamp? The fact that the end is the starting point for your new life! You don’t say goodbye on your last day. You say “see you soon, friends!” Once you finish you are part of this big community they have and you are still in touch with all the TAs, your colleagues and other people that did the bootcamp. Now I cannot wait to keep learning and growing as a full stack developer. The tech world is what I like and I am looking forward to see how far the projects I am currently working on go.Thank you Le Wagon Barcelona #341!Read Less",le-wagon
"The curriculum was well structured. The camp starts with a baptism of fire which makes the remainder of the course more palatable, for example. The teaching was also very good. The admin staff, teachers and management were also very helpful in me securing... Read More a job before the camp finished.Read Less",le-wagon
"Eu me inscrevi para o curso de desenvolvedor web do Lê Wagon com o objetivo de entender melhor a dinâmica de programação. Como fundador de uma Startup de tecnologia tinha um problema de assimetria de informação gigantesco perante aos programadores. Era... Read More impossível ter uma noção a respeito do tempo e dos custos necessários para a construção das funções exigidas. Tendo esse objetivo em mente, acredito que o Lê Wagon até mesmo superou as minhas expectativas. Hoje me considero apto a entender e até mesmo orientar processos. Além disso, é importante acrescentar que a vivência de trabalho em grupo, criação e gerenciamento de projetos, introdução a design de produtos, além de conceitos de marketing essenciais para a construção de um projeto, tais como a definição de uma persona, mostram que o título de desenvolvimento web não está adequado ao que vocês oferecem. O curso acrescenta skills que superam muito o de programação.Por fim, além dos skills técnicos anteriormente abordados gostaria de salientar os quesitos sociais. Eventos, um ambiente descontraído e todo o cuidado com as pessoas presentes dão a estrutura necessária para que os estudantes suportem a situação de stress a que são submetidos durante as 9 semanas do curso.Na minha opinião o Lê Wagon não vende um curso de programação e sim uma experiência. E isso supera muito um curso de programação. Eu fiz Work Experiencedurante 3 meses nos Estados Unidos. É impressionante como eu consigo traçar um paralelo entre os dois. É algo que lembrarei com carinho, que contarei histórias aos amigos e que ficará marcado em mim para sempre.Por fim, gostaria de agradecer mais uma vez pelo serviço prestado, por toda a atenção e carinho dos professores e principalmente pelo excelente trabalho de condução da Bootcamp Manager Milene.Read Less",le-wagon
"I loved the overall spirit and vibe for learning and helping each other.It was a very intense, difficult and rewarding experience.Awesome ensemble of teachers and employees, all very helpful and knowledgeable.Totally recommend for anyone that wants to... Read More learn fast and is not afraid to dive into something new.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Isac Giuk Kim and I am from Ecuador. My major in university was marketing; however, I decided to teach English in China. After two years in China, I decided to hop onto a different career path, a web-developer. I have always been interested... Read More in learning coding for many reasons. First, by learning how to code I would have more of a hands-on approach when marketing products or services if I decided to work in marketing. Second, coding would allow me to transform my ideas and others into reality. Third, as a web-developer, you can work remotely, which isperfect for me because I love to travel and experience different cultures.Last, there are many job opportunities for web-developers. For these reasons I started taking coding online courses, but it was not easy for me to do them so I started my search for coding boot camps and found Le Wagon.My time in Le Wagon was just incredible. I thought it was a very well structured program. We would learn to code everything from scratch and then used tools to shorten our code. This approach of teaching allowed me to have a better understanding of how the code worked. With the buddy system and daily challenges, it helped me comprehend the code better because we would explain to other classmates the process of the code of the day. All the teachers and teacher assistants were very knowledgeable and helped us to not only complete the challenges but to understand it and comprehend it. I have emphasized the understanding of the process of coding because without understanding there is no comprehension and without it, we cannot grow as web-developers.I finished Le Wagon in December 2019. At the moment, my group and I are still working to improve our previous projects from our time in Le Wagon, while looking for jobs using the tools provided by Le Wagon. One of our projects is Airpet, an application that allows you to rent a pet from a shelter to support the shelter and allow the animals to become more social. Our second project is Uproot, an application that will match you with a city thatwill satisfy all your needs. There will be more projects to come.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was introduced into the business world quite early at 18 years old and since that day, even during the university years I searched for new opportunities to make money. But at some point that game becomes boring and I felt like I hit the ceiling and... Read More I couldn’t move forward. I was like that for a couple of years. Then I remembered that when I was very young I was curious about coding, so I began searching for articles on this topic. Day by day, course by course I started to feel what code was about and at some point I wanted more. I felt the need of guidance and of a good way of learning, a program built by professionals and not the usual “Learn this in 2019” or “Why you should learn that in 2019"". In those days I found out about Le Wagon…Why did I choose Barcelona? First of all I wanted the program in english, second I wanted a city that I liked and last, but not least I wanted to feel that the team was the one for me. I watched some videos online and I decided that Gus de Vita, the founder of Le Wagon Barcelona could be the answer, then I read all that I could find about the rest of the team and finally the interview with Ellyn convinced me that this was the best choice. And it was!The experience was amazing, the team was great and very supportive and my colleagues were like “handpicked”. Getting me out of my office and into this “it crowd” was the best thing that I did for me in a long time. So not only that I learned a lot about coding, but also I got to change the way I see my life. Learning to code changed even the way I think when I have to solve a problem that has nothing to do with it.9 weeks of intense coding, over 20000 lines of code, one product http://www.epicenter.live/ and friends are the things that I got in Barcelona and I am so proud of them.Now, my life is not boring anymore because learning to code is a lifetime job. I continue to learn online because Le Wagon offers courses even after the boot camp is over and I am preparing to become a better full stack web developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working in hospitality and as an administrator for most of my life. I’m 32 years old now and things have started to feel a bit stale for me. Felt I needed more creativity in my life hence why I looked into web development. Signing up for the Le... Read More Wagon coding bootcamp in Barcelona was definitely one of the best decisions I've ever made. It is a very intensive course, often able to make you feel frustrated, but the staff is incredibly supportive and always there to help. You get to work on great projects and, by the end of the course, you'll be able to create web applications and also learn the entire technical workflow of how to work in a team. I got a job in Barcelona, not quite related with the bootcamp, but now I’ll have the chance to further my knowledge and visit the school whenever possible! You can expect great support from the staff after the bootcamp and access to a lot of learning material and perks - Kitt for life!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 10 years of working in Finance I became completely disillusioned with the industry and decided I wanted to increase my skill set in the world of tech, and actually understand what went into building a product and the code behind it.I looked at a... Read More number of different coding schools in London but Le Wagon immediately stood out. The campus is light and open plan which made a great environment for all the students in which to learn. The main reason I was convinced to apply however, was the community of past students and current teachers that I had a chance to speak to.Le Wagon have an incredible number of brilliant Teachers and Teaching Assistants (mostly made up of ex bootcamp graduates), which made what is a very daunting learning process, one of the best decisions I've made. The bootcamp is intense, but the Le Wagon community are there to help you along every step of the way.I went from not knowing what a terminal was, to designing, implementing and shipping to production a Rails prototype on a progressive web app called Podfast with a team of 4 in two weeks. The concept was then presented at the Barbican in-front of 300 people!The variety of students from all walks of life and a huge variety of different backgrounds was so refreshing as well, as it meant everyone was learning in the same boat.To anyone sitting on the fence, take the leap! You won't regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"J’ai fait le bootcamp du Wagon Bordeaux cet automne. Je suis très satisfait de cette formation qui est allée au-delà de mes attentes. Ce fut une expérience incroyable qui m’a permis de faire la connaissance avec des gens que je n’aurais sûrement pas rencontré... Read More en dehors du Wagon. Les enseignants sont très compétents et m’ont aidé à progresser rapidement. Le staff a été accueillant et à l’écoute tout au long de la formation.Pendant le Wagon nous avons été amenés à travailler en binôme et chaque jour c’est avec une personne différente. C’est quelque chose que j’ai beaucoup apprécié puisque ça permet d’aborder les problèmes différemment et permet de s’enrichir tant sur le plan technique qu’humain.J’avais déjà fait du code avant le Wagon et pendant les premières semaines j’ai pu apporter mon aide à mon buddy du jour. C’est l’expérience humaine qui a été plus marquante durant la première partie de la formation plutôt que l’aspect technique. Après les trois premières semaines le niveau des élèves s’équilibre et les compétences de chacun ressortent grâce à leur expérience et c’est ça qui fait la force du Wagon. Il en résulte alors un mélange d’expériences et de compétences qui ont permis de réaliser des projets très intéressants lors du DemoDay.J’ai participé à un projet d’application avec 2 autres personnes. Cette application,Seven Spaces, consiste à proposer à ses utilisateurs de créer ou rejoindre des salons de chat restreints. Ce qui donnent la possibilité de pouvoir discuter sur internet en diminuant drastiquement le risque de recevoir des messages haineux ou non-respectueux lors de discussions comme sur certaines plateformes sociales. En effet le créateur du salon peut exclure un utilisateur facilement s’il tente de nuire à la convivialité du salon.Je recommande vivement cette formation à tous ceux motivés qui souhaitent apprendre à coder. Avant de se lancer il faut bien garder à l’esprit que la charge de travail et le rythme sont conséquents.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining the bootcamp I was working as a Supervisor in different restaurants across London. I wanted a change so I decided to join Le Wagon. I can easily say this turned out to be one of the best experiences in my life! The learning method is amazing... Read More since it makes you learn so much in a short period of time. When I started, I didn’t have any previous coding experience, and in just two months I learned how to build full web applications.The course makes you improve day after day and also teaches you not to give up, allowing you to create amazing things in no time.After nine weeks of intensive learning with Le Wagon, I’ve not only gained a deeper understanding of full-stack web development, but the confidence and knowledge to extend my learning to other technical areas.I can only strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone willing to learn how to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"Désormais alumni du Wagon Bordeaux, j’ai effectué la formation cet automne. J’ai passé 9 semaines entouré par une équipe de professeurs et un staff toujours présent et à l’écoute. Mes camarades ont également été un très grand soutien alors que pour la... Read More plupart ils étaient, comme moi et n’avaient jamais codé.Nous sommes une promotion très soudée, l’entraide au court de la formation a été un réel plaisir et l’est encore aujourd’hui. L’ambiance avec l’équipe comme avec les élèves était parfaite.D’un point de vue technique la formation du Wagon est très complète. Une fois la formation terminée, nous avons toutes les clés en main pour réussir dans le domaine de la tech.Bonne chance aux futurs alumni et un grand merci à toute l’équipe du Wagon Bordeaux.Read Less",le-wagon
"Après 20 années passées dans le domaine des Ressources Humaines en tant que Key Account Manager et Recruteur à Paris, j’ai réalisé un bilan de compétences il y a 1 an dans le but d’effectuer une reconversion professionnelle. Très vite, j’ai su que je... Read More voulais évoluer dans le monde de la tech et plus précisément celui du web.Après avoir discuté avec plusieurs développeurs et plusieurs amis qui travaillent dans ce domaine, tous m’ont vivement conseillé de postuler à la formation du Wagon. Désireux de revenir sur Bordeaux et après avoir fait le travail préparatoire j’ai eu la chance de faire partie du batch 325.Le moins que je puisse dire, c’est que cette formation a tenu toutes ses promesses. L’équipe pédagogique est aux petits soins pour chacun des élèves, nous accompagne pour nous aider à nous surpasser et le système de buddies nous permet d’aller plus loin et de nous entraider. L’apprentissage par le biais de cours mais surtout de résolution d’exercices au quotidien est très performant. Et le résultat est incroyable.2 sites web réalisés en moins de 3 semaines en fin de formation. Fraîchement diplômé, je recherche un poste de développeur web sur Bordeaux et ai déjà plusieurs entretiens programmés.Read Less",le-wagon
"Batch 325 - octobre 2019 - Quand j'ai cherché une formation pour apprendre à coder et compléter mon bagage d'UX/UI designer, tous les avis que l'on me donnait renvoyait vers le Wagon. Après le travail préparatoire et la sélection, les cours ont commencé... Read More et j'ai été plus que satisfait. Si les cours sont très intenses, la pédagogie permet d'assimiler rapidement les concepts et les mettre en application tout aussi rapidement. Surtout on est en permanence entouré par l'équipe de teacher assistants qui nous accompagnent et nous guident. Le Wagon est une formation d'une intensité pédagogique et humaine incroyable et je le recommande à toute personne qui souhaite apprendre à coder.Read Less",le-wagon
"J’ai fait la formation du Wagon en octobre dernier et je ne regrette vraiment pas mon choix. L’équipe est vraiment top ! Les professeurs nous transmettent leur savoir avec bonne humeur, ce qui est indispensable vu le rythme de la formation.En effet la... Read More formation est très dense puisque la promesse est forte. Apprendre à coder en 9 semaines paraît presque impossible sur le papier et pourtant tous les étudiants ressortent avec bases très solides pour coder et surtout approfondir des notions beaucoup plus facilement. La méthode pédagogique du Wagon est à mon sens géniale et permet d’atteindre cet objectif très ambitieux. Elle permet également d’assimiler beaucoup mieux et de devenir autonome puisqu’on ne nous donne pas la solution directement mais plutôt des pistes pour y arriver. N’oublions pas que le quotidien des développeurs c’est de résoudre des problèmes, il est donc indispensable d’acquérir cette autonomie.La notion d’entraide est aussi très présente et importante puisque tous les étudiants rencontrent des moments difficiles (frustrations, inquiétudes) pendant la formation. Le fait d’avoir un partenaire différent chaque jour nous permet de rencontrer tout le monde et de créer une cohésion très forte au sein de la promo. Il n’y aucune compétition ce qui permet de se développer et de s’épanouir tellement plus vite. Durant les deux dernières semaines, nous travaillons sur des projets de groupes et cette cohésion fait vraiment la différence.Malgré les coups durs sur certains jours de la formation, j’ai été capable de coder un projet de A à Z. Avec le recul j’ai appris énormément en deux mois et on ne s’en rend pas forcément compte quand on a la tête dans le guidon pendant la formation mais à la sortie c’est vraiment gratifiant.Je recommande vivement cette formation pour tous ceux qui souhaitent apprendre à coder même si vous n’avez aucune base. Gardez néanmoins à l’esprit que c’est une formation de deux mois et qu’il faut bien entendu continuer à approfondir ses connaissances, se perfectionner et découvrir de nouveaux langages.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've known what I want to do for a job for a few years now, however I never really knew how to get the skills that were needed. It was one night after working as a bartender, which was a terrible job (work hard for almost no money) that I said to myself... Read More I was going to do whatever it takes to become a web developer. So I decided to have a look around at bootcamps and see what options I had. After stumbling upon Le Wagon I did intensive research on it and it seemed a good fit for me and the locations that they offered were mostly all appealing to me. So I decided to pick one of the locations that was the FURTHEST away from where I'm from, being sick of the UK and Europe.So I went to Melbourne to study. It was amazing. Honestly the best thing I think I've done! People on the course are amazing, the curriculum is fast paced but not so quick that you're left behind and they start completely from scratch, meaning you really learn the basics, not just of Ruby on Rails but the basics of web development in general, meaning you are able to go on to learn languages and frameworks with ease in the future and I honestly couldn't recommend it more if I'm honest!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 5 years as a Management Consultant I was ready for my next challenge, I was hungry to learn and I wanted to future proof my career by learning technical skills in an industry that offers more work life balance and flexibility. I did a lot of research... Read More into different coding schools and went along to some of the end of bootcamp demo days. For me, Le Wagon really stood out.After 9 weeks on the course, I’m not surprised they have been voted the #1 coding bootcamp 4 years running (SwitchUp). I have learnt more than I could have imagined over the course of 9 weeks and I’ve made some amazing friends. I’m also extremely proud of the projects our team built during the final weeks and confident in the skills that Le Wagon have taught me.What I think sets Le Wagon apart from the rest is their teachers and course organisers. The enthusiasm, patience and level of investment in your development is inspiring. I couldn’t recommend Le Wagon highly enough and if anyone is struggling with this difficult decision, don’t waste any more time, get onboard Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"""I am very thankful for my time at Le Wagon, and for the opportunities it has opened up for me. Whether you want to become a junior developer or as an entrepreneur launch your own project, or work as a freelance : Le Wagon team does everything they can... Read More to help get you achieve your goals 🎯Teachers and lovely staff strive to create and maintain a unique environment where students can learn new technologies with the best practices and hone their programming skills in the best conditions 🌿 The courses are intense; be prepared to work hard. I learned a lot, very quickly and pair programming was a blast.The best part about going to Le Wagon is the amazing group of students and the robust alumni community that you get to be part of, it’s the perfect place to meet brilliant people ✨After the Bootcamp you’re still connected to everyone through Slack.I Would highly highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone wanting a career in tech, or anyone who want to build and launch new products with a lean startup mindset. If you are still indecisive : JUST DO IT.""Read Less",le-wagon
"J’ai toujours été passionné par les nouvelles technologies. À 36 ans j’étais cadre dans la restauration depuis 8 ans dont 7 passées à Paris. Mon métier consistait à piloter une ou plusieurs boutiques avec des équipes de 20 à 60 personnes. Un an après... Read More être revenu à Bordeaux, j’ai découvert le Wagon en passant devant tous les jours. J’étais curieux de voir toutes ces personnes de tout âge travailler ensemble. J’ai tout de suite été attiré par la promesse de cette formation.Depuis déjà un an je réfléchissais à une reconversion professionnelle avec pour objectif d’évoluer dans un domaine qui me plait et dans lequel je serai amené à apprendre quotidiennement.N’ayant aucune expérience en informatique je me suis tout d’abord renseigné sur cette formation en me rendant aux nombreuses conférences que donne le Wagon dans ses locaux. Conférences durant lesquelles j’ai pu rencontrer d’anciens alumni et assister au Demo Day pour découvrir les projets de groupes ce qui m’a définitivement convaincu. La qualité des applications fabriquées par ces élèves en si peu de temps était bluffante.Ce qui m’a plu dans la formation du Wagon c’est la pédagogie qui est différente de tout ce que j’ai pu connaître. J’ai apprécié le système de buddies qui permet d’évoluer chaque jour avec un élève différent et l’entraide que cela procure. C’est une aventure humaine riche en émotions.J’ai appris à apprendre par moi-même et je pense que c’est ça la force du Wagon. Cette formation est très intense mais plus les journées passent, plus on se rend compte du chemin parcouru.Read Less",le-wagon
"excellent program! It is much more than a program in which you learn how to code a website , it provides tools that help you grow in many other aspects of your life. Undoubtedly the best investment made at the moment. If you have the possibility, do it!... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
Paul Manche – Batch 325 – Bordeaux Je souhaitais apprendre à coder pour compléter ma formation d’école de commerce avec comme objectif de devenir Product Owner. J’ai découvert la formation du Wagon et après avoir effectué le travail préparatoire j’ai... Read More été admis à Bordeaux. Quelques jours après la fin de la formation et une recherche active j’ai décroché un premier stage en tant que développeur marketing digital chez Cdiscount pour renforcer mes acquis.Je recommande ce bootcamp pour sa pédagogie avancée et les rencontres qu’il m’a permis de faire.Read Less,le-wagon
"Signing up for the Le Wagon coding bootcamp in Lisbon was definitely one of the best decisions I've ever made. It is without a doubt a very intensive course and the learning curve is steep, but the staff is incredibly supportive and always there to help.... Read More You get to work on great projects and, by the end of the course, you'll not only be able to create web applications in just a few days, but you'll also learn the entire technical workflow of how to work in a team with other developers in the same way as you would if you were employed as a professional developer. I feel that the applications I've worked on during the bootcamp and the technical skills developed were definitely what helped me get a position as a developer immediately after the course and I only have Le Wagon to thank for that. You can also expect great support from the staff after the bootcamp (they provided me with a reference once I was offered a position as a developer) and access to a lot of learning material and perks.Read Less",le-wagon
"Yann Caperan – Batch 325 – BordeauxMon expérience au Wagon Bordeaux fut très positive, le rythme des journées, l’organisation, l’enchaînement du programme rien n’est laissé au hasard.J’ai beaucoup apprécié l’ambiance générale de mon batch l’entre aide... Read More quotidienne entre les élèves et le soutient des professeurs.Débutant en programmation, je suis surpris de tout ce que j’ai pu apprendre en 9 semaines, c’est lorsque nous avons présenté notre projet que j’ai réalisé tout le chemin que j’avais fait. Nous avons eu l’idée de développer une plateforme qui permet de parier des sommes d’argent contre ses amis pour des séances de running. Pari réussi puisque nous avons présenté le jour-j une application fonctionnelle, Run2beatMe !J’ai trouvé les challenges journaliers particulièrement efficaces, car ils m’ont poussé à me débrouiller de manière autonome face à une problématique, et c’est cet état d’esprit qui aujourd’hui, à la sortie du Wagon, me permet de continuer d’apprendre en autonomie.Cette formation m’a également apporté une base de connaissances solides pour lancer sereinement ma carrière de développeur.Je recommande vivement la formation du Wagon à tous ceux qui souhaitent se challenger et cultiver un état d’esprit de développeur !Read Less",le-wagon
"Yann Caperan – Batch 325 – BordeauxMon expérience au Wagon Bordeaux fut très positive, le rythme des journées, l’organisation, l’enchaînement du programme rien n’est laissé au hasard.J’ai beaucoup apprécié l’ambiance générale de mon batch l’entre aide... Read More quotidienne entre les élèves et le soutient des professeurs.Débutant en programmation, je suis surpris de tout ce que j’ai pu apprendre en 9 semaines, c’est lorsque nous avons présenté notre projet que j’ai réalisé tout le chemin que j’avais fait. Nous avons eu l’idée de développer une plateforme qui permet de parier des sommes d’argent contre ses amis pour des séances de running. Pari réussi puisque nous avons présenté le jour-j une application fonctionnelle, Run2beatMe !J’ai trouvé les challenges journaliers particulièrement efficaces, car ils m’ont poussé à me débrouiller de manière autonome face à une problématique, et c’est cet état d’esprit qui aujourd’hui, à la sortie du Wagon, me permet de continuer d’apprendre en autonomie.Cette formation m’a également apporté une base de connaissances solides pour lancer sereinement ma carrière de développeur.Je recommande vivement la formation du Wagon à tous ceux qui souhaitent se challenger et cultiver un état d’esprit de développeur !Read Less",le-wagon
"I signed up to Le Wagon’s full stack web development bootcamp with the intention of understanding how to develop my own ideas in to functioning applications. I can say with confidence that I met my learning objectives thanks to Le Wagon’s amazing teachers,... Read More curriculum and online learning platform. I was incredibly satisfied by what I was able to achieve by the end of the bootcamp where I built a platform to enable customers to order and pay at a range of restaurants through a single application. Overall I wouldn’t hesitate to give Le Wagon 10/10 and would recommend it to other entrepreneurially-minded people who want to be able to build their own digital products.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I worked as a freelance photo reporter. As a freelance photo reporter, I travelled to many different countries and documented how the new technologies impact the life of people and the society. With my pen and my camera, I realized that... Read More the new technologies is a such power tool that can really make the difference. Besides getting involved in new technologies field as a journalist, I wanted to also know the skill part and to be the person who can actually make a direct impact. So I decided to learn how to code.Le Wagon is a very good choice to start my coding journey. Before coming to Le Wagon, I’ve already prepared my mind that the course will ask me a lot of dedication. But I still had no idea what to expect. The first day of the class, our teacher Guido told us: Only compare yourself with yesterday’s yourself but not the other students in the class. And these words really helped me to go through the difficulties I encountered during the program. Le Wagon gave me a very supportive community during the bootcamp and even after the bootcamp. My teachers are incredibly patient to us as long as we have some questions to ask. They not only answer my questions about the lecture but also help me to be less stressful. After the bootcamp, they also gave me some great career and interview advice that really really helped me to go to the next step.My final project is “Happy Fish: A game that matters!”. I made the app with another 3 students in the last 2 weeks during the bootcamp. Happy Fish is an app that guide people to live in a more environmental friendly way of life. User can adopt a fish in the app. In order to make your fish live longer and happier, you need to accept some real life challenges like not taking elevators for one month, only take public transport for one month etc., or you can also accept some quiz about the oceans. After gaining the knowledge or finish the real life challenge, the fish will be healthy and happy. The reason why I decided to participate in this project is because we all think that the individuals are not able to protect the environment but only the government. We would like to let people know that protecting the environment can actually in our daily life, form all of us. Building the app from scratch is a big challenge for me as I had zero experience. But thanks to the lectures, I not only learned how to code but also learned project management, UI/UX design and group work. In the last day of the bootcamp, we demonstrated our app in front of everyone. And that was the moment I realized that now I can make my ideas into a real app!This App helps me a lot after leaving Le Wagon whenI try to find a job as a web developer. I had almost 10 interviews with different companies. The interviewers love the app and especially the idea behind. After 2 months graduating from Le Wagon. I found a job as a front-end developer in Taipei, Taiwan. Coding is a life long learning. For me it was not easy and it will not be easy. Le Wagon helped me to build a strong base and provides me more choices than I can ever imagined.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I start : I have a background in psychology and knowledge of art &amp; design, I’ve also always been curious of learning a lot of things. My initial question before I started this journey was:Why coding? This is the question that I have been asked... Read More for a lot of times, also the same question I asked myself before I decided to attend Le Wagon. Why coding, instead of other things? Why choose coding at this time, instead of before or later?. What helped me take the leap was a voice inside of me saying “ WHY NOT coding? Don’t you see the possibility? if you don’t learn coding, you could be illiteracy in just a few years?” This voice may be scary, but try to check what’s going on around you, think about it. Get your answer, because this is really serious!Making the choice: “It was the best of times, it was the worst of times” (A Tale of Two Cities) This a quote from “A Tale of Two Cities” and it relates a lot to learning how to code nowadays.If you start to be interested in coding, you can find tons of ways of learning. Sometimes too many options, you feel dazzled. This decision is especially hard for a person born under the sign of Libra  :-) I am lucky, because I know someone who graduated from Le Wagon. And I saw his career changing after he graduated. When he started, I couldn’t believe that one’s life can be changed only after 9 weeks. Because this is counter my common sense. I have been taught that you need 10 000 hours of practice to be good at something. But this friend is the hard fact, which I couldn’t ignore and deny it. So I decided to try by myself, to see how far I could go, how much my life would be changed by such “mystery” process. I can give you my story ending: I never regret the decision I made. Furthermore, my life is changed and still changing now. This is one of my best decision I have ever made in my life. If you experience trying to learn code by yourself, you might know you might be stuck sometimes for a few hours or even days, you don’t know where is the mistake that was made or why your code doesn’t work, and you can’t find someone to ask why. Sometimes this could lead you to a self-doubt situation, that you tell yourself: “maybe I am not made for it, I don’t have the talent to do this”. That’s exactly where Le Wagon can help. You have the opportunity to learn with a community.Life at Le Wagon:The schedule at Le Wagon is quite simple: lecture and then practice, practice, practice… the practice part is like an infinitive refrain of a song: you can’t get rid of it and you don’t even want to get rid of it. But, practice is the key! And we don’t practice alone. We practice with buddies (this is the cooperation system used by Le Wagon), and we have teachers’ support. You can’t be stuck in one problem for more than 1 hour, unless you really want it. I was immersed in doing the challenges, only hoping the time could fly slowly, but the time is ruthless, it never happened.Generally, we have one-hour live-code at the end of the day. Sometimes, someone has to code in front of the class, and of course, not every day we had volunteers. You will always remember the “wheel of death” moment 😅if it happens : we randomly select someone. But don’t panic, you will always get the answer, the whole class is by your side.Teamwork is another keyword at Le Wagon. For the whole bootcamp : with your buddies, or when you are working together for a group project. You should always keep that in mind. I was very impressed by the way we pitched for our own project, how we had feedbacks and the way we chose the project we wanted to work with. If you are accepted, you will expand your knowledge, and Le Wagon does it very efficiently. Collaboration ❤️In the last 3 weeks, you will work with the same teammates all the time. I had an excellent experience working with my teammates. They were very supportive, cooperative. We had a lot of meetings to review, discuss, plan our daily work. Usually meeting means boring moments, waste of time. But in our case, I never had this kind of feeling. It is very useful and necessary. I learned from everyone. Another good thing I found is, not just inside the team, cross the teams, we also made a lot of connections. Sharing or asking for help is normal during the bootcamp. Finally making a product : the final weeks I will never forget the last 2 weeks dedicated to our final project. From scratch to final product, we made it! I know, I still have a lot to learn. But, in less than 2 weeks, creating an app from zero, is already amazing. I couldn’t believe it before we made it. We worked a lot, myself, my teammates, the whole team of Teachers. I am so proud of it, indescribably proud of it!.My pieces of advice:Be prepared for the class. Take online courses, do the exercises, the more, the better!Be prepared that sitting all day long in front of laptop, after the bootcamp, you could suddenly realize that Le Wagon fatten you up!Don’t think that the teacher always tell you everything: They say the 3 first weeks are the most difficult ones. The true fact is: No! Every Week is challenging! Learn some French words if you come from a country where people don’t speak French. Or if this helps: if you want to find a local language partner, try a cool app named“Bonjourhi” (please allow me to promote our final project here lol)Notice that you will be used to learn and code in a very intensive pace, this could affect your daily speaking speed, eat speed, walking speed etc etc.Warning! Probably you will be sad, depressive, get lost on the Saturday morning after the demo day party :(Conclusion:9 weeks is like a little nap, without having a dream, suddenly you are woken up. It is tough, but it is a looooot of fun. Besides the new career opportunity, it is also the opportunity to challenge yourself, to see the benefits after your hard work. You can’t buy a sense of accomplishment, never, the only way to do it is to commit.Find this mystery joy by yourself. Then, you will be as me, as my classmates, as the alumni around the world, grateful and satisfied.Read Less",le-wagon
"The experience in Le Wagon was incredible, although it had a programming base certainly did not apply it since too many years ago. The teaching method they have is very intensive and work perfectly, the teachers as well are the best. They have been a... Read More key piece to start a startup, we developed a complete web platform in 2 weeks and today it is up to me to continue with it. Thanks to Le Wagon I have the necessary skills to continue my startup. It is certainly the best decision I made this year.Read Less",le-wagon
"3 months ago, I was somebody else.I was looking for another way to live, a community closer to my values, I was looking for creativity, open-minds, taking life as a game… I used to work in the finance department of big companies, I also worked for a hospital,... Read More until I quit to be a freelancer.I have always been attracted by tech and coding. I saw that as playing with my brain. Sudoku style. I was not believing in myself.A while ago, I went to an event to talk with a recruiter in tech who discouraged me from going this way. At this time I had even gathered information about Le Wagon. But I put this idea in a corner of my head. Until the beginning of the new chapter of my life.A summer night on the balcony/terrace with friends, I talked with a web developer friend, a wonderful woman who changed her career. This was last July. A few days after, I had an interview with Marie-Gabrielle at Le Wagon, and I subscribed in the same week.I remember my answers to the question: “why Le Wagon?” - “because I am looking for being surrounded by interesting and benevolent people.” And this is how I felt was Le Wagon.I was dreaming awake.Indeed surrounded by amazing people coming from everywhere (not only geographically!): teachers, staff, and students! Learning all day every day. In a sunny and very cool environment at La Gare. My brain has never been so awake! Never any judgment, we were free to find our pace, and ask for the support that we needed.Plus, yoga class with Claudette, the best yoga teacher in town I know.I used to say that if every school was like that, we would all get tons of diplomas.This is a Marathon, not a sprint!I pushed my limits a bit too far the second weekend by not sleeping that much, I have learned my lesson, and the next weeks I acted like a coder monk! I was doing yoga in the morning, going to the class walking, drinking ginger-lemon infusions, learning, coding, coding, coding, going back home walking, doing some meditation, having dinner, doing my flash-cards, going to bed, and falling asleep after 2 minutes I started my audio-book… Until the free beers &amp; socializing friday nights. :) The intense 9 weeks gave me the opportunity to create a better version of myself.Especially during the group work for the 3 last weeks. I think doing so much in a little amount of time within a brand new team, gave me the occasion to grow, watch myself under new conditions, and be surprised by the “new me” I met.I am so grateful for Le Wagon and the wonderful people I have worked with on the projects.And today, I am so happy to be part of this community, in addition to have made friends for life.Vi Pannetier, alumni @ Le Wagon Montreal | Batch #329Read Less",le-wagon
I'm very glad i had the chance to take this course : very intensive training with efficient learning skills that let me gain strong skills and a lot of pro tips. The team provides full support and tons of positive energy ! The contents are very useful... Read More to learn to code for web development.Read Less,le-wagon
"After a decade working as an Engineer for a giant resource company, I took a self-granted sabbatical and found new passions in programming and product design. I decided to change direction to tech industry upon returning back to the workforce, and soon... Read More faced w/ roadblocks. I’ve invested countless hour and dollars in online educations, but without proper guidance and support, it was very easy to be lost in ocean of information and outdated technology. And I still couldn’t achieve what I was aiming for.Attending Le Wagon bootcamp is one of the best investment I’ve made for myself. Not only the bootcamp is packed with technology that is currently being used in the market, I also had a privilege to pair up and work together with talented budding programmers from all walk of life, thanks to the sophisticated structure of the bootcamp. For our final project, our team also successfully created a useful data analytics web app from scratch within 2 weeks. It was made possible because we got to understand the fundamental of the programming itself, how to be creative with it, how to handle the roadblocks and how to do programming effectively within a team. We didn’t just learn how to program, we’ve learned how to be a programmer.Post bootcamp, there are even more resources and supports made available to us to continue our learning to the next level. And as someone who’s coming back from a long career break and made quite a career change, Le Wagon is very supportive in guiding and help me to pave the way getting into tech scene. At the moment, I feel comfortable and on the right track to where I want to be.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I worked as a freelance photo reporter. As a freelance photo reporter, I travelled to many different countries and documented how the new technologies impact the life of people and the society. With my pen and my camera, I realized that... Read More the new technologies is a such power tool that can really make the difference. Besides getting involved in new technologies field as a journalist, I wanted to also know the skill part and to be the person who can actually make a direct impact. So I decided to learn how to code. Le Wagon is a very good choice to start my coding journey. Before coming to Le Wagon, I’ve already prepared my mind that the course will ask me a lot of dedication. But I still had no idea what to expect. The first day of the class, our teacher Guido told us: Only compare yourself with yesterday’s yourself but not the other students in the class. And these words really helped me to go through the difficulties I encountered during the program. Le Wagon gave me a very supportive community during the bootcamp and even after the bootcamp. My teachers are incredibly patient to us as long as we have some questions to ask. They not only answer my questions about the lecture but also help me to be less stressful. After the bootcamp, they also gave me some great career and interview advice that really really helped me to go to the next step. My final project is “Happy Fish: A game that matters!”. I made the app with another 3 students in the last 2 weeks during the bootcamp. Happy Fish is an app that guide people to live in a more environmental friendly way of life. User can adopt a fish in the app. In order to make your fish live longer and happier, you need to accept some real life challenges like not taking elevators for one month, only take public transport for one month etc., or you can also accept some quiz about the oceans. After gaining the knowledge or finish the real life challenge, the fish will be healthy and happy. The reason why I decided to participate in this project is because we all think that the individuals are not able to protect the environment but only the government. We would like to let people know that protecting the environment can actually in our daily life, form all of us. Building the app from scratch is a big challenge for me as I had zero experience. But thanks to the lectures, I not only learned how to code but also learned project management, UI/UX design and group work. In the last day of the bootcamp, we demonstrated our app in front of everyone. And that was the moment I realized that now I can make my ideas into a real app! This App helps me a lot after leaving Le Wagon whenI try to find a job as a web developer. I had almost 10 interviews with different companies. The interviewers love the app and especially the idea behind. After 2 months graduating from Le Wagon. I found a job as a front-end developer in Taipei, Taiwan. Coding is a life long learning. For me it was not easy and it will not be easy. Le Wagon helped me to build a strong base and provides me more choices than I can ever imagined.Read Less",le-wagon
"My journey at Le Wagon has been a great experience which will hopefully help me to change my career path, and lead me into the development industry. I spent the last 15 years in different industries from automotive, to supply chain and advertising on... Read More the sales side before I joined the Bootcamp. I wanted to make a change to the tech side, either by jumping into the tech industry or even launching my own project. I chose the Le Wagon Bootcamp because I thought it would be the perfect way to get there.What I liked the most about learning how to code at Le Wagon was the way the days were structured. We had a lecture in the morning and then we spent the rest of the day working on challenges in pairs and ended the day with a live code session. The teachers and teaching assistants were also available throughout the day to assist whenever needed. I think it's not only the best way to learn how to code but to learn in general! I really felt comfortable learning; no question was too small, and they made the effort to stay late to give extra help and even went the extra mile to organize trips on weekends for us. I'm really proud of my final project - Green Room. A unified booking portal for Bollywood actors, producers, cameramen. It's crazy to think back and realize that we were able to build a fully functioning app - in 2 weeks and after just 7 weeks of lessons! I love that Le Wagon enables you to work on producing the solution to a problem you might be passionate about. I had the best time learning to code in Bali. I'm sure other Le Wagon alumni have similar experiences as me but I can't emphasize enough just how special Bali is. The weather is always great - from sunrise to sunset. It made it easier to keep motivated as I learned how to code. I also really liked my batch and it was easy to make friends. It was without a doubt, a very intense course but ultimately, so rewarding! I'd like to thank the entire Le Wagon Bali team and my batch #253, especially Dirk, the teachers and TAs, Guido, Prima, Sonia, Margo, Eli, Magnus and Mirha. I'm very happy and very proud to be part of the Le Wagon Bali family.Read Less",le-wagon
"What I liked about Le Wagon Tokyo in short,- Great curriculumIt was intense and hard, to be honest. But following the curriculum, I have obtained fundamental knowledge and skills about web development, and now I can confidently address myself as a full-stack... Read More web developer.- Wonderful support from teachers and managementsVery supportive and well-experienced teachers and managers. They became not only my teachers and mentors but also really nice friends as well.- The diverse culture and life long friendshipsMy batch had 24 members from 13 different countries. And I had a really really nice time with them in and out of classes. I can't forget about the good time going karaoke, having a drinking party, playing futsal...I truly recommend Le Wagon Tokyo if you are looking for a coding boot camp in Tokyo.Read Less",le-wagon
"What I liked about Le Wagon Tokyo in short, - Great curriculum It was intense and hard, to be honest. But following the curriculum, I have obtained fundamental knowledge and skills about web development, and now I can confidently address myself as a full-stack... Read More web developer. - Wonderful support from teachers and managements Very supportive and well-experienced teachers and managers. They became not only my teachers and mentors but also really nice friends as well. - The diverse culture and life long friendships The batch I had joined had 24 members from 13 different countries. And I had a really really nice time with them in and out of classes. I can't forget about the good time going karaoke, having a drinking party, playing futsal... I truly recommend Le Wagon Tokyo if you are looking for a coding Bootcamp in Tokyo.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I worked as a freelance photo reporter. As a freelance photo reporter, I travelled to many different countries and documented how the new technologies impact the life of people and the society. With my pen and my camera, I realized that... Read More the new technologies is a such power tool that can really make the difference. Besides getting involved in new technologies field as a journalist, I wanted to also know the skill part and to be the person who can actually make a direct impact. So I decided to learn how to code. Le Wagon is a very good choice to start my coding journey. Before coming to Le Wagon, I’ve already prepared my mind that the course will ask me a lot of dedication. But I still had no idea what to expect. The first day of the class, our teacher Guido told us: Only compare yourself with yesterday’s yourself but not the other students in the class. And these words really helped me to go through the difficulties I encountered during the program. Le Wagon gave me a very supportive community during the bootcamp and even after the bootcamp. My teachers are incredibly patient to us as long as we have some questions to ask. They not only answer my questions about the lecture but also help me to be less stressful. After the bootcamp, they also gave me some great career and interview advice that really really helped me to go to the next step. My final project is “Happy Fish: A game that matters!”. I made the app with another 3 students in the last 2 weeks during the bootcamp. Happy Fish is an app that guide people to live in a more environmental friendly way of life. User can adopt a fish in the app. In order to make your fish live longer and happier, you need to accept some real life challenges like not taking elevators for one month, only take public transport for one month etc., or you can also accept some quiz about the oceans. After gaining the knowledge or finish the real life challenge, the fish will be healthy and happy. The reason why I decided to participate in this project is because we all think that the individuals are not able to protect the environment but only the government. We would like to let people know that protecting the environment can actually in our daily life, form all of us. Building the app from scratch is a big challenge for me as I had zero experience. But thanks to the lectures, I not only learned how to code but also learned project management, UI/UX design and group work. In the last day of the bootcamp, we demonstrated our app in front of everyone. And that was the moment I realized that now I can make my ideas into a real app! This App helps me a lot after leaving Le Wagon whenI try to find a job as a web developer. I had almost 10 interviews with different companies. The interviewers love the app and especially the idea behind. After 2 months graduating from Le Wagon. I found a job as a front-end developer in Taipei, Taiwan. Coding is a life long learning. For me it was not easy and it will not be easy. Le Wagon helped me to build a strong base and provides me more choices than I can ever imagined.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had just started out as a product manager in a travel start-up, Seek Sophie. With a role that involves working in close contact with developers, my boss and I both agreed that learning coding skills would be beneficial to our daily stand-ups and troubleshooting... Read More in general. After careful research, we decided that I should go for the Le Wagon Full-Stack Coding Bootcamp, that although relatively new in Singapore, is an established and known name globally. To say that this program was tough is an understatement, but all the same, it was one of the most fulfilling journeys I have taken. I remember when week 1 ended, we all had our share of doubts; how were we expected to code an entire web application when none of us had any coding knowledge to begin with? Thankfully, every single lecture we had was gearing us up for the final 2 weeks. We were first introduced to concepts on a most basic level, and before long we got to see how each element interacted with and built on one another, and finally we did it - the simplest web application in the form of a Mister Cocktail page. Suddenly it seemed like our final project had the foundations that we could build upon. Together with my team, we worked on Svanna, a food sharing platform aimed to grow the community and reduce food waste - I am extremely thankful for the patience and guidance from Prima &amp; Guido, for believing in us and motivating us even when we didn't believe. I am also thankful for the opportunity to make 8 brilliant friends, my coursemates who I believe will continue to succeed in whatever they may choose to do!Read Less",le-wagon
"With motivation, you will learn a lot more. Le wagon offers a fullstack program, but teachers offer resources to go deeper. After le wagon, they are still there to help you learning more, find a job or maybe create your startup. Even as a freelancers,... Read More teachers and other alumni will help you. Thanks le wagon for my job :)Read Less",le-wagon
"The experience at Le Wagon was really fantastic! First of all, I was finally able to acquire skills that I had been aiming for for a very long time, but first I had to finalize my studies to enable me to follow this training. Le Wagon allowed me to remember... Read More that I really enjoyed creating things and putting my creativity on paper. Indeed, my studies and the different internships or jobs behind them had taken me away from all the creative aspect that the web could represent. I also had to question my skills and face frustrations but also moments of happiness! Coding is a discipline in its own right and the learning and outcomes can be far from what I could have done before! It was a real challenge and I have no regrets about having followed this training that I wanted to start since 2017 !Read Less",le-wagon
"The best decision I made in my life. They told me: “start coding and your life will change” and it was right like that.I never thought could be programing in 9 weeks, even when I never had any computer skills! Take time to do the prep-work the most conscious... Read More you can; much better will be your performance during the bootcamp.Being a product-driven bootcamp make's Le Wagon, not only a coding school, even more a life-changing experience where you will gain skills to be a dev, PM or entrepreneur.And one more thing, DO FLASHCARDS!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been curious about digital technology for years, but being a project manager in a full-time role, I didn’t know how and where to start learning next to my job. As I decided to change my career in the beginning of 2019, I intentionally planned to... Read More take a learning sabbatical for myself and finally learn to code before taking on a new job. With little research online, I found Le wagon and wanted to check it out first hand. I went to Barcelona to attend the demo day of the previous batch, where I talked to teachers and previous students and experienced their final products myself. That experience convinced me that it was the right decision to apply for the full-stack bootcamp at Le wagon.The bootcamp was an intense experience, with at least ten hours of coding each day, but after every day in the camp, I felt smarter than the previous day. After weeks of lessons and buddy coding we moved into team projects, building an AirBnB clone for renting pets and further to build our own project within the final two weeks, a friend finding app called BuddyUp. After just 9 weeks, I had the pleasure to present our web application on the demo day, the event I had just attended a few months before.Attending Le Wagon in Barcelona has not only given me the chance to learn and work together with talented and motivated individuals from all over the world, it has also given me access to and valuable skills in technology that I draw on in my new job, a business role in a tech company, as well. Unlike some of my classmates from the bootcamp, I didn’t become a developer, but I learned how to think like a developer and that helps me in my job every day.Read Less",le-wagon
"I finished the full-stack program two weeks ago in Amsterdam (Batch 309).If you're reading this review, you may be wondering if Le Wagon is for you. You may be concerned about the course languages and/or frameworks - Ruby and Rails (as well as HTML, JS,... Read More CSS, etc). Le Wagon will teach you concepts and how to solve a problem, not only syntax (although you'll need the latter to master any language). Concepts can be transferred to any language and the fact is that any organisation you want to work for in future will have a different take on what framework suits their projects best. Here's another reality you should consider - no matter what language a boot camp teaches, there's a good chance that the taught language will not be in production in 10 years from now - that's the nature of tech.I'm 36 and an accountant by trade. I've done quite a few online courses in various languages over the past few years and coded some entry-level apps/scripts/macros to assist me in my day-to-day activities. Nothing impressive by any standard, but it gets the job done. With each online course I tried I always reached a glass ceiling - a point where I couldn't go further. I've always wanted to up my game, and Le Wagon gave me the tools to do just that. I'm amazed at what can be achieved in 9 short weeks. I now have a fair understanding what it takes to write an app, as a team, in any language. I now read code of professional projects with minimal effort on my part, and have also identified and reported issues on a public Github repo as well. I'm no ""dev master"", but I'm definitely a level up from where I was.If you're serious about learning to code, just go for it. Le Wagon was just plain amazing and I'm sure you won't regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 5 years working in the Food &amp; Beverage industry in marketing and sales, I felt the need to develop technical skills in order to gain more freedom and efficiency in my day job.During my career, creating weekly reports on Excel and Powerpoint was... Read More part of my duty. I am a person who doesn’t like to do the same task over and over. So, I learned the basics of VBA programming and find a way to automate the creation of these reports and be able to spend more time analyzing and providing useful recommendations. Excel became my best friend when it comes to improving my efficiency at work allowing me to focus more on added-value tasks. But I felt limited in the creation of tools to go even further.As a marketing manager, I had to work with digital agencies to improve our online presence, starting with redesigning and improving the performance of websites. I felt truly frustrated not being able to make adjustments myself. I learned how to use WordPress in order to make tiny changes. But again, I was limited and wanted to deeply understand how a website works, how everything fits together.Back then, learning how to code seems necessary to me. I tried to self-learn coding with free online resources and by attending coding events. It was a good starting point, but I felt quickly discouraged by the lack of guidance and the lack of purpose. The full-stack developer program of Le Wagon seems to be exactly what I needed: a team of professionals with a tailored learning process to guide you and the challenging objective of creating a real product from scratch in only 2 weeks. It appeared to be very promising!My experience at Le Wagon clearly exceeds my expectations! I wanted to learn basic programming languages and bring technical skills to my background. I came out of this experience with technical abilities, personal growth and unique opportunities. This is such an empowering investment!- Le Wagon provides you with a clear process: at first, I felt lost and overwhelmed but quickly, I was able to apply the key concepts in practical exercises which gave me a clear vision of what concretely I will be able to create by myself. Starting with Ruby, you learn the key-concept of a coding language which gives you better ease of learning other coding languages after it. Then you learn how to manage the database using SQL, how to design a beautiful interface using HTML and CSS, how to add interactivity using Javascript to improve the web page manipulation, the interaction with the user and the webserver. Last but not least, you learn Ruby on Rails providing you the structure for all the code you write.- Le Wagon gives you a product vision: I not only learned how to code, I also learned how to create a product from scratch. Starting with an idea, defining the core functionalities according to different user stories, sketching out the wireframe with basic UX/UX concepts, defining the database architecture, designing the mock-up using Figma and last but not least, coding the different features using back and front-end languages. Oh! I forgot, and you learn how to pitch your product in front of a large audience. Of course, you are not doing all these steps alone, you work in a team of 3-4 persons and develop soft skills in order to deliver a quality Minimum Valuable Product on time! During the 2 weeks project, I developed both technical and soft skills that are required when you work as a developer or a product owner.- Le Wagon team is always here to give you the support you need: each day, teachers, TAs and all the team is present and dedicated to help you grow. Most of the teachers and TAs did Le Wagon bootcamp before, so they know exactly what difficulties you face every day and how to help you make the most out of the learning journey. The fact that they already went through the bootcamp also reassures you that IT IS POSSIBLE and YOU CAN DO IT!! The rest of Le Wagon team is also really supportive: whatever your needs are, you can always count on the staff to help you find a solution! Le Wagon team isn't there to put pressure on you, but rather to support you and sometimes to cheer you up when you need it. Personally, I was a bit lost and needed help to better understand the type of role I could apply for after the bootcamp. The community manager reassured me and shared with me the resources I needed to have a better vision of what to expect in my future career (Contacts, forums, events, organizations, companies…).- Le Wagon gives you the opportunity to grow your network. Le Wagon not only teaches you how to code but also helps you to get a foothold in the tech industry! They organize many events (Le Wagon Talks, Lunch &amp; Learn, Meet-ups etc.) where you can meet and learn from experienced tech professionals. They also are really well connected with the startup ecosystem which gives you the opportunity to connect with innovative companies and be inspired by great entrepreneur stories. Le Wagon is part of a huge tech/startup community, so they can individually, help you connect with the right person depending on your needs. When I started Le Wagon, I was new in Montreal and didn’t have any network. Thanks to Le Wagon, I developed my network and even find my partners to start a business with!- At le Wagon, you will have a lot of FUN! I didn’t expect to have that much fun. The great community of open-minded people with a diverse background and the positive and caring culture of Le Wagon is just the perfect combination to be yourself and enjoy every moment of this intensive experience! It reminds me of the holiday camp: you don’t know what to expect and at first, you stay “vigilant”, then you get to know people and realize it is a safe place to be yourself, learn new things and surpass yourself while having fun; you don’t sleep that much because you want to appreciate every single minute and make the most out of this experience until it is the end and you already feel the nostalgia and you want to do it all over again! The difference with summer camp is that you will never lose connection with Le Wagon community because you will always be a part of it!The future is so much brighter now! Thank you!LéaRead Less",le-wagon
"Amazing 9 weeks experience with great teachers who are passionate and motivated. The learning technique is very good, the exercises are very good and allow you to understand the programming languages.The training is complete and permitte to see the different... Read More aspects of the job, from thinking to designing the project.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a young graphic designer specialized in printing, I am passionate about my work. Nevertheless I have always been interested in the web and its creative possibilities. So I came to the car with the intention of learning new skills on the web. I had... Read More already done a little bit of programming but according to an artistic goal, very far from the algorithm. During the bootcamp skilled teachers and technical assistants provide excellent coaching. We see a lot of notions likes Ruby, Rails, OOP, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javacript. And yes all that! It's possible. The experience was very intense but thanks to the whole team I had a great time. At the end of this experience I leave with lots of new knowledge that I will be able to reuse in my freelance work. I am filled. So thanks to Le wagon :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I was trained as an engineer, and have worked in research and development, designed and quality for 5 years. But it was all very niche - to take a car analogy .I could have turned to online courses and learn yet another handful languages, but from my... Read More practical experience there is no substitute for dedicated mentoring, and the experience of working on projects as a team. Both of which are cornerstones of Le Wagon bootcamp.So after closing a chapter in my career, I decided to enroll in Le Wagon in Lyon.The program is every bit as good as others have commented on this site. Curriculum is very solid and well designed, up to date, well adapted to complete beginners, and certainly very efficient at turning them into competent junior developers by the end of the course. From the point of view of a seasoned veteran, watching that metamorphosis felt like a little miracle - while the result of very hard work from both students and teachers.Speaking of which, the teaching staff in Lyon is excellent - competent, dedicated, available, and friendly. I was lucky to have extraordinary teachers in my university years, and I am happy to say the guys at Le Wagon are very much up there counting among the best!Also of note was the strong sense of camaraderie and cooperative mindset among students of our batch.The feeling of belonging to Le Wagon's network of alumni and staff is no small part in its successful formula.By the time team projects started (7th week onward), they were gone - replaced by the thrill and passion of building actual products.Long story short: I highly recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"It is a great gift to give to ourselves : it's incredible what we can achieve in this short period of time. And it is possible thanks to all the great people at Le Wagon (teachers, staff, TA, other passionate students)!The content of the courses are very... Read More well structured and the teachers were really helpful and patient.9 weeks of very intense work, and it's worth it !Read Less",le-wagon
"I went to Le Wagon after a freelance periode because i wanted to learn the good way to develop website and has a videogame lover, i wanted to learn more about programming. Le Wagon fulfill all my expectation ! Very nice team and very good content. It... Read More was great experience and im very exciting to make profit of it right now.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was a fresh grad with a degree in Systems Engineering (ElectroMechanical Systems). I started exploring web development during my capstone project in the last year of my university where I have to come up with a web application... Read More to log data from sensors and displaying them. Even though web development was not taught in my course's syllabus, I found myself enjoying to learn the concepts of web developing on the Internet. Hence, out of interest, I had found Le Wagon to kickstart me towards that direction.I had so much fun during the Bootcamp! Even though the Bootcampwas intensive, the instructors and my batch mates made it possible for me to enjoy every second of it. The Bootcamp also provided us with coding challenges every day to enhance our problem solving capabilities, which motivated me to try to complete every single one of them, and time felt like it passed so quickly. The toughest part of the Bootcamp for me was definitely the final project, where all the concepts came together since week 1 and it was like an examination to come up with an actual viable product to showcase to the world. Initially, my product pitch in week 5 was simply a travel application which is able to plan and organize itineraries for trips. However, the idea evolved constantly throughout the rest of the Bootcamp, following feedback from my batch mates and the instructors. My final product called Trails is now a planning application which is able to collaborate with people to plan activities, with templated checklists (and delegate to people in your group), and is also able to map all the activities with locations on a single map. Looking back at how much my initial idea has developed, I would say don't be afraid of coming up with ideas which may seem stupid at first, as you may never know how far can your idea grow. Quoting Prima, one of the instructors in Le Wagon: ""Great products always starts off with crazy and funny ideas"".I could not have imagined that it was possible to build a web application in just 2 weeks which I actually took close to 4 months to build back then in university! Overall, I would say the journey was not easy but definitely an enjoyable experience and an amazing opportunity to be the second batch of students to graduate from Le Wagon Singapore.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was trying to launch a start-up and quite quickly bumped into the reality of costs constraints... How to move on, creating the product you wish to launch, and limiting costs? And then a friend advise to join Le Wagon... Me? Was I the right person? Never... Read More written a single row of code before..... I just siad to myself: ""Ok, let's take up this challenge..."" I very quickly realized that I never had a better advice in the process of launching my own business. 9 intense weeks of coding program, to give me the essential understanding, knowledge and autonomy to build up a mock-up first (during the 2 weeks project of the bootcamp), and then the product itself. A fantastic support in my project has also come from Le Wagon team. People that encourage you to follow the path you chose and are available to support in your journey. It has been a great opportunity to join this course and I truly recommend it :)Read Less",le-wagon
"The Le Wagon coding bootcamp is so much more than a 9-week course. It starts with thorough prepwork, alumni get life-long access to the learning platform packed with video-lectures, slide-decks, assignments, career advise, etc. Students are diverse in... Read More experience, culture, and age, yet are bound by being highly motivated. After the bootcamp you'll stay connected with a great network. During the bootcamp skilled teachers and technical assistants provide excellent coaching. Apart from Ruby, Rails, OOP, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javacript, you learn to work in teams, design products, pitch ideas, and demo prototypes. At the end, teams build products from scratch in only 9 days. It was amazing what we all pulled off at demo day.I started working in the digital branche way back; in the last 15 years as a UX designer and user researcher. I felt a nagging knowledge gap with regards to actually *making* products. That's why I chose to quit my job and seek the adventure. Now I feel better equiped to go back to designing. But first I'll give it a go to become an entrepreneur and launch my own app. The past months did change my life. Good value for money.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a growth marketer working FinTech before I went to LeWagon. I've always liked the idea of being a developer and had been freelancing as a front-end developer at the same time. I felt that I needed to boost my skills and go full-stack to make any... Read More significant career changes. LeWagon's nine-week program provides a well-designed curriculum taught by a host of knowledgeable teachers and TAs. They were not joking when they said it was going to go by really fast - you learn A LOT over the course of nine weeks. While this may sound daunting, the teachers and TAs were highly knowledgable and experienced developers themselves. I felt like I was in good hands in the program. By the end of the program, I felt up to speed on what I needed to know to begin creating my own web applications. Even after the program, I'm in touch with my teachers and the entire network of alumni. I'm extremely happy with my choice to make the jump into full-stack development and I could not imagine a better program to have joined. PS: Do your flashcards.Read Less",le-wagon
"The best thing about being in this bootcamp is to feel ready to start a new career as a developer. I have already had some experience coding in Javascript, HTML, CSS, React and Flutter. So, to me, it was very profitable. Maybe the part of front end could... Read More have been more emphatic.Read Less",le-wagon
"My background is somewhat different from the usual student of a coding bootcamp.I was trained as an engineer, and have worked in research and development, designed and built production grade software for a couple decades. But it was all very niche - to... Read More take a car analogy I was an expert at making the most efficient pistons, but barely litterate with engines, and clueless with vehicles.To put it in simpler terms, I could write software, very good software, but not an application.This had been a frustration for many years - many ideas not pursued for lack of knowing where to start...I could have turned to online courses and learn yet another handful languages, but from my practical experience there is no substitute for dedicated mentoring, and the experience of working on projects as a team. Both of which are cornerstones of Le Wagon bootcamp.So after closing a chapter in my career, I decided to enroll in Le Wagon in Tokyo.The program is every bit as good as others have commented on this site. Curriculum is very solid and well designed, up to date, well adapted to complete beginners, and certainly very efficient at turning them into competent junior developers by the end of the course. From the point of view of a seasoned veteran, watching that metamorphosis felt like a little miracle - while the result of very hard work from both students and teachers.Speaking of which, the teaching staff in Tokyo is excellent - competent, dedicated, available, and friendly. I was lucky to have extraordinary teachers in my university years, and I am happy to say the guys at Le Wagon are very much up there counting among the best!Also of note was the strong sense of camaraderie and cooperative mindset among students of our batch.The feeling of belonging to Le Wagon's network of alumni and staff is no small part in its successful formula.I will admit that at times I had doubts if I had made the right choice enrolling in the bootcamp, especially at the beginning when the learning curve was still gentle for a veteran coder.By the time team projects started (7th week onward), they were gone - replaced by the thrill and passion of building actual products with young and talented teammates.Long story short: I highly recommend Le Wagon. Even at a later point in ones career, it's a great place for old dogs to learn new tricks.Read Less",le-wagon
"I did le wagon in order to learn how to build an MVP of a business idea that I was working on for two years. My expectations were quite high, and I trusted the bootcamp to deliver thanks to an experienced developper that strongly recommended it. Let me... Read More tell you that I was not the kind of person to even have a look at what a program is, it all looked very mystical, and I did not want to deal with it! But experience forced me to demystify it, and even code myself 😱.I couldn't find any curriculum online that was adapted to my way of learning. To be honest, the challenge seemed incommensurable at the time. Am I really going to be able to build a website from scratch after 9 weeks (I mean it's nothing) ? 🤔 Well, it wasn't easy! There is a say which states that 'You learn best, once you're out of your comfort zone', I was out of it EVERY single day! (reading it is different from experiencing it...) Not comfortable and, most probably, the BEST decision I have ever made! I have built that MVP 🚀. I even enjoy coding now 🤓!!!!It is a life changing experience, indeed. And in so many ways! I learned how to build a first version of the Project, and most importantly, I met with incredible people! They keep on teaching me every single day 😎. That's what le wagon is, a strong technical learning experience that embodies a powerful sense of an international Community ready to help, anytime.Thank You !Read Less",le-wagon
"The hardest, most intense and fun experience of my life.My experience in Le Wagon was really life-changing. They provided me with the tools to start a new career or even combine my previous Business skills with the new technical skills I acquired. The... Read More teachers transit from super serious to fun in a heartbeat, creating a highly productive and enjoyable environment.It's no pick-nick! If you're not 150% committed to this, you won't stand it! The intensity starts even before the classes begin, with the prep course. Be prepared! Take one month off before the course starts to be able to make the most of this prep which is crucial to your success during the classes.The results are REAL. You will come out the other end with the necessary tools to start your career as a programmer. You'll also be part of a global community of alumni and you'll make friends for life. Make no mistake, though: it's still a long endless road after that...I definitely recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
It's an awesome bootcamp that will take you from beginner to job ready in just 2 months. The teachers are very knowledgable and kind towards the students. The curriculum is very well designed and the community is incredibly helpful. If you are planning... Read More on joining a boot camp in Tokyo I highly recommend Le Wagon.Read Less,le-wagon
"Beware that you will not leave this program as a fully operational Dev. That takes months/years of learning and practicing. That being said, LE Wagon Lille gave me all I needed to do complete the first steps to understand object programming, gave me key... Read More knowledge in Ruby, SQL, HTML, CSS , Javascript so that I can now build some cool shit. That's what you get from Le Wagon : the necessary knowledge to keep performing/learning on your own or in your future team. Of course there is still a long way down the road, but damn it was great to learn all this. The staff kept pushing us to be better, to learn to do our research, I met some great people. Hard to grasp how much we learned in those 9 weeks (because that is A LOT) but my only regret is not doing Le Wagon earlier.I recommend it 100%!Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon is a very powerfull bootcamp to follow if you want to become a fullstack web developer.During the 9 weeks, you will be accompanied by very high level teachers who will help you to understand all aspects to create fast and efficient web applications.... Read More Pedagogy is also turned on the methodology and the state of mind to be a good developer. At the end of the 9 weeks, you will practice your skills with a team during 3 weeks working on 2 projects. These 3 weeks permit to learn to work together what will be essential for the future.If you want to improve your skills as a developer or change your life, don't hesitate a second !!After the Wagon, I started developer freelance and I give classes to Wagon Lille.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was majoring in Chemistry, and at the end of my 2nd year of university I realized I would not enjoy working in research nor academic field. I didn't have a good unified field theory of career selection or passion, so I explored a lot... Read More to assess my strengths and develop interests. From taking classes outside my major to competing in business case and marketing competitions, and finally ending up on the Le Wagon website. My university is a technology university, but becoming a developer or working in the tech industry almost never crossed my mind because the way they taught us in my ""Introduction to Information Technology"" class in freshman year instantly killed my interest in programming. However, the start-up culture and presence is really strong around me, I realized that almost every solution to today's problems involves programming. So, I told myself to give programming another shot, because often times you hate something only because you don't understand it. Thanks to Le Wagon, I never thought learning how to code could be this fun, it was still challenging, but the teachers and the curriculum helped me to re-gain my love for learning. I was surprised with how much I enjoyed coding and wanting to learn more and more day by day. With Le Wagon, it is not just about learning how to code but you also have the chance to develop your entrepreneurial and leadership mindset. During the bootcamp, we worked in pairs so we got accustomed to working with peers or pair-programming. Having a buddy who was better than me accelerated my learning process, and helping a buddy who was struggling, deepened my understanding and helped me to develop higher quality code. I learnt that having a great team is so much more important than having a great product idea. I think Le Wagon is a great investment to kick start your tech career.Read Less",le-wagon
"The wagon is a program carefully designed to be as concrete as possible and suitable for students of all levels. The courses are very clear and are immediately put into practice with an extensive exercise bank. The system of teachers and teaching assistants... Read More available on demand for one-to-ones allows the most comfortable students to progress faster and improve their skills more advanced exercises while less comfortable students are offered more extensive and personalized explanations.In addition to the very effective pedagogy, the atmosphere is very pleasant. We meet people of all ages and professions, among whom there is a feeling of true fellowship.Undoubtedly one of the best experiences of my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has an amazing approach of teaching, based on intensive training and exercises all day long, led by a fantastic team of teachers and TAs. I've always been passionate about the start-up world, but always frustrated not to be able to code, or understand... Read More it.Now, thanks to this 9-week intensive program, I can build a website from scratch, and the skills I acquired are absolutely precious. I never thought I would be able to achieve so much in 9 weeks.So I can say without hesitating that applying for the fullstack intensive program was the best investment I've made so far.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a business student with a strong taste for technology and design, attending Le Wagon Montreal has been such a great decision for taking my passions to the next level. Before attending the bootcamp, I had some basic knowledge in programming but did... Read More not ever find the motivation to go further and to work on real &amp; interesting projects. After these 2 intensive months, I can confirm that everything I've learned has opened the doors to the development industry, which is exactly what I was hoped for. I am now able to have technical conversations with developers, which feels great.The bootcamp is nothing like the university, but you will likely learn way more than at university, and retain more information after the bootcamp. Why? Because of the combination between the smartly designed challenges &amp; classes, the friendly &amp; passionate atmosphere, and the final team projects that involve using all of the skills learned in the previous classes. After the bootcamp, I still have to finish my 3rd year at uni, but I use my free time to continue learning new programming skills on the side. Thanks to the bootcamp I feel confident in learning any new programming language or skills, and I have found some freelancing projects that are starting to add up in my CV. As a piece of advice for prospective students: make sure that you are willing to commit 100%. Everything goes very quickly; try to use every second wisely during the bootcamp to learn, make mistakes, have fun, have a chat with the great teachers and staff! Finally, after the bootcamp, do not go back to your ""normal"" life. The skills that you will have learned during these intensive 9 weeks are irreversible; take advantage of them wisely and improve on them immediately!Read Less",le-wagon
"Un cambio de vida, gran enfoque en los negocios, lo recomiendo. Excelentes profesores y predisposicion. Clases y contenido bien pensado para agilizar las enseñanzas.Life changer, great focus on business, I recommend it. Excellent teachers and predisposition.... Read More Classes and well thought out content to streamline the teachings.Read Less",le-wagon
"I would not recomend le wagon. It was maybe good when they opened but now they teach technology that nobody uses any more. I heard some one in my city at a meet up call it the boot camp people go to to not get a job. During the project week they are more... Read More interested in having good presentations so they look good then actually teaching the right skills to there students to get hired. They also ask the students to write these good reviews before the boot camp is done, so the students don't realize how useless this bootcamp is and how they dont actually know anything when they go to apply for jobs. I would advise to look at there former students linkedin to see where there working and compare that too other boot camps. This boot camp is not worth 10,000$. It is a scam and a waste of moneyRead Less",le-wagon
"I studied Mathematics at University and after graduating I wasn’t quite sure what career path I wanted to go down. I ended up working as a financial analyst for a government organisation, but before the two year mark I quickly realised this wasn’t where... Read More I envisioned my future. What I did know is that I wanted something more mentally challenging that also allowed me to be creative.During my studies, I remember regretting not making use of the extra curricular classes that taught programming languages and so it remained on my list of skills I wanted to have. I started looking up coding courses that I could do in my free time, however it never really kicked off until a friend of mine recommended Le Wagon. We attended the Demo Day at the Google for Startups Campus in our home city London and were more than impressed. It was then that I started the Ruby Track on CodeCademy and realised just how much I enjoyed it.I wanted a break from London, as well as better weather so I decided to apply to Le Wagon Bali. There was a part of me that questioned whether I was making the right choice, and if it would be better to do the bootcamp in my home city instead, however I can without a doubt say that I made the best decision to pick Le Wagon in Bali.All the teachers, Guido, Eli, Prima, Gian-Luca, Rayhan &amp; Sonia were fantastic and were really committed to the academic learning of the students as well as their mental well-being. They went above my expectations and would often stay behind after class to go over concepts or help with issues we were having so readily and happily. I learnt so much from them, but most importantly I re-gained my love for learning and a new found passion for web and application development. I feel confident and excited to now start a career in tech which I find absolutely amazing considering my position just a few months ago. I can honestly say Le Wagon Bali has been one of the best decisions to invest in myself that I have made in a while.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le wagon I was a bit lost, I had just finished playing hockey having to step away because of injury &amp; my mind was starting to go in a lot of different directions. When you spend so much of your time dedicated to one thing, a sudden change can really... Read More mess you up mentally &amp; that leads me to explain my experience at Le wagons bootcamp....It's quite scary being 21 from Canada travelling across the world to learn how to code; something which I knew absolutely nothing about. The first day was intimidating, seeing all these different classmates with prior business, product, and even programming knowledge that I didn't have. A lot of times you want to just give up and quit. I remember week 1 trying to 'iterate through a hash'... and thinking ""I'm never going to be able do this I should just throw my laptop out the window"", but with the help of the teachers and other classmates everything started to come together &amp; FAST. Le wagon's bootcamp may not be considered tertiary education in some people's eyes, but they provide you with connections and resources that you could never hope to find on your own. By the time week 9 came I truly felt confident in a lot of different things that I had no clue how to do before and that is all credited to the way the course is structured. For anyone who is a little bit lost in their life but has the desire to consume new knowledge Le wagon is a must. I learned it's not just about the code, there are so many other avenues &amp; tricks that are taught at Le wagon to help you find the perfect setting for you in this rapidly expanding tech industry.For my final project our team worked on MilesX, an app that allows you to buy and sell airline miles for cheaper business class flights.It was a lot of work, there was a ton of web pages to create, and group disagreements we overcame. All in all I think that having to deal with those hiccups along the way made our project better. Any disagreement always spurred new discussions &amp; having 10 pages made everyone work harder on the APIs, the design, and the basic structure. It turned out really well and I'm personally just happy that our group could learn as much as we did in a 2 week period.For anyone thinking about joining Le wagon, do it. If you have a creative attitude I urge you to explore code. I read recently that only 0.5% of the earths population know how to write lines of code; thanks to Le wagon I can now say that I am apart of arguably the most exclusive club in the world! Why wouldn't you want to join that club too.PS.This is of course my own opinion, but learning to code in Bali is unparelleled ;Reece Soukoroff, Batch 306 BaliRead Less",le-wagon
"It was really an experience that changes my life. Currently, I shifted my life to coding thanks to Le Wagon Buenos Aires.The instructors are the best ones and they clearly chose well all their students because out batch was composed of excellent people!... Read MoreI recommended 100%!Read Less",le-wagon
"I completed the 9-week bootcamp with Le Wagon in Bali, Indonesia in November 2019 (Batch #306). The program teaches Ruby, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, SQL, git, GitHub, Heroku and how to combine everything with the Ruby on Rails framework. Graduates... Read More are able to build web applications incl. backend, frontend, and hosting. In addition, the program touches important aspects such as developing in a team, testing, dev ops, and design. In general, the bootcamp curriculum is very well thought out and fully enables graduates to start building.I’m a 31 years old mechanical engineer and MBA from Germany. In the last five years, I have founded and build a hardware startup in the field of measurement technology for industrial customers. While communicating with our software developers in the role of a product owner, I always felt a communication gap due to my lack of experience in software development. My motivation for the bootcamp was to close this gap and ideally being able to develop a Minimum Viable Product myself for my next startup idea.The Bootcamp has exceeded my expectations, especially in terms of the breadth and depth of practical skills being taught. Each morning begins with a two-hour lecture followed by challenges for independent study, where you can exchange ideas with a student buddy or get help from a teaching assistant if needed. At the end of the day, there will be a live coding of individual students in front of the whole group. Those who still have the energy after 9-10 hours of programming can recapitulate what they have learned at home with ""flashcards"" i.e. virtual index cards.I most liked the methodology and didactic the program follows. Especially the daily challenges are perfectly set up with a gamification approach. Regular successes keep motivation high and the day flies by very quickly. I started a pure online course before and unfortunately had the opposite experience. I can 100% recommend the Le Wagon bootcamp as a full-stack web development in-person program.The location of Bali is excellent because it makes it possible to relax on weekends in fantastic surroundings. In addition, almost all the students have traveled to Bali for the bootcamp and can concentrate on the program without distractions.Read Less",le-wagon
"Just to start things off, I had no prior coding experience at all before joining this Bootcamp, I was a project coordinator for a local architecture firm before joining an F&amp;B company managing a small group of tenants. My journey started somewhere in... Read More 2018, I took part in a nationwide competition for entrepreneurs, I was convinced I had a great business idea, it paid off and I made it to the final round. On the day of the final pitch, I was put down at every possible moment for not having the technical ability to carry my business to the next level because I lacked the necessary programming skills. Needless to say - I lost the competition. A few months later, the incubator I had applied for had created a platform using the same idea I had pitched to them. What came next was a situation familiar to us all - I went through a period of self-pity and disappointment. I thought I was just not good enough and returned to my old mundane job, got back on the hamster wheel, and started grinding my life out hoping for something to change – which never happened of course. It was a painful lesson but all this time I kept reminding myself that I was going to learn basic programming one day so I would never be in a situation like that again. It was in June of 2019 that I came across Le Wagon online. Most of their Bootcamps are located in Europe and across the world, they were even starting out right here in Singapore which would have been so convenient for me. But one location seemed to call out to me more than anything – Bali. I knew from the first moment I landed on the website that I wanted to learn how to code in the Island of the Gods. I dropped Dirk an email and soon enough we were speaking over the phone and he told me everything I needed to know about the course. A couple of months later I was on the plane to Bali to start the next chapter of my life...The first two weeks of the Bootcamp I was clueless and lost. I had no idea what was going on and I was afraid to approach anyone for help. I was just so used to studying on my own but the load was really heavy and even staying up late nights burning the midnight oil was not helping. I was struggling to keep up with the pace of the course and I even started to question my intelligence at certain points. I didn't know if it was more comforting or worrying to know other students were going through the same thing but at least we were all in the same boat. As the days went by, we spent hours and hours learning and coding, slowly but surely everything was starting to make more sense. I won't go into so much detail as to how the course was structured but all the small pieces of the puzzle were finally coming together to make this beautiful big piece of art. The teachers were patient with us throughout and never lost their temper even when we bombed them with so many questions every single day. Looking back now after the Bootcamp, I finally understand how Le Wagon was training us to just keep taking whatever life throws at us and not to give up. It was not something I thought I would have ever learnt at a coding Bootcamp. We were all thrown into the deep end of the pool and we were struggling to stay afloat. They say that's the only way we learn how to swim – when our lives depended on it.And learn to swim – we all did !During the final weeks of the course, I was fortunate enough to have some students vote for my pitch to work on for the final project. The final two weeks after were some of the toughest but most rewarding weeks of my life. It was not just about coding anymore. It was about learning to code and learning as a team. We could all sit in front of our computers and watch multiple ""learn to code online"" videos but this part of the Boot camp was something that could not be found anywhere else. It was at times frustrating working within a team especially since everyone comes from diverse backgrounds. Working in a team setting always causes some tension and stress and some mornings, I felt like giving up.On the other hand, what I did not know was that the teachers have all seen situations like this countless times before. They spent hours sitting with the whole class guiding us through the process. They helped us from a personal and technical level. It seemed as if the teachers cared more about us and our projects than their actual teaching jobs to be honest. I learnt to be a better team leader and to exercise patience. The teachers were key in encouraging us to continue learning and kept pushing us. It was heartwarming watching the teachers help every single student in the class. Some of us understood concepts better, some of us didn't but they gave the same amount of attention to every single one of us and the required help that we needed. They never said no to us it was encouraging knowing how much the team at Le Wagon genuinely wanted us to learn. I was not the brightest student in class, neither was I the most hardworking. The only attribute I possessed was an honest willingness to learn. Le Wagon kickstarted my coding career and set up the strong foundations to build on my journey into the tech industry. It wasn't just about programming and coding, it was about learning to code in a real time stress environment with a team and finding ourselves in one of the most beautiful places on earth.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a lab research assistant before coming to Le Wagon. My Bootcamp experience was quite a roller coaster, as I almost quit the first 2 weeks. However, with the help of the TA's and teachers, I became more confident and more comfortable with the assignments... Read More and lectures. I don't regret choosing Le Wagon because I'm so satisfied with the experience I had. The final two weeks were really good because that's where you actually put everything you learn into motion, which is very rewarding and I felt that I made the right decision in choosing Le Wagon. l would definitely recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to learn how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a degree in computer science and 12 years of experience as a C++ developer. Who would have thought that I could have benefited from a 9 week intensive fullstack coding bootcamp ?# Exec summaryDo it.# Why?Following my first life as a developer,... Read More I have progressively drifted to a more managerial position. And years after a years, I began to feel the frustration of knowing exactly what I wanted to code and being unable to.Off course I had started teaching myself through online courses. But believe me I was not completely satisfied with what I was able to produce.Don't get me wrong, online platforms are great. But in a few months after deciding to commit to code again, I had only managed to complete a few courses. I was far from my objective of being able to give life to any idea crossing my mind using code.Nothing will replace the expertise and the vision of a team of talented developers in touch with the tech ecosystem. I happened to know none in my close relations. And where to start?I was lucky enough to know a couple of friends having attended Le Wagon in Paris and Bordeaux, France. Both of them had had professional experience in more business oriented positions and were completely code agnostic before Le Wagon.After talking to them, I decided I should enroll in the program and give it a try.Here is my review after having attended Le Wagon fullstack program, batch #250 in Paris, Q2 2019.# Prepwork:I think it is important to take the time to properly go through every aspect of the prepwork if you intend to take on a coding position. Everything that you see will be of use at one time or another.# Daily life:The teaching method has proven its value and is quite efficient:- repetition (prepwork, morning courses, afternoon live code)- practice (daily challenges + optional exercices)- collaboration (coding buddies, end of program projects)- energy (the educational team is ultra cheerful and high spirited)- and some rest (parties, community events, yoga)# Students:I thought that the diversity of the profiles both in terms of background and age was very enriching.Being in contact with beginners was for me the opportuniy to dive deeper into my understanding of the core concepts through the help of others students.# Teachers:The team both of teachers and non teachers is extremely supportive and helpful.Many thanks to them for always taking the time to respond to my silly questions with no practical application whatsoever - what can I do, I think I came to like Ruby ;)# You:The fulltime program is quite intensive, even for someone already familiar with the underlying concepts of development and of the web. You will not get bored, as the daily challenges also include optional challenges with increasing difficulty.I think you should start the program well rested and committed. The courses progressively jump from one notion to the next and you will not get the time to get overly comfortable in a specific area of expertise.# Plaftorm:The teaching platform is a very well crafted jewel and is very convenient. I am looking forward to produce an app of my own with this level of quality.# Conclusion:Overall, I think that the program is a perfect blend of energy, collaboration, technical expertise, UX/UI vision, and product approach.After 9 weeks including 3 weeks of team projects, I found myself able to bootstrap or join any coding adventure.Of course I will continue to teach myself using the Le Wagon teaching platform, community events, and other online courses.Le Wagon gave me the kick start I needed to get back on track.A big thank you to the Paris team!Read Less",le-wagon
"I just completed the Full-Stack Development Bootcamp with Le Wagon in Bali, Indonesia (Batch #306). In 9 intense weeks, we learned the fundamentals of web development, culminating with us building from scratch two working prototypes. The pacing, teachers,... Read More and curriculum organization were absolutely top-notch to learn launching a well-designed project quickly.Before joining Le Wagon, I was an accountant and business consultant for five years in Washington DC. While I’ve always had a passion for entrepreneurship, I lacked the skills to turn my ideas into reality. Through this (demanding, yet fun!) program, I feel comfortable with my programming foundation enough to continue working on my own after the course. I started a new project just days after!The typical day looks like this: Arrive around 8:30/9, about a 2 hour lecture to learn a new topic for the day, and then from 11-5:30 you pair up with a classmate to work on challenges at your own pace. At 5:30 we have another lecture/livecode/group activity. The whole time the teachers are there with you every step of the way to answer questions or clarify concepts. Perhaps one of the most worthwhile and beneficial parts of Le Wagon is access to high caliber teachers. For me, this is the biggest separation from learning code on your own.Overall, I had a very positive experience with Le Wagon. I feel like I have a completely new set of tools to reshape my career going forward. Whether you’re interested in changing your career path, pursing side projects/companies, or simply to learn a new skill, I’d 100% recommend the decision to go with Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"My story is probably not too uncommon, but I initially joined the Le Wagon full-stack program hoping to learn how to program, and hopefully seeking a career change. Admittedly, I was initially skeptical as to how much value I would get from this 9-week... Read More program, but having finished the program I would have to say it was one of the best decisions in my life! Having started with just a mere interest and basic understanding of programming, I came out of the bootcamp learning and accomplishing more than I ever imagined, and feeling even more motivated to continue learning more about programming and it has shifted my career towards this industry. There are so many things that it does right, and I do have to commend its approach to teaching its content as well as the teaching staff who are very supportive and hands-on with your learning. Also, learning alongside with such an amazing and diverse set of peers, who all have the same motivation and passion for programming, made this experience less of a lonely one and it made me feel like I was part of great community!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Batch 281 at Le Wagon Montreal I was working in B2B Marketing for IT. The job was ok but there was no room for growth in the company. I felt stuck and really wanted a change. But I also didn’t want to go back University for another 2-4... Read More years. A 9-week bootcamp sounded perfect. So, I applied.Flash forward a few months to the first week of “camp” and right away I knew it wasgoing to be worth it. Our daily schedule was honestly the best part. Class was only an hour and a half long, followed by a good 6 hours of practical exercises. Learning to code is hard and the only way to develop and get better is to practice as much asyou can. Believe me, you practice at Le Wagon.By the end of the 9-week marathon I had built so many things it was amazing. From simple math programs, to a multi-page e-commerce site with full front and back endcapabilities, it’s hard to think that it was only back at the beginning of July that I started all of this. Everything I’ve said so far alone would make doing the bootcamp worth it. But thereis so much more to it. I met and made new friends, made fantastic network connections, attended my first hack-a-thon, and joined a network of amazing Alumnifrom around the world. I loved my time at Le Wagon Montreal and wouldn’t change the long hard hours and large team projects for the world.Read Less",le-wagon
"my trip with the Paris wagon. When I started thinking about participating in The Wagon, many people tried to discourage me by telling me that I can learn all these things online or that the market is already saturated with developers. Some thought I would... Read More find the coding boring, even though nothing could have been more boring than my old Job. I was a physical trainer but I was bored. I worked in France and England but I was bored. Then I made the decision to make the car and applied. What can I say except that it was exceptional. I'm not disappointed that I did it and my only disappointment is that I didn't do it sooner. Everything is magnificent from the premises to the people we meet, the evenings with the alumni. The content of the courses is rich and well explained. The teachers are patient and know how to get you back on track if you ever let go. It's intense especially during the first 3 weeks but you have to hold on and not lose hope. Things integrate into you without you noticing. I didn't think I would be able to succeed in this adventure, the teachers supported me and motivated me until I unblocked and headed for success with the certificate. every week you have an after work and different activities which makes you feel like you are part of a big family. And indeed we are a big family with links all over the world. If you hesitate any longer, you will miss out on an extraordinary adventure that can change the course of your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had no technical background or experience at all when I decided to join Le Wagon, I have a degree in Literature/Philosophy and had spent 8 years in education recruitment - so quite different! I’d been contemplating making a career change for a while,... Read More and did a lot of research into different options before I landed on the idea of a bootcamp course. I applied to a few of the different bootcamps in London but was leaning towards Le Wagon for a number of reasons, two of them being how welcoming and friendly Alex was when I had my interview at their (really cool) London campus, and secondly how active and connected their alumni network is. I wanted to be part of something that doesn’t suddenly end when you finish the course, but is about giving and receiving support for the long term. I was accepted onto the course that started in July 2019, and the course itself was a complete whirlwind of great fun with awesome people. The days were intense and I dreamt about code pretty much every night, but they have perfected the balance between hard work with social activities and really nice touches, like cake every time it’s someone’s birthday (which was a lot), yoga, pizza lunches and other social events to help everyone let off steam. The curriculum builds day by day in such a way that feels so natural - you don’t realise how much you’re learning until you’re suddenly building entire web apps! I absolutely recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to learn to code without hesitation.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been running my own media company for about a year and a half after deciding that teaching English was not challenging me professionally or personally anymore. I had reached a point where going it ‘on my own’ was my only real attractive option.... Read More Being a first mover came with certain advantages within my own market. However, this was short lived as the technology I was deploying became more user friendly, readily available and affordable. This slowly pushed me to want to stand out of the competition and offer something my competitors weren’t. This is what initially made me consider learning how to code. I also felt that I had an innate knowledge gap that I was intent to fill and fulfill a personal objective. I visited various coding bootcamps in order to get a ‘feel’ for each one and see where I would best fit in. After having my initial contact with LeWagon I was convinced it was the best option. Their no-nonsense, personal, one-to-one approach during the initial communication is what finally made me decide that it was the bootcamp I wanted to attend. I haven’t looked back at that decision since. From day one I noticed that I was surrounded by an intelligent, driven, passionate and international class. I came to know that it was in fact the most diverse batch even to have come out of Barcelona and it really showed throughout the course. I am naturally a slow learner; I like learning on my own pace and the bootcamp did feel overwhelming at times. The peer and teacher support however were incredible throughout, giving all the necessary support along the way. Every morning, teachers came to class with an unparalleled passion for their areas of expertise. This passion resonated towards me and helped me stay motivated through thick and thin. The most giving element of the bootcamp was definitely the inspiration that the staff gave me to learn and grown and I know many of my peers agree with me on that. During my time at LeWagon I pitched an idea for a mobile app to help airport passengers find interesting things to do during long transits. It was eventually voted on and chosen as a final project. I had the pleasure of leading an amazing team to build the application in the last 10 days of the bootcamp and finally pitching the prototype to an audience at the final demo day!As for me, I took a long and well-deserved holiday immediately after finishing the bootcamp. I then went back to work in my media company. After two months I landed my first web-development project for company here in Barcelona. Not only am I able to create content for my clients, I am now able to integrate this content into their current websites or build new ones for them out of scratch. I now feel ahead of the curve again. The bootcamp was, for me, just the start. I’m more eager than ever to improve my coding skills, collaborate within different disciplines and stay on the ball! To all the talented and inspiring staff at LeWagon, Thank you. FahadRead Less",le-wagon
"J’ai fait la formation du Wagon à Lausanne en Avril 2019 à 17 ans. J’avais déjà quelques bases de HTML, CSS et JavaScript car j’avais commencé à travailler dans une startup. Mais je dois dire que j’ai été surpris par tout ce que j’ai appris pendant les... Read More 9 semaines. Je ne pensais pas apprendre autant en si peu de temps. C’était dur, mais au bout de quelques jours on prend le rythme et on se prend au jeu. J’ai bien aimé aussi qu’il n’y ait que peu de théorie et beaucoup de pratique avec des exercices, des projets et du travail en groupe à la fin. Au final en sortant de la formation, j’ai continué à me former (sur React) et j’ai trouvé assez vite un poste dans une entreprise.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I started thinking about attending LeWagon, quite a few people tried to discourage me by saying that I can learn all of those things online or that the market is already saturated with developers. Some thought that I will find coding boring, even... Read More though nothing could have been more boring than my previous jobs.I have signed up for codecademy a few years ago and found it really appealing but with a full time job and no one to ask for help whenever I encountered a difficulty I abandoned it quite quickly.It was in the beginning of this year that I have gathered the courage to quit my job and enroll at the bootcamp and my only regret is not doing it sooner! It is very intensive and if you have not used your brain in a long time it can be quite difficult at first, but the good thing about LeWagon is that there are plenty of teachers and teaching assistants that are there to help and you can also ask other classmates for advice. The real fun starts halfway where you can put everything you learn to practice and create real projects and be creative, no one tells you what to do - you decide!During those 9 weeks I acquired skills that I never imagined myself having and now have a kit of valuable tools!Read Less",le-wagon
"Lawyer until June 2018, I did batch #250 at Le Wagon Paris between April and June 2019. Before Le Wagon, I created my training organization in October 2018. Since a very young age, I was interested in computers. Fascinated by coding, learn it was the... Read More next logical step.Because of my schedule and after looking a few different schools, there was one in particular that caught my eye. It was Le Wagon ! Why ? They teach you « coding » in only 2 months, and they make it very easy for you to reach your goal right after (find a job, start your own business...).I've never learn so much in a short period of time !The most amazing thing that I truly value during my time at Le Wagon was meeting so many like-minded people. Not just meeting our teachers and cohort, learning in a co-working space got me a chance to meet different entrepreneurs, developers, designers... It helps me to stay motivated and inspired throughout my coding journey. The teachers and teaching assistants are always there to support you and you will be learning a lot really fast.And you know what ? I’m now, in turn, a teaching assistant at Le Wagon Paris.A big thank you to Le Wagon Paris and their staff for making this whole bootcamp a life changing experience.If you are wondering whether you should do it or not. Just stop wondering and go for it, you will never regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having been into tech for some time, I joined Le Wagon in Bali between graduating from uni in London and starting my job in ecommerce at Amazon a few months later. My goal was to acquire the skills necessary to evolve within more technical roles within... Read More the tech industry or be able to put together a product quickly if I ever wanted to start a business.Le Wagon promises to bring technical skills to creative people and delivers on that promise splendidly.As you start the bootcamp having seen some of the products presented on demo day, you think ‘There’s no way I’ll be able to do something like this’ but as the weeks pass by your ability to build grows exponentially and everything starts coming together. LW provides all the skills you need to put together a well-functioning, well-designed app. I was lucky to be able to build my product idea in a team of 3 and the end result exceeded in every way the expectations that I had for an MVP.First you learn about the inner workings of Ruby, Object Oriented Programming and the MVC pattern, that will let you build the back end of your project. You then learn the UI/UX side of things with HTML/CSS and JavaScript. Finally you learn to make everything come together with a developing framework (Ruby on Rails) and get plenty of opportunities to practice by building two web apps.About Bali:I literally cannot think of a reason why someone would choose to do Le Wagon anywhere else than Bali. It will cost you less to fly in and out of you country and live in a villa near the beach and live comfortably than rent a room and live day-to-day in a big city.I also cannot think of a better learning environment than Bali. Let me illustrate my point with a description of perfect day at LW Bali:6:30am: Wake up and drive down to the beach on my scooter for a surf lesson8am: Come back home, jump in the pool, shower and head to Le Wagon. The classroom is on the rooftop of a hotel with sea view. Get an omelette for ~£1 from the hotel’s kitchen, get ready for the day.9am: Go over today’s new concepts in the 1h/1h30 lecture, settle with my buddy for the day on the bean bags on the terrace and start work on today’s exercises.12:30am: Lunch break. Go with some classmates to one of Canggu’s restaurants (they’re all super close), eat a filling and healthy lunch for a fraction of what it would cost me in London. Head back to LW.1:30pm: Solve more problems, they usually get more and more challenging as you get through them. Raise a few tickets if I get stuck on some exercises.Around 5pm: Live code time, a teacher presents us with a problem that we have to solve in teams right there, and then we go through the solution all together.6pm/6:30pm: Head to a bar/restaurant on the beach with some classmates, share a beer and a dinner, watch the sunset.8:30pm: Go home and go over today’s flashcards to internalise today’s new concepts. Sleep early to feel energised for the next day!All in all, the quality of living is so good that you can focus truly on getting as much as you can from the program. The vibe is relaxed enough that you don’t feel FOMO from working a lot but dynamic enough that there’s always somewhere exciting to go on the weekend.About the people: The core team is amazing and makes sure that everything works out fine. When I had a last minute passport issue, they worked with me and found a last minute solution that solved the issue. They’re people you can talk to seriously if there’s an issue but that you can also have fun with on the weekend.As for the students, the people that do LW in Bali are often ppl that travel to Bali specifically for the bootcamp. As such, the classroom becomes your main source of socialising and you develop a tight community feeling. There are more people that are professional and come here to transit to something new than say, college graduates. The Bali effect means that age barriers don’t really apply there, I was the youngest of the batch and never once felt that was an issue. Everyone comes with their own background and everyone leaves Bali with an international network just from that classroom.Wrapping up:I left LW feeling more empowered than after 3 years of university, and probably learned what would have taken me at least 2/3 years to learn by myself in my free time. Also taught me how to learn, after the bootcamp I was able to build my own personal project from scratch with only the help of Internet when I got stuck (and a few posts in LW’s Slack ‘Help’ channel :))I know some other bootcamps are way more job oriented and will spend time on acing developer interviews, or will train you super hard in one language so that you can get a job as a developer in that specific field. If that’s your ambition, those bootcamps might be a good option for you. Who LW is for: the budding entrepreneur, the creative, the guy who wants to become a product manager. LW focuses on letting you build stuff.Read Less",le-wagon
"Although I'm 56, and never touched a line of code for 22 years, programming has always been a subject of interest to me. I enrolled in this 9 weeks program to better understand how computing has evolved in the past 10 years, and yes I learned Ruby, OOP,... Read More ActiveRecord and SQL , CSS, some Ajax, Rails, and most of all how to work in TEAMS. Le Wagon learning system puts a special importance on working in teams which prepares the student for today's computing corporate environment.As a student you obtain access to le wagon Dashboard that monitors your daily progress and is loaded with information, examples and comprehensive exercises per subject. You have access to this Dashboard for life which is a priceless tool to stay up to date and to refresh your memory on particular subjects.The staff in Montreal is outstanding, they take the time to listen and help you when you are facing difficulties. During this 9 weeks session a number of presentations were organized where companies came to meet the students , and some got job offers even before they finished the session.Le Wagon's is an intense program that will teach you tons of material and teach you the methodology to learn better and faster. Compliments to Le Wagon !!!Read Less",le-wagon
First time in my life where I felt that instructors were truly approachable.I loved the experience and can't fault the school for anything outside a few personal preferences (i.e. more time on ES6 &amp; learning Python as opposed to Ruby). The quality of... Read More instructions was great and the school was flexible enough to allow students to set their own goals.Read Less,le-wagon
"It's been three months since I finished Le Wagon's Bootcamp and I'm pretty happy how things have gone so far.Well, prior to Le Wagon, I had been working as Product Manager in Rio de Janeiro but I've never had the chance to really dive deep into technology,... Read More which has been my goal since I figured it out this was the market that I'd like to work on. As a PM, it is really important to evaluate the customers' needs, to know how to deal with the different stakeholders and, of course, understand what has to be done to solve the customers pains. However, in the startup environment, things happen really fast and your pace must be equivalent, in order to deliver value to the customers and its investors. Thus, I felt that I had a technology knowledge gap which was holding me down to take higher flights.As soon as I felt that I needed to take this step deeper into technology, I found about Le Wagon and, since from reading its syllabus, I felt that it would be a great opportunity to learn and evolve as someone who wants with technology for life.I took part of the #261 batch and it was a great opportunity to meet new people, exchange experiences and, of course, learn a lot of new things. The bootcamp is really hands on, with a lot of practical exercises and with a dynamic really similar to what is working as a developer in the real world. The student really needs to look for the answer, debug its code and learn from its mistakes. Also, what impressed me was the product driven mentality from it, which lacks in a lot of companies and is a huge differential among other developers.After struggled a lot, I'm pretty sure I'm on the right track. At the moment, I work at Stone Pagamentos, the most valuable payment company in Brazil, as a developer and I'm sure that the Le Wagon took a huge part on it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Étudiant et intéressé par le côté entrepreneurial je suis venu au Wagon Bordeaux avec la volonté d’avoir les compétences nécessaires afin de concrétiser mes idées.En plus de compléter mon cursus d’école de commerce, cette formation m’a permi de découvrir... Read More toutes les opportunités que pouvaient offrir ces compétences techniques.À présent, je souhaite me diriger vers le métier de Product Manager puisque cette une fonction m’a particulièrement plu lors de notre projet de fin de batch où nous avons choisi de créer une plate-forme permettant d’améliorer le service en pharmacie.Au-delà des compétences, Le Wagon m’a permis de faire des rencontres super et enrichissantes avec des personnes de différents profils!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as a project manager in tech before I decided to learn to code. I find coding an incredibly powerful and creative way to solve problem. I tried to do a couple of online courses, but it never stick to me. So I decided to take the leap, commit... Read More all of my energy to doing the in person course. Le Wagon was the perfect choice - not only because of the incredibly curated curriculum but also because of the amazing community and support that continues even after the bootcamp.My greatest takeaway was that I learnt to absorb great amount of information. At first it all seems daunting but later it all falls into place.My advice for anyone joining is to try to prep as much as you can before the course, commit to it and don't give up, it will all pay off. ' Soon after finishing the bootcamp, I stared working as a full stack developer, using React and Node JS.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I had just finished a year long internship at a big corporate where I was tasked with a bunch of innovation projects involving technology. The biggest thing that stood out to me was the disconnect between the technical teams and what... Read More they referred to as “business”. This was by far and away the biggest challenge to building large scale, successful technical solutions at that company. So I thought I would do Le Wagon so in the future I am able to bridge that gap. I was hoping I’d do well to come out the other side able to hold a conversation with a developer. Little did I know that you really could become one in the space of 9 weeks. It is a truly effective programme that goes fast, but not unmanageably so. I really feel like we have covered the fundamentals quite extensively, which was a fear I had when considering this. The greatest thing for me was the product focus of the programme. I am pretty sure that in no other setting could I get that level of digital product understanding because the reason for it wasn’t just the content, but all the people as well. You get a real entrepreneurial spirit at Le Wagon and it translates into how teachers help you, what you discuss in spare time, what you build for final projects etc. Final projects, the way Le Wagon sets them - with design, development, deployment and marketing all covered, is simply an awesome way to learn! In the end I am so happy with the decision to go and it has been life-changing, just as advertised. Before, I was an aspiring entrepreneur having to work for someone else because I couldn’t find a technical co-founder, now I am doing my university degree while building 2 startups from the comfort of my home.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon Bootcamp with a rather precise product idea that I wanted to develop, without knowing how to execute it. I left Le Wagon with an Minimum Viable Product (MVP) properly developed with my team thanks to the help of the outstanding staff.... Read MoreI kept on developing the app for a while with my co-founder that I met during the bootcamp, but eventually our paths separated and I decided to keep working on the product that will be released soon.If you want to create a web product and that you don’t have any concrete knowledge about code, Le Wagon is a good first step to master this technical environment.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve been interested in programming for a few years now, starting with a little bit of Javascript that I learned on Internet. Then when it was time for me to go to university I decided to learn physics because I knew that I would find a way to learn to... Read More code elsewhere at some point in my life.That’s when, a year later, I’ve heard about Le Wagon and decided to go for it! And that’s how I took one of the best decisions of my life! To go to Montreal and do this two months INTENSIVE bootcamp was for me a life-changing experience. I insist on intensive because it really is! You’ll breathe, eat and dream (literally) of code! But thanks to an incredible team and teachers, everything will be fine and you’ll enjoy it!This experience at Le Wagon Montreal, of course, taught me to code but also about team work, and showed me how hard I was able to work on a project if I was passionate about it. It also helped me develop the ability to ask for help! (Because let’s face it you’ll need it at some point, which is fine because the team and your buddies are there for you!)Now I can’t wait to do more and more projects! Your only limitation after Le Wagon will be your own determination and motivation to learn more!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon a été pour moi une expérience incroyable.J’ai découvert des outils technologiques et j’ai appris à les maitriser. Ça été aussi une véritable expérience humaine.Ces 9 semaines sont passées à une vitesse folle et me voilà aujourd’hui armé de compétences... Read More techniques dépassant mes attentes.Au Wagon on n’apprend pas qu’a coder, on apprend également à apprendre, à tel point qu’il m’a fallu à peine 2 semaines pour apprendre un autre langage complémentaire (Python) et il m’a fallu autant de temps pour décrocher un gros contrat avec un client asiatique.Les professeurs sont tout simplement géniaux : pédagogues et présents. Ils ont été un élément clé aux nouvelles compétences techniques que je suis fier de posséder aujourd’hui ainsi qu’à l’obtention de mon Certificat Niveau 2 (RNCP).Pour réussir au Wagon, il faut simplement y croire et s’accrocher. On se rend alors très vite compte de notre progression quotidienne. Ça va vite, même très vite, mais avec simplement un peu de rigueur, vous aurez rapidement l’impression d’avoir appris autant en 2 mois qu’en 2 ans !Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve always been a nerd but I’ve never had the patience to sit down and code, let alone where to start. I remember the first weeks of the course, having done the prep work I thought we would be eased into the world of coding with a few theory-based lessons.... Read More Instead, I found myself learning how to use the terminal on the first day, and I’m pretty sure my first line of code was written on the second. Thank code it was practical, I’m the type to switch off if I’m not engaged by what I am doing. Each week we would complete a set of challenges. Each week it would get more complex there would be moments where I was pulling my hair out, however, the teaching staff were always on hand to help breakdown the problem and help me reach that eureka moment. The part-time course was challenging and it’s not for the faint-hearted. You are about to embark on a journey of trials and tribulations for 6 months. But my, it is worth it in the end. I’m far more competent than I ever imagined. My reason for doing the course was, having some entrepreneurial spirit I’m always hatching an idea. Whereas in the past, I may have cobbled together a landing page, using some HTML template and a series of trials and errors. Now I’m capable of building a web application and this is what I plan to do with my newly found free time. Well, at least some of it. This course is for entrepreneurs and wannabe developers alike. I would also say anyone working in the tech sector would benefit from this course. I myself work for an app and this course has enabled me to understand conversations that in the past would have gone right over my head. Viva Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I've always been curious about coding but I never pictured myself as a developer. I always thought that it was some sort of world that was reserved only for the skilled and extra-smart people.One day, after talking to a friend who had done the bootcamp... Read More I visited the Le Wagon's webpage, I realised that my ideas were far from the truth and learning to code was something that I could actually do.Now, after finishing the program, I realise that I enjoy coding more than I initially thought and there's a whole new world ahead of me.Doing Le Wagon's coding bootcamp was for sure one of the best investments in my personal and professional growth.All the content is carefully organised in a way that at the end, we end up being able to build a web application from scratch, and only in 9 weeks!!The teachers were all top-level! Every single one of them, covering all the topics, they were well-versed on the subject-matter and that was very reassuring.The learning materials were also designed in a way that are so cool to use and revisit whenever we need. Even today, when I'm developing some new project, I go to Le Wagon's Kitt platform to review some topic or video lecture. Having access for life to this knowledge repository is worth the investment!The management staff was also extremely professional and always caring for our needs. They made constant efforts to make sure that everybody was keeping up with the pace and always made us feel comfortable and at home. For me it's still a joy to go the school for a visit, hangout with new friends or to do some work from there.Also it's worth mentioning the worldwide community that I'm part of now. Le Wagon's online network allows us to share whatever issue with our fellow Wagoners that are across the world and that's also very comforting. I now feel that I'm part of a new family :)In short, learning to code at Le Wagon really changed my life for the better and I really recommend to anyone who's willing to make the plunge into this exciting world.Read Less",le-wagon
"I dabbled in coding when I was in high school but never thought to pursue a career in it. I have a bachelor's degree in business economics and after spending over 4 years as an ophthalmic technician I decided I wanted to do something different. The Bootcamp... Read More was definitely a challenge for me, and I struggled initially in a good way. I think the structure of the Bootcamp and learning method worked for me. Short and intense lectures every morning and then the rest of the day to work on what we learned that morning. It's really an incredible learning curve and it was amazing to see how quickly i progressed. The resources that Le Wagon provides are outstanding. The learning platform we used, Kitt, is great because all the lesson material is in one place and we can always refer or check the lecture slides and knowledge base because we have lifetime access to it! I worked on Lavender, a platform for social investment as my final project. I especially enjoyed JavaScript - one of the many programming languages we learned in the Bootcamp. It makes dynamic websites and I was able to code the features in the final app we presented at the end of the Bootcamp. I enjoy every part of the development process but my favorite is working on the front end because of its creative potential, because I can see the results immediately. So I think for anyone interested in coding, I really recommend Le Wagon because you get to explore different languages and eventually you'll see what works for you and maybe you even discover what you want to do with these new skills. Doing the Bootcamp in Bali was a great decision. Le Wagon has locations all over the world but I felt that coming from Los Angeles, it would be a similar environment. The weather is great and I don't think there's any place I'd rather learn to code in. You have this great view from the classroom and it's all positive vibes. Spending 2 months in Bali really makes a huge difference.Before I started the Bootcamp, the goal was to learn how to code and produce creative products and solve problems. I was able to accomplish all of that after 9 weeks, that's pretty crazy. I definitely had to work hard throughout the program but it was worth it. Le Wagon has helped me start the journey to pursue my interest in building scalable, innovative products that can make a positive difference in its users' lives.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was studying Business Economics when I met a friend who introduced me to the world of coding. I immediately started studying on my own and tried to get to a solid level but quickly learned how difficult it was without any real guidance.... Read MoreThis is where Le Wagon Bali came in. I'm not going to lie, I was extremely skeptical before joining the course with major questions like ""Can I really learn to code in only 9 weeks?"" These concerns were immediately addressed when the course began. Le wagon's meticulously planned course, along with their incredible instructors, taught me more than I could have possibly anticipated. I learned 50 times more in 9 weeks in Bali than I did in 3 months of studying on my own. I went from essentially knowing nothing to building my own fully functional web-applications.I am extremely grateful for the experience they provided and I seriously couldn't recommend Le Wagon any higher to someone who wants to learn to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"Batch 276 - Le Wagon BordeauxAttiré par le monde informatique, j’ai décidé de me lancer dans l’univers de la programmation web. Voulant entreprendre une formation accélérée, je me suis naturellement orienté vers la formation du Wagon.Après avoir assisté... Read More à plusieurs meetups organisés dans leurs locaux, j’ai été séduit par le contenu de la formation, l’ambiance et cette passion que souhaite véhiculer les membres de l’équipe.Le bootcamp m’a permis de valider des compétences techniques, d’acquérir une méthodologie de travail, de bénéficier d’un réseau professionnel international de plus de 6400 alumni et ce fut une expérience humaine hors norme.Pour résumer, si vous êtes motivé et persévérant, cette expérience au Wagon ne sera que du plaisir !Je recommande les yeux fermés !Read Less",le-wagon
"After more than 10 years as an operational and financial director, I recently decided to launch my own company. Quickly, I felt frustrated by my lack of technical knowledge and necessity to rely on others to do even a simple landing page, and thus decided... Read More to join Le Wagon. With no prior technical knowledge, and Uni being a vague memory for me, I have to admit that those 9 weeks were pretty intense. But between the amazing teachers and the mutual support between students, it felt like one of the most vibrant experience of my life. More than skills, Le Wagon teach you to be product oriented and above else, made me part of a family of vibrant professionals, always looking after each other. Thanks to Le Wagon, I’m now finalizing my landing page and will soon launch an MVP of my product, myntee.ioRead Less",le-wagon
"Fantastic program. I started with NO programming knowledge and by the end, I was able to build on my own a full Ruby-on-Rails web app that impressed interviewers so much, I was offered a job. The curriculum is strong, however, it is not easy. You will... Read More have to work hard and review at home in order to succeed, especially since the fullstack program is condensed into 9 weeks. That said, you will have the support of your drivers (teachers) and fellow students to lead you on your journey to success.Read Less",le-wagon
"Graduated from a business school, having worked in finance, marketing and business development in the Real Estate Industry and Banks, I was seeking to develop my entrepreneurship skills.I always was excited intellectually about coding, starting like many... Read More financial persons on excel and going through VBA to automatize many processes of the working place I used to work into, improving the fluidity of the operational part, diminishing repetitive actions and minimizing human risks.Deeping myself into the code, was for me a necessity, mainly because I always want to learn about everything, but moreover be able to understand, communicate and exchange in my future jobs (that will for sure be in the tech industry) with either technical or business persons.What is the most surprising in this experience, is that you came to learn code, thinking that you will spend hours on your computer, and going back home exhausted. Well, most of the days you will...But some other days, starting paying attention to your environment, you will meet incredible people, with outstanding background: from the person being a monk over the past 10 year looking to change his life for good, to the marketing / HR persons looking for to have shift in his career passing through the professional tennisman and brilliant entrepreneur passionate about investment.Having such diversity is what makes this Bootcamp something bigger than just a learning experience. Maybe not everybody leaves from here, having new best friends, but for sure you are now a part of a new family. It's just up to you to dive yourself into it. So, what I'm doing now ?Having a focus on the product I dedicate my recent days to work with my CTO in my start-up on the UX / UI (being more interested in the front aspect) conceiving and achieving our product.At the same time, I'm on my way to pass jobs interview to join two persons of my project team (grizbi) that has been hired in the same place, a consultancy firm dedicated on digital transformation integrating technical aspect in his reflexion and having a environment similar to the one that you can find in le Wagon.And finally but not the least, as I always wanted to involve myself in education, I had the opportunity to join Le Wagon's team as Teacher Assistant in order to help and follow the new student in their comprehension.That's it for me, the rest you will have to discover it by yourself, but first come to the Demo Day to just have a hint of what can be a signifcant change in your life !Good luck on your learning path !Read Less",le-wagon
"You do not learn to read and write to become a writer, you learn it to be able to communicate and actively participate to your environment. Le Wagon allows you to do both: it not only gives you the skills to become a Junior Developper, it also increases... Read More your product and entrepreneurial mindset to be able to thrill in a potential future career in the Tech field. Prior to le Wagon, as a brand new graduate in a traditional Economics &amp; Management bachelor, I had no clue I could be up to learning how to code. We all have this cliché in mind that it is a skill reserved to ‘engineers’. The only skill required to master web development is a true and determined motivation. I first attended Le Wagon to gain independence and be able to create web products from scratch. I achieved my goals following their intense but extremely qualitative bootcamp program, surrounded by an amazing teaching team. What made my experience so unique is that they put as much efforts in teaching students how to code than animating and reinforcing the community. Attending a Le Wagon bootcamp also means accessing several entrepreneurial talks from inspiring startups, attending workshops, have fun during afterworks, and above everything meeting incredible people with whom you will build a very strong team spirit until final projets.Le Wagon is a life changing experience and now that the bootcamp is finished I am starting my Master in Management with full-stack Developper skills, a strong and efficient product mindset, access to professional opportunities through Le Wagon active community, thousands of new ideas and more importantly, the opportunity of evolving in a career I will have chosen. I 10,000% recommended it.Read Less",le-wagon
"You do not learn to read and write to become a writer, you learn it to be able to communicate and actively participate to your environment. Le Wagon allows you to do both: it not only gives you the skills to become a Junior Developper, it also increases... Read More your product and entrepreneurial mindset to be able to thrill in a potential future career in the Tech field. Prior to le Wagon, as a brand new graduate in a traditional Economics &amp; Management bachelor, I had no clue I could be up to learning how to code. We all have this cliché in mind that it is a skill reserved to ‘engineers’. But the only skill required to master web development is a true and determined motivation. I first attended Le Wagon to gain independence and be able to create web products from scratch. I achieved my goals following their intense but extremely qualitative bootcamp program, surrounded by an amazing teaching team. What made my experience so unique is that they put as much efforts in teaching students how to code than animating and reinforcing the community. Attending a Le Wagon bootcamp also means accessing several entrepreneurial talks from inspiring startups, attending workshops, have fun during afterworks, and above everything meeting incredible people with whom you will build a very strong team spirit until final projets. Le Wagon is a life changing experience, and now that the bootcamp is finished I am starting my Master in Management with full-stack Developper skills, a strong and efficient product mindset, access to professional opportunities through Le Wagon active community, thousands of new ideas, and more importantly, the choice of evolving in whatever professional career I want. I 10,000% recommended it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting Le Wagon, I was working as a Senior Consultant for a consulting firm specialized in tech. I was contributing to many projects. Mainly UX/UI, CRM and Marketing projects. But I wasn't fully satisfied because I wanted to learn precisely how... Read More things work. For example in design, you can be a good designer who knows how to use design tools (such as Sketch and Figma). But to become a great designer, you need some serious coding skills. It's really important to be able to differentiate what can be done, how long it will take, what are your constraints due to the tech stack, and so on. So I came to Le Wagon in order to develop that kind of skills and work on interesting projects.I was really (and positively) surprised when I arrived, because above everything else, Le Wagon is a strong community of like-minded people. During the bootcamp, you meet a lot of interesting people who have various backgrounds, and different ways of thinking. This is extremely valuable because you will always work at some point with someone who found the solution to an exercise, but in a complete different way than yours. And this is where it gets really interesting if you are curious, because you will start to study different way of approaching the same problem. And then you will probably come up with several solutions, while being able to assess the pros and cons for each solutions. This is just a small example of why Le Wagon is unique. Teachers are fascinating, very accessible, nice and competent. The staff is very active, and helpful when you need them. Like I said, this a community that lives with strong values, and also digitally with a myriad of Slack channels where alumnis continuously share helpful information, job posts, resources, tips...Frankly, before starting Le Wagon I had fear that I wouldn't find what I was expecting with a bootcamp. But as soon as I started, I felt great and always pushed to learn more. And this was before the life-changing experience of the final projects where you work as a team. This is probably the best moments at Le Wagon, when you realize that, YES YOU CAN DO IT! You can design and develop great websites. And you are not alone to do it! I found exactly what I expected, because Le Wagon gave me the opportunity to improve my coding skills, and now I feel much more confident as a Product Designer as I ever was before, because I have a better understanding of the articulation between design and code. I am able to design and develop my own UI components, and think more broadly about the UX, and how everything will work from a back-end standpoint. So yeah... Le Wagon is great, and if you are a curious and motivated person, I think you should definitely do it!Read Less",le-wagon
"The bootcamp lives up to its reputation : clear and rich content, awesome student UX, great balance between theory and practice, amazing teachers, the overall feeling I learned a lot. You won't come out as an expert, but you'll have confidence that anything... Read More can now be done with proper work and patience !Read Less",le-wagon
"I always was curious and I always was interested in 10000 different subjects. That's probably the reason why I choose to study sciences.When I first discovered code, it was during my studies, and I hated it (probably because of the way it was taught).... Read More But a few months after this horrible experience, I started to read articles about coding, and I saw all the possibilities this simple skill could give. So, day after day I wanted to learn more and I started to use online platforms like freeCodeCamp or youtube to learn the basics during my free time.One day during last winter, I stumbled upon an article about bootcamp, and about le Wagon. I started to make a research, and after two days I decided to apply for the next batch (Yes, it was probably one of the fastest decisions in my life).I'm not sure I can describe this experience in a few words. It was much more than just a ""coding class"". Of course, I learned a million things, that I couldn't even imagine a few months ago. But I also discovered a new way of thinking, a powerful community and a lot of new people that are now friends.It will be hard and very frustrating in the beginning (it becomes easier with time, but frustration never goes away, but so is life). You will probably go home sometimes with the feeling that you lose your time and you don't understand anything. You will wake up somedays with this strange feeling of being an impostor (spoiler alert, there are 20 other impostors with you).The only advice I can give is to trust the process, and more importantly, to trust yourself, things are on their way, and once you started you'll probably won't be able to stop anymore.Now I feel like a kid playing with Lego every day, I just replacing bricks with lines of codes.Coding is the perfect mix between intellectual activity and a manual one, but instead of creating a wood product, you create a digital one.Who would have imagined that one of the greatest human experiences I lived in those last years was going to be learning to play with machines?Read Less",le-wagon
"The LeWagon bootcamp, which i took in São Paulo as part of the batch #296, was one the best decisions i've made to my future and i can give lots of arguments of why. LeWagon focuses on teaching students ruby, rails and JavaScript, using a very unique... Read More dynamic called the buddy system, where you work each day with a different partner and learn skills of coding while improving areas like communication. You still have very good teachers, who are responsible for the classes at the start of the day and can help you and your partners with some problems that may come up during the day. The most important part for me is the amount of exercises that you have to learn during everyday of the bootcamp, using the kitt challenges. In conclusion, The LeWagon bootcamp offers a very good course for your curriculum, where you can learn more about coding and be an dev.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 15 years in audit and corporate finance in a few countries, I was looking for a change and new challenges. One of my relationship suggested I should learn coding and introduced me to Le Wagon. I immediately liked the program and registered for the... Read More summer batch in Paris. As most of the participants, I was a bit skeptical when we started the first week that we could achieve a real VMP at the end of the bootcamp as they told us. The result was beyond my expectation. Not only we managed to do it in the last two weeks, but the adventure was just starting. We decided with one of my batch member to continue to develop our product and to create our on own company which we are currently doing now. A real thanks to Le Wagon and its team (teacher, assistants, staff,…) and to all our batch for this 9 weeks. The organization, tools and community we met were above expectation for me. I definitely recommend the experience for anybody who wants a change in his/her professional life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Recently I became an ex-management consultant and a newly Le Wagon alumni, batch#293 @Lisbon #tooproud. I decided to take the leap once I grew interested in working in a tech environment while attending many client's meetings where digital and IT pain... Read More points and challenges were becoming the center of the discussion. I wanted to join the challenge. Soon I found Le Wagon to be #1 coding bootcamp in Europe, web development centered, hands-on and ambitious program. That was why I chose this team, and I chose well! The community is super engaging and the intense 9 weeks at Le Wagon were sure 1 out of the 5 top experiences of my life. Plenty of good-hearted people, eager to learn and be better. I achieved my personal objective: learned a good crazy language to start with (Ruby!), OOP, MVC and my beloved Front-End, as well as how to tackle product development from the very start to the very end. My advice: join our community :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting the Le Wagon bootcamp, I was and am still currently a finance student studying at a business school here in Barcelona. I decided that since I had a long summer, I would do something productive and meaningful. I also thought that since... Read More I’m studying business, it would be extremely useful to combine coding and business skills. I had heard about Le Wagon through a family member who had done the course and said nothing but good things about his experience. I started to look deeper into the course and saw what other alumni had to say about it. I saw many heartfelt and honest testimonials about how Le Wagon literally changed their life and which direction their career was heading. I thought to myself, “this must me too good to be true”. Regardless, I decided to apply. After getting accepted and hearing what everyone had to say about Le Wagon, I was excited and had extremely high expectations for the course. I can honestly say, without any doubt, that the Le Wagon course changed my life completely. The course met all my expectations and even exceeded them. The amount of knowledge and useful tools gained from this course was worth every penny for me. What specifically stood out for me during the course was the final projects week where we learned to collaborate together on projects. During this week we were provided with assistance that was just enough to guide us and not too much to the point where we were being babied. It was perfect. I was sad to say goodbye to the course, but at the same time excited to pursue my new freelancing coding career. And I realized that although, the course was ending, I would forever be a part of an amazing community that is Le Wagon. From the bottom of my heart, Thank you Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"With so many bootcamps out there I was torn on which one I should I apply for. After some extensive research I ended up choosing Le Wagon. I completed Bootcamp 273 in Bali back in August 2019 and couldn't be happier with my choice. The full stack course... Read More provides you a great grounding in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL and Ruby. It's a challenging curriculum and there were times when I felt like I was simply not progressing or struggling to understand a particular concept, but Guido and the rest of the team were always on hand to help. Besides being challenging the course is also incredibly fun and rewarding. Having an idea in your head and bringing it to life with code is just an amazing experience. At the end of the bootcamp I couldn't believe what our team had managed to achieve. We developed a fully functioning app that served as a platform to match recycling banks with recycling collectors, the idea was to help reduce the amount single use plastic a prevalent problem in South East Asia and I was so proud with what the team and I managed to build. If you're on the fence on whether to go on the Le Wagon, my advice would be to just go for it. You will not be disappointed, it's an incredible life changing experience!!Read Less",le-wagon
"January 2019: I was preparing to quit my job after a 10-year experience in the same company to create one on my own. Launching my start-up was an exciting challenge. But how to start? My project (to promote sports in the workplace) was based on a web... Read More platform. My issue? I did not know anything about coding websites or applications. So, I decided to look for a CTO as a co-founding partner. I shaked my network, and the network of my network to talk with people who had created tech companies or who were working with developers. After some interviews, all were unanimous: it's almost impossible to find an available CTO. As the demand is way higher than the offer = it's a very expensive knowledge"". But ONE word came back three times: ""Le Wagon: change your life learn to code"". This is how I started two months later my incredible 3-month experience at Le Wagon. 9 (very very) intensive weeks to learn a new language. To start a new life. To challenge my learning abilities, more than durung the 10 years I spent developing field agility. Why Le Wagon is a successfull coding bootcamp? Thanks to its pedagogy based on : 1- boisterous rhythm whose strength is that theorical classes(25% daily) are wisely mixed up with practical exercises (75%). When your brain is utterly fried, you keep on underpinning fundamentals notions. 2- People's diversity and background wealth : everyday, thanks to a ""random wheel"" they ""forced"" you to work with a different, new, buddy. Smart move. Besides cultivating a supportive and friendly athmosphere, we created a ""clan"" strong feelings. 3- Everybody is dedicated to your success. Every teacher, teacher assistant or staff member is solicitous for one reason: they were in your shoes a few months or weeks before. To sum up, Le wagon is a professional, human and crazy experience you have to live.Read Less",le-wagon
I used to work in programmatic advertising and I was looking for a new challenge. I felt my profile was lacking of technical skills and I wanted to do something more concrete but in a short amount of time. I decided to do le wagon and it was an amazing... Read More experience. Extremely intense though but worth it. I wouldn’t have imagined my self being able to do what I achieved at le Wagon. I highly recommend it.Read Less,le-wagon
"Who’s going in London for an APM (Associate Product Manager) program? I am!! Am I excited? Yes! Is it thanks to Le Wagon? Definitely!I taught myself a bit about Product Management in my previous job as a project manager, discovered I loved it and wanted... Read More to dive deeper in this career. On job offers, I found out most companies were looking for technical skills and I had a business background. I found trainings, conferences, books, but I wanted expert ‘official’ knowledge that would be recognized as valuable by recruiters. I thought about keeping learning all on my own, but it takes a long time to look online for the best resources and practicing and learning after work on the evening and weekends is not so easy. Le Wagon is a coding school that provides a solid framework on how tech products are developed: you learn how to code, how developers work (methods, mindset), you learn about user stories, user flows, product design sprint, design tools, UX… Lots of skills that can clearly give you bonus points when applying. Teachers are experts in their field and there is a real culture of excellency: students are very motivated and aim for the best, you work A LOT and you have a lifetime access to online resources that are very very very well-made. I loved that during these 9 weeks (and still after!), everyone was focused on gaining the most out of Le Wagon experience.About Le Wagon community: it is clearly one of this training’s biggest asset. People are kind, helpful and always happy to share. I found a job thanks to a Le Wagon alumni through our internal Slack just a few weeks after having finished the bootcamp. I’m gonna be a Product Manager on a SaaS and guess what? They used to only hire engineers. But now I do have some technical skills, so I had my chance as well :)Read Less",le-wagon
"As a civil engineer, I did not have the skills to create the tools I imagined for my business. I had the opportunity to learn the fullstack development with Le Wagon in Paris and it was great! I learned a lot, gained new skills that I can now use in my... Read More daily work.At the end of the training, you are autonomous enough to continue coding on your own and to progress. This experience has given me new opportunities in my career. I recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always wanted to learn code because i thought that Coding was becoming really important for young people who want to become entrepreneur. I decided to sacrifice my summer and immerse myself in the world of code. Guess what? It was not a sacrifice... Read More at all! I discovered that I love coding. Le Wagon has been by far the most intensive and efficient training I ever followed.The methodology, the staff and people were amazing!After 9 weeks at Le Wagon, I was able to make a web app by myself and had enough confidence to keep on learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon is not just a simple coding bootcamp, it is above all an incredible human adventure, which makes it possible to desacralize the world of coding, and to better understand the technological stakes of companies. The Wagon taught me to better understand... Read More the challenges of web development, and to think like a Product Manager.Read Less",le-wagon
"For several years, I worked as a digital manager in the art market field.At that time, I knew some HTML and CSS but I was a bit frustrated not knowing more.A few months ago, I decided to learn coding at Le Wagon to gain knowledge about it and be able... Read More to develop complex websites. Best decision I made ! It was an amazing experience !These 9 weeks at Le Wagon were very interesting and intense. I learned to make websites from scratch: back-end, frond-end, database architectures...and I also met lot of great people.You learn a lot in a short-time, guided by the great staff, always there to help and advise you. You never feel lost ! And the alumni network is very wide, supportive and active all around the world.I recommend this bootcamp 100% for any person who want to learn coding and boost its career, whether you want to become a developer, a product manager or launch your own project afterwards !Read Less",le-wagon
"I am a Product Specialist in a big ad tech company, but my background is in business. Taking Le Wagon bootcamp was the best decision I took in 2019, and probably one of the best decisions I took for my career in a while. Let me tell you why.My role is... Read More to help customers make the best of our advertising solutions. Sometimes it can involve some technical discussions with developers, data scientists or even internally with product managers. Before attending the bootcamp, I was feeling limited in the kind of support I could provide to my clients, or in the type of conversations I could lead. On a more personal level, I was feeling that my learning curve was slowing down. Working in sales, I was also under the impression that I was not necessarily in the right organisation for the type of skills or personality I have; and that it would be harder for me to  stand out and thrive.Now, taking the bootcamp did not magically solve all these issues. Some are  longer-term questions I need to tackle. But first, I definitely feel savvier at my job. With this new expertise, I can take on more technical projects and look for opportunities to collaborate with tech  teams to extend the scope of my current role.  But the best effect of the training was a bit more subtle yet more dramatic. Taking this step back and proving myself I could learn new skills  made me gain an incredible amount of self-confidence.Let me just conclude by talking shortly of the program itself. I loved the fact that is was very practical. Little theory, many exercises in pairs with the help of super-friendly Teacher Assistants.To sum-up, I can only recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"With a business school and sales background, I was extremely surprise by the bootcamp. The methodology, the staff and the people were amazing. My goal was to understand more about the technology and suddenly how it works. Thanks to this experience, I... Read More will be better as futur Sales in tech companies and understand more my customers. I will also be able to start my own company and talk to my IT team, therefore being a better entrepreneur.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has been by far the most intensive and efficient training I ever followed. Within 9 weeks, I was able to create 2 websites with 2 other members as we learnt more than the basic knowledge of programming in modern languages (html, CSS, js, ruby... Read More on rails, SQL). Now, as a growth marketer I can use those skillset to create basic websites, to expand my usage of CMS and to build automation tools. To conclude, I highly recommend le wagon not only for wannabee programmers, but also to entrepreneurs, people working closely with tech team and growth marketers/hackers. Feel free to contact me for more insights,Read Less",le-wagon
"Deciding to attend Le Wagon is turning out to be one of the most pivotal moments of my life more and more by the day. Before Le Wagon, I was on a path that I didn’t truly want to be on. I always had creative ideas, but did not realize how important this... Read More would be with regards to my career choice. I realized as I got older that I wanted to try and make a start-up, but it felt like it was too late for me as I had never studied computer science or written a line of code until fairly recently. The problem was that I was playing it safe by having decided to go to medical school due to a fear of trying to do what I really wanted to do. It was a very risky route to commit to, and the security of being a doctor sounded more appealing on paper, for a while at least. I always would procrastinate and tell myself that I would really follow my passions later, endlessly pushing the entrepreneurial can down the road and while making excuses. Going further into the medical school route, I began to feel a deep sense regret that I was not doing what I really wanted to do. I worried that if I were to make it to my deathbed not having tried my true calling, I would regret it more than anything else that could possibly happen in my life. To keep a very long story short, it was not working out, so I left medical school and eventually ended up at Le Wagon Bali. Beforehand, while I was determining which coding program to attend, I researched my options pretty heavily as picking the wrong program could build a broken foundation and set you on a terrible programming trajectory compared to picking the proper one. Le Wagon appealed to me for several reasons above all of the others. Compared to the closest equivalent American programs, it was much more affordable for a nearly identical curriculum. Just as important though, it was the only course I found that maintained an entrepreneurially inspired, product-based framed approach in its curriculum. With an end goal of wanting to build a startup above all else, this appealed to me above nearly all else. These factors along with the unanimously amazing reviews, diverse classroom locations, and the seemingly awesome culture fostered by the program were why I decided to eventually apply and enroll.Let’s be completely honest here, the program is incredibly intense. It feels as though it moves at nearly light speed to the point where it feels like trying to drink all of the water coming from a fire hydrant. I prepared myself for the program ahead of time far more than was recommended, and I still found myself struggling often. There were days that by the time I would get home, I felt completely dejected and would have no confidence in my ability to even complete the program and learn what was required to make a start-up by myself. I even doubted that the program was legit in its claims at times. However, throughout the course, they always would tell us to trust them and their process, so my batch and I all did that to help cope with our suffering more effectively. Keeping the end goal of the reason I left medical school and came to Le Wagon in mind, to make my own start-up ideas get brought to life rather than just dreaming about doing so for the rest of my life, and with the help of the amazing staff and classmates, I persevered until the end when I finally really understood the big picture. During many parts of the program, it’s admittedly incredibly hard to see the forest amongst the trees. We spend weeks learning concepts as they stand alone, but it doesn’t all come together in a big picture sort of way until the end when the Rails framework is introduced to us to bring everything that we learn together to create real life apps. Everything taught to us during the class that is included in the curriculum is there to be taught to us for a reason. The structure of the program is all very well thought out to teach us what we need to know in the most effective and practical manner. It’s important to note again that due to how intense and fast-paced the program is, much of the real learning is achieved during the final weeks of the program. It’s much more effective to learn these concepts in a practical real-world way by bringing them to work together via developing an actual working product from scratch than it is to learn about them in a stand-alone manner. They all interact together, which is what makes the product-based approach to Le Wagon so amazing. Overall, I’m very happy that I decided to join Le Wagon. The culture that Le Wagon has built is an amazing and inspiring one to be a part of through the suffering and long-days we experienced. The teachers are really the best. They are so patient, helpful, and kind. Many have gone through Le Wagon at some point themselves, so they truly do understand what we are going through. The resources provided to us as students and alumni are both life-saving and game-changing. The learning never really ends when it comes to the software universe, and Le Wagon really does an amazing job at providing a solid foundation with which to build upon for the various futures that its alumni wish to create for themselves. I’m working on bringing an MVP version of my own start-up to life right now as I write this, all thanks to Le Wagon. I was never able to learn these ideas by myself when I tried to teach everything to myself alone, and I am eternally grateful that Le Wagon was able to help me learn how to do this all. I feel that Rails is by far the best framework to learn in order to develop a way to bring your own start-up ideas to life quickly and effectively. Ruby is a very beginner friendly programming language to learn as well when starting off too. I’m grateful that I had a chance to attend Le Wagon, and I would highly recommend it to everyone who is considering enrolling.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon a été pour pour moi une expérience incroyable intellectuellement. En effet, j’y ai appris beaucoup et découvert un domaine qui m’intéressait depuis toujours. Aujourd’hui grâce au Wagon j’ai les outils pour travailler et évoluer dans le domaine... Read More de la tech. Je ne peux que hautement recommander cette formation pour tout futur développeur web ou curieux du web ou de la tech de manière générale.Read Less",le-wagon
"I really enjoyed my 9 weeks at Le Wagon. I feel like I have learned a lot, I now understand much better the logic behind web development, plus I have been given all the tools and resources to be a working independent developer. There is a good vibe in... Read More the bootcamp and the teachers and TA are very competent. At the end of the course you also get tips on how to prepare for tech interviews and they organize workshop in which you can directly meet with hiring companies/startups and Job Agencies.Read Less",le-wagon
"Recently completed the 295 batch in Melbourne and could not recommend it enough. The environment you learn in is nestled within a hub of other startups/tech-centric initiatives so you're always having interesting conversations with other people in similar... Read More fields. I've come out of it hungry to integrate everything that i've learnt but also excited to continuously learn more.The intensity of the bootcamp was something I was weary about at the beginning, but learned to love wholly as you're living, breathing and dreaming code while being surrounded by a bunch of passionate and generally just great humans. There are little nuances in the course to help you consolidate concepts, for all learning speeds which was super helpful. I always felt supported and the peer-programming setup was so integral in learning how to work collaboratively, where you could also experiment and push the envelope. Personally, this helped me immensely when entering the tech industry. Overall I think this is a truly unique experience regardless of what you choose to do with your knowledge after the bootcamp -- it's supercharged my love for tech and I feel a lot more confident and capable to forge a path of my own in the web development world.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is António and I am a graphic designer. I have been designing websites with Wordpress for clients for a couple of years, but the challenges started getting bigger and bigger, so I decided to look for a serious program that gave could give me a... Read More starting point to learning how to code. I found Le Wagon through a friend that attended the bootcamp a couple of years ago and has been working as a developer since then. I knew from him that LeWagon had a great program, but to be honest, my expectations were not very high, since I have no background in programming languages, and also have been avoiding numbers all my life. I thought that in two months it would be hard form me to learn how to develop a full application using a combination of programming languages that I had just discovered existed.The bootcamp at LeWagon really exceeded all my expectations. It was amazing to see so many people with such different backgrounds learning to really develop a project in such a small amount of time. The first day I thought our class was big and that it would be hard for the teachers and TA’s to help everyone, but I couldn’t have been more wrong. Every time I was struggling to understand something, there was always someone there to guide me through the best way to deal with that problem. I was impressed to see that anyone that is willing to commit to the challenge can learn how to code in those nine weeks. The staff at Le Wagon Lisbon are amazing and they really make you feel at home. The overall vibe was amazing and every student from my batch was eager to learn and also eager to help one another when someone else was struggling with a problem.Every day was a wonderful experience and on top we always had a cold beer to drink with classmates at the end of the day.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a background in music education and stage management, I never dream of I could build an app in such a short period of time. Before joining Le Wagon, I tried to learn it myself by completing online courses a few times, but each time I didn't... Read More have a clear direction of how to put all things that I've learned together. Hence, after researching and contact some alumni, Le Wagon stood out from all the rest for me in terms of the price, diversity of the cohort, learning environment, especially the curriculum which is product-driven.Le Wagon for me is joining a community, not a bootcamp. It may seem overwhelming at the beginning but trust me they will provide you with the tools for your success. I love the pair-programming which developed my problem-solving and communication skills, and the flashcards to help me to grab these key concepts in a short intense period. The most amazing thing that I truly value during my time in Le Wagon was meeting so many like-minded people. Not just meeting our teachers and cohort, learning in a co-working space got me a chance to meet different designers, entrepreneurs, developers and etc. It helps me to stay motivated and inspired throughout the coding journey. The teacher and TAs are always there to support you and it will make time fly and you will be learning a lot really fast.The only cons I'd say is ""Why didn't I start this program earlier?"". For the people who are considering to join the bootcamp, I highly recommended and it is definitely worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had an incredible 9 weeks at Le Wagon Melbourne, met some really cool people, and learnt so much! They also provided career counselling with a career coach, which was great. Overall, I left the bootcamp with a lot more confidence in myself as a developer.... Read More Happy to recommend to anyone interested.Read Less",le-wagon
Great experience at Le Wagon. I made the decision to attend the bootcamp in hopes of becoming a digital nomad. It was a great experience and taught me what its going to take to make my dreams come true. I would recommend this bootcamp to anyone looking... Read More to get into the tech industry or just learn a new skill.Read Less,le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon Bordeaux for the batch 276 during summer 2019 and I had never written a line of code before. I worked during 7 years in the luxury retail, mainly in Paris and after so many years, I got bored and needed a change. I wanted something more... Read More accurate with what I expected from life, like being able to work from everywhere ( other countries, from home, at a café ), and creating stuff I love, to people who loves it back. I'm really glad I joined Le Wagon because in just 2 months, I learned so much with passionate teachers who guide you towards this challenge and I met wonderful friends who were in the same situation as myself. Because it was really challenging to learn a completely different job, the bond we created during this bootcamp is strong, and we learned a lot from each other everyday. The skills we acquired then, allow us to build a website from scratch and it's amazing, knowing that 2 months ago, I didn't know any of that!It was a real awesome human experience, and I am so proud I did it because I can now work the way I always wanted to and I met good friends in order to help me creating stuff that we love !Read Less",le-wagon
"Aujourd'hui, les coding bootcamps se multiplient dans la France entière. Avant de faire Le Wagon, je m'étais bien renseigné sur la concurrence. En pleine réorientation professionnelle, j'avais besoin d'une formation présentielle car je manquais cruellement... Read More de motivation pour suivre une formation (dans un domaine où la rigueur et le sérieux sont essentiels) de chez moi.J'avais peur de retourner sur les bancs de l'école et retrouver cette ambiance où on nous fait apprendre des choses sans en comprendre la finalité. Au Wagon, j'ai été agréablement surpris par le contenu pédagogique de la formation tant il était excellent. Nous avons accès à vie à des cours (vidéos et écrits) et des exercices, le tout étant continuellement mis à jour. Cependant le contenu de la formation est très dense il est alors essentiel de travailler sérieusement et de faire preuve de persévérance.Finalement Le Wagon et son équipe pédagogique ont réussi à me transmettre leur envie et leur passion, et je continue à étudier de chez moi avec cette même passion et motivation, ce qui m'était avant impensable. De plus, je me considère aujourd'hui capable de mener un projet web de A à Z. Le Wagon est donc un véritable tremplin professionnel pour toute personne motivée et sérieuse. Cette formation est une expérience humainement et professionnellement très enrichissante que je referai sans hésiter et que je recommande les yeux fermés.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I decided to join Le Wagon, I didn’t know what to expect. The reviews I had seen were overwhelmingly positive but you never know what can happen. My goal was to learn how to code in order to be able to get a job and, of course, continue my learning... Read More journey after the bootcamp.We had to do some prep work before the bootcamp to help us get prepared. I had finished it in time, but I have to admit that I didn’t understand everything.Before the first day, everyone ( teachers and students), met to grab some drinks and to get to know each other better. Everyone was friendly and interesting.During the bootcamp, being obliged to code all day really propelled my skills into another realm, the stuff I didn’t understand while reading about it in the prep work I understood, sometimes on the spot, during the bootcamp by putting it into practice. That would be one of my main pieces of advice to anyone wanting to learn to code : get your hands dirty. Practice over theory. Now that the bootcamp is over, I am proud of what I have learned and can say that, for me, it was an overwhelmingly positive experience. Of course I am still a junior developer at the beginning of my coding education but I now have the tools to keep learning on my own. And perhaps, even more importantly, I made great friends and connections at the bootcamp from all over the world. For the reader that is considering doing a bootcamp, make sure that your expectations are aligned with the program at the bootcamp, because the program is not made for everyone. But once you are sure that bootcamp is for you, I’m sure you will have a great time !Read Less",le-wagon
"Best bootcamp ever! It's not just about technical skills, but an experience for life!After finish Le Wagon I launched my own app! They teach you the most simple and efficient way to code. The staff is awesome and they care kindly of us! I would give 900... Read More stars!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a great time at Le Wagon, enrolling was a decision I definitely won’t regret. Before enrolling I had tried to self teach a lot of the front end aspects of coding and while I made some progress I definitely struggled to put it properly into anything... Read More project wise. After looking at some other courses I kept getting drawn back to Le Wagon because of the remarkable reviews and after speaking to my friends who had more experience then me, I was sure I was making the right decision. The experience was well-designed with the lessons very informative and well-paced so that even though its an intense learning experience you never feel out of your depth. The teachers and teaching assistants are what really make the course, always willing to help and patient when talking through some of the more challenging aspects. At the end of it you really feel like a member of a community. The 9 weeks at Le Wagon London were great fun and I feel ready to enter the tech workplace.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a great time at Le Wagon, enrolling was a decision I won’t regret. Before enrolling I had tried to self teach a lot of the front end aspects of coding and while I made some progress I definitely struggled to put it properly into anything project... Read More wise. After looking at some other courses I kept getting drawn back to Le Wagon because of the stellar reviews and after speaking to Alex I was sure I was making the right decision. The experience was well-designed with the lessons very informative and well-paced so that even though its an intense learning experience you never feel out of your depth. The teachers and teaching assistants are what really make the course, always willing to help and patient when talking through some of the more challenging aspects. At the end of it you really feel like a member of a community. The 9 weeks at Le Wagon London were great fun and I feel ready to enter the tech workplace.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before making the decision to join Le Wagon, I spent over 10 years in the automotive industry and decided it was time to make a change. I did a lot of research before choosing this particular camp and chose it due to the difficulty I had trying to find... Read More a negative review along with the fact that no other boot camp would take the time to explain the course in detail to me (I was actually told by one to call back when I am serious and want to book) whereas Alex took the time to thoroughly go through what I was signing up for.The 9 weeks were intense although looking back I can't believe the level I am at now in comparison to where I started, it was honestly the best decision I have ever made and would highly recommend it to anyone thinking of joining. One of the great things about it was that everyone is at a different level/from a different background and you are paired with a different person until the project weeks everyday which definitely helps progression through the course. The staff at Le Wagon are amazing, everyone is approachable, more than happy to help and always checking on how we were getting on.When the project weeks came around we got to put everything we learned into practice and everyone's work was great, it really showcases how much everyone learned. For our project we made an app designed specifically for mobile to make claiming rail compensation easier for commuters, we learned some valuable lessons, I had great feedback about it in an interview already and I still can't believe how well it turned out, especially considering the level we were all at when we first started.I'll finish by saying if you are reading this thinking about joining or trying to decide which boot camp to sign up for, (like I was 4 months ago) stop looking and get in touch with Le Wagon, you will not regret it!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"Whether you are looking for a career change or an entrepreneur looking to put your idea into practice, I can definitely recommend Le Wagon!I decided to make a career change from Marketing and Communication to coding after I had attended a one day coding... Read More workshop at Le Wagon Barcelona and worked on several small personal projects afterwards.I looked at several other boot camps and chose Le Wagon based on the combination of reputation, price, length of course, class size, diversity of the cohort, course content, teaching environment and approach, but mostly the focus on building a product and developing problem solving skills.I wasn't really sure what to expect as I was very new to the world of coding, and I remember that one of my biggest fears was to take this course and realize that coding wasn't for me. But the opposite happened. I completely fell in love with code, and had that sensation of finding a box with endless tools that enable you to build great things. The passion of our teachers and the motivation all the students bring to the course each day creates a unique atmosphere that really let's you thrive and advance at an incredible speed. Besides the great program Le Wagon has set up and the skills and concepts they teach you, the community (teachers and alumni) is incredible! There is so much support and resources which I found to be very very helpful especially after the boot camp!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining the bootcamp I was working as a Learning Program Manager for B2B training at NUMA, a french accelerator. I wanted to switch the way I was working and decided to learn software engineering. I wanted to become a Product Manager and knew that's... Read More I lacked of knowledges on this field. The bootcamp gave me clear insights on the skills and tools required to develop product and helped me find the right company to grow as a Product Manager.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a degree in physical therapy, and decided to change careers. When I found the idea of ​​bootcamp, I liked it, but I had a fear, after all what is promised is something serious. Today after finishing the bootcamp of Le Wagon, I have only to praise... Read More and thank, the whole course is very planned, the methodology wonderful. It was a life experience. Would highly recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 2 years as a Tech Recruiter specialised on the web development market, I needed a change as I realised I was frustrated. I wanted more freedom than classic corporate companies has to offer, I wanted to work in a more creative environment. I had... Read More the will to become a web developer for at least 6 months before I took the decision to implement the first step that initiated the chase of my goal.My main obstacle being the fear of loss. I knew I was leaving a company, where I felt comfortable and appreciated by my colleagues and management. On the other side, even though I am 27 years old and some people would say it is still young, I was afraid of it being too late for such a big change. How was I going to learn so many new skills in such a short time? How is it even possible?I was once on a phone call with a candidate who seemed to match perfectly with my client’s job description. As usual, I started my qualification call by a presentation of my client’s technical environment and company culture. Then we got to the candidate’s work experiences, the more we got into it, the more I was convinced that he was the ‘perfect’ guy for my client.He explained to me that he originally majored in accounting and he was used to be an accountant for 5 years but he got bored of it, he wanted a real change and ended up attending a full stack web development Bootcamp called Le Wagon. Two years later he is a full stack developer for a young promising start up.That’s how I discovered Le Wagon. After days of research about the Bootcamp, I decided to apply. I had a skype interview with Gus, Founder of Le Wagon Barcelona. I really appreciated that Gus not only wanted to evaluate if I was going to be a good element for Le Wagon, but also wanted to evaluate if Le Wagon was going to be the right choice for me.Three month ago, my job was to recruit web developers who would do things that I did not really understand. Today, I am able to develop my own web application using Ruby, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and PostgreSQL. I still have a lot to learn but now I feel equipped to go on and continue to grow my skills in web development.Read Less",le-wagon
"Going to Le Wagon was one of the best decisions I ever made.Before the bootcamp, I worked in research in University, then for nearly three years in Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) working with children diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorders. In this... Read More role we used some apps and I collected, entered and managed data, and this all made my burgeoning interest in technology grow. While working in ABA was very rewarding, I came to a point where I knew I needed to do something else, and I knew I wanted to pursue something involving technology while still incorporating my interests and skills I already had.I started taking courses on codeacademy to see if this was truly a path I wanted to go down; if I enjoyed it; if I was interested in it; if I was any good at it. I decided I did, but after a few months taking courses, I knew I wanted to go somewhere where I could truly be immersed in coding, and learn as much as I could possibly learn. So I started looking up bootcamps online, and all the reviews I read led me to Le Wagon.Attending Le Wagon was a wonderful experience. I learned more than I ever thought possible over the course of 9 weeks. Now I can say I am a Full-Stack Developer, thanks to my experience at Le Wagon.My favorite part of the course was the group projects at the end. They put us in a position where we were free to be creative and apply our new coding skills to this process. While we were coding these apps by ourselves, we still had the support of all the teachers/TAs. They were ready to answer any questions we had as well as help guide us to a conclusion if we needed it without totally giving away the answer to solve the problem, so we could be guided to figure it out ourselves.Overall I definitely recommend Le Wagon if you are looking to immerse yourself in coding and especially if you want to make a change in your career.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was very surprised by the overall experience at Le Wagon since I didn't look up for any references and only knew the existence of Le Wagon and IronHack. I chose Le Wagon only because their PDF looked better haha and honestly couldn't be happier with... Read More my choice!First because they have a buddy system, which is so powerful for your learning! Having someone different every day by your side can enrich the way you approach problems and give you different perspectives about logical thinking.Second because you have a plataform in which you can see all lectures material and challenges you have to do. It is so organized and you can revisit any time you want, even after the course.Third because at the end of the bootcamp, you build two web app in group. It is good to learn how you'd work in real life with team members and also to consolidate all the learning. And if you're feeling confident, you can search for diiferent features (that you didn't learn at the course) to use in your app and have all the help from the teachers to implement them with you.So, if you're in doubt about which bootcamp to do, I would definetely recommend Le Wagon! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon, I was a student, then I was a monk for about 10 years in an french abbey. The monastic life is full of surprises, and I exercised various activities, in addition to prayer, including a bit of code (!), but without too much time... Read More for that. At the end of these years, I realized that it was better for me to leave the monastery and to come back to the world. The code appeared to me as the best way to quickly find a job.A friend told me about Le Wagon, and I was immediately excited by this short and powerful bootcamp. The 9 very intensive weeks allowed me to assimilate technical skills, thanks to the work with buddies or as a team, undoubtedly one of the best ways to learn!Teamwork was so good that one of the friends of my batch suggested me to join his company as a consultant so that we could continue to work together on web/tech projects.'Change your life, learn to code' is for me more than a tag, it's a reality: 4 months after leaving the monastery, I already have a job! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Honestly, it was an amazing two months. I started the bootcamp with very little coding experience and I am just astonished how I got through this quite dense program. At first, you can get a bit scared by the amount of information you will need to digest... Read More on a daily basis but actually they have nailed the pedagogy behind it: 1h30 morning class, 6h exercise with a buddy and then some small daily exercise to do at the end of the day to memorise the main points you learned during the day.But all of this wouldn't be possible with out the five-stars staff at the Paris bootcamp… All the teachers, teachers assistants and the main staff are la crème de la crème. As soon as you start the program, you sense a sort of ""family feeling"" because everybody is ready to help each other. If you are having issues, the teachers are there to guide you and not give an easy answer, that makes a big difference. On top of that, the community and event staff are on fire – organising events on a weekly basis in order for each batch to know each other better but as well with external guests with whom we can exchange on many topics like ""go freelance"", ""how to set up your first startup"", ""how to manage your finance"" etc...When I decided to undertake that bootcamp, I wasn't sure what I wanted to do afterwards (PM, Dev or stay in my field of Marketing) and although I have continue in Marketing, I can finally have a full conversation with the tech/product team and have them completely understand my needs and be much more efficient.Fully recommended!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before coming to Bali for the Le Wagon FullStack coding Bootcamp, I was a manager at Cheesecake Factory in the US. I really wanted to learn a new skill that would stay with me and stay relevant for as long as possible. It's a very intense course, 9 weeks,... Read More 9am to 7pm Monday to Friday, with lectures every morning and working on coding exercises the rest of the day. Sometimes actually way more than those hours because it's definitely not easy to learn so many concepts so there are days where I either came in early or stayed late to master what was taught. However, if you put your heart into it, great things happen. It's really amazing what you get out of the program. You learn something new every day, literally, and in the last two weeks it all comes together. My final project was a social investment app and I really enjoyed working in a team to produce the app. The people that come to Le Wagon to learn how to code are definitely of a certain caliber. We've all made the conscious decision to invest in our education and essentially, our future. The group of people in my batch that I got to know were amazing. Outside of class we also did some social stuff and even had a weekly cook-off at one of the student's houses. It really feels like a community that we build together. Le Wagon offers an amazing location to learn how to code at a very affordable price, especially coming from the US. It helps that Bali has a lower cost of living so even besides the program, living in Bali was very reasonable. It was also easy to get around on a scooter and I was able to explore the different neighborhoods as well. The Le Wagon staff is the best. They really take care of you in and outside of the classroom. They make it their #1 goal to ensure that we each have the best learning experience possible and I couldn't ask for more.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was working as a Junior PM in a tech start-up. I was very interesting on learning how to code, so i tried to learn by myself but the overwhelming level of information I found on the web and the apparent difficulty made me give... Read More up quickly. This is where Le Wagon Paris came in. Honestly, the program is such that you can learn very efficiently and acquire all the necessary knowledge to let you stand on your own feet. The environment was super great, I had fun everyday. In only 2 months I meet a lot of amazing people that inspired me, whether it was during the classes or the afterworks.I'm extremely happy and grateful for the experience. I couldn't have made a better use of my time.Read Less",le-wagon
"Being a business school student not on the job market yet, my few job experiences made me realize one thing : I might have screwed up my education orientation.Thankfully, some short-length programs are available to make up for that, and that's when Le... Read More Wagon showed up. The program is only 9 weeks long and can easily fit in a tight schedule with a few arrangements made (i'm still a student so obviously that was easier for me).I didn't really know what to expect from it, as i had no damn clue how coding worked even though i've always been tech-savvy.But oh boy was i in for a surprise, and a great one.The teaching-staff is highly competent and partially composed of former students as well as full-time teachers. The building and classroom give a nice atmosphere to focus and work, and the curriculum is made so that you get to meet new people and participate in few activities that will make each week unique.It's been a month since Le Wagon is over and i'm already missing it and the numerous people i've met there and probably won't see again.Would definitely do it again if i had not already gained the technical skills taught there (because the program is that good).Le Wagon helped me develop new and useful skills, and gave me the tools to rethink my long-term professionnal and personnal goals.One downside however: i might have developed a caffeine addiction.Read Less",le-wagon
"Being a business school student not on the job market yet, my few job experiences made me realize one thing : I might have screwed up my education orientation. Thankfully, some short-length programs are available to make up for that, and that's when Le... Read More Wagon showed up. The program is only 9 weeks long and can easily fit in a tight schedule with a few arrangements made (i'm still a student so obviously that was easier for me). I didn't really know what to expect from it, as i had no damn clue how coding worked even though i've always been tech-savvy. But oh boy was i in for a surprise, and a great one. The teaching-staff is highly competent and partially composed of former students as well as full-time teachers. The building and classroom give a nice atmosphere to focus and work, and the curriculum is made so that you get to meet new people and participate in few activities that will make each week unique. It's been a month since Le Wagon is over and i'm already missing it and the numerous people i've met there and probably won't see again. Would definitely do it again if i had not already gained the technical skills taught there (because the program is that good). Le Wagon helped me develop new and useful skills, and gave me the tools to rethink my long-term professionnal and personnal goals. One downside however: i might have developed a caffeine addiction.Read Less",le-wagon
"For 7 years, I had been organizing events related to wine, gastronomy and rugby for B2B customers. I had learnt to code on my own to automatize weekly and monthly financial reports and I really liked it. It’s something that I really liked to do, this... Read More is why I decided to become a developer.I wanted to learn web development because it requires technical skills and also creative skills, as you build the apps you want. I chose Le Wagon in Paris because the pedagogy is great : one hour and a half a day of theory and then exercises during the rest of the day. The last 3 weeks are dedicated to building an app in teams. The teachers are great, the team is fantastic and I’ve learned much more than I expected in only 2 months ! The community is also one of the reason why I joined Le Wagon : it’s very active and helpful ! My experience at Le Wagon was awesome, I highly recommend this bootcamp to all the people who want to learn web development !Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been a recording/mixing/Front of House sound engineer, and music producer for the past 28 years. I wanted to take part in le Wagon’s bootcamp to start making music-related Web projects. The bootcamp itself is an unbelievable human experience, where... Read More students can share and exchange ideas in such a unique way, along with the best staff you can imagine. I didn’t think Le Wagon could take us that far, coming from such a different professional background, and with absolutely no experience whatsoever with code. It really widened my field of knowledge, and allowed me to have a more creative vision for my future projects. A big thank you to Le Wagon !Read Less",le-wagon
"After 7 years working as a digital project manager in web agencies, I decided it was about time to look behind the curtain and understand how the websites I was working on were made.I was constantly asked by my clients how long it took to correct or build... Read More a feature, and quite often I was completely mistaken. Even though I was trying my best to understand what the developers were saying, I realized I needed to experiment this world myself and learn everything from scratch.And after these two amazing months in Le Wagon, I have quit my job and I’m now searching a job as a developer ! I know that the road ahead is long, and I have still so many things to learn, but I know that I’ve got all the tools needed to keep on learning the right way.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was manager in a leading consulting firm AT Kearney. I left and founded a startup called Whisp. Whisp is a Social Shopping platform and as CTO, I needed technical background on web development. That’s the reason why I chose... Read More Le Wagon and I am very happy of this decision. The bootcamp was a perfect fit for my needs. Go for it !Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting Le Wagon, I was finishing my Business School master in digital marketing.During my studies, I had the opportunity to do some internships in marketing and more precisely, in CRM. CRM is in charge of the customer loyalty, through, among... Read More others, emailing and newsletters. During those experiences I learned a bit about HTML and CSS and tried to tinker some newsletters : it was not really successful, but I loved it.During my last internship I found out that I needed to be challenged on my technical skills and it was something that I missed, working in marketing.I heard about Le Wagon during my studies so I decided to start the bootcamp, with the hope, at the end, that I could find a job that would combine both marketing and programmation.During the bootcamp I realised that programmation was the only thing I wanted to work in, for the future : it is so satisfying to see our job working - or not, programmation does not lie - and to see the direct result.Now, a world of opportunities is open and I’m looking forward to find my place as a developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"A few years ago I tried to start my business but was dependant on others for the technical skills. This year, when I decided to leave my field and start-up a new project, I wanted to be independent and autonomous to code the MVP myself. Le Wagon taught... Read More me front languages such as HTML and CSS, but also helped me master Ruby and the Rails framework. In the beginning I was doubtful as we had to absorb a lot of information in a short amount of time. It seemed confusing and overwhelming! All along, teachers told us to “trust the program” and they were right. With their help and the buddy system, it all made sense when we started to work on the framework (around week 6).Thanks to Le Wagon, I coded the MVP for my start-up, learned to pitch my project to an audience met amazing people with various backgrounds and even my co-founder! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Never learned so much in such a short period. I decided to make a career change to coding because I felt I needed a big change in my life. Before enrolling the bootcamp I looked at all the reviews from various websites and Le Wagon was the only bootcamp... Read More that had great reviews. Then I decided to join the bootcamp and I’ve been to an interview with Alex Tombeur, the UK Manager who was extremely helpful to explain me the course structure and the steps to join the bootcamp.In less than 9 weeks I managed to work in a team of four and created 2 complex web products. Also, the staff have been helpful, very well prepared teachers and teaching assistants. Throughout the bootcamp I've made a lot of friends and they were like my second family. I had the opportunity to attend many events and to be introduced to many people thanks to Le Wagon driver.The post-bootcamp support is very helpful. The week after completing the bootcamp, Le Wagon arranged a hiring week event at their office in London where I had the opportunity to speak with recruiters and employees looking for junior web developers. Finally, studying at Le Wagon was the best thing I have ever done and to be honest the bootcamp was much more than I expected.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from Le Wagon, London in September 2019 and immensely enjoyed it. The entire experience from start to finish was fantastic: the teachers and everyone working there are very supportive and helpful, the lectures are broken down nicely for everyone... Read More to understand and the additional information provided on their platform along the way is perfectly done. I am really impressed of how the course was structured and what they (and we) managed to achieve in these 9 weeks. My most favourite part was the projects weeks, where we got to work in a team (I was in a team of four) and build projects just like we would in a work environment and then present the final project in front of everyone. It was a proud moment for all of us as it's unbelievable to imagine where we had started from and what we had achieved in such a short time.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at Le Wagon was amazing, and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to change their career or improve their skill set by learning to code. I graduated with a degree in Law and Business about two years ago and until earlier... Read More this year, I had been working in marine insurance.I came to a point in my career where I felt I needed a big change and that’s when I started looking at alternative career paths for myself. I have always been greatly interested in technology and so it felt natural for my career change to be related to this interest in some way.I began learning to code by myself using the typical online resources such as CodeCademy, FreeCodeCamp etc. However, eventually I felt like I needed something extra in order to take my learning to the next level. This is where Le Wagon came in. I searched online for coding bootcamps in London and then narrowed my search down to two. I did extensive research on the two bootcamps on my list, and Le Wagon was the first (and ultimately, the only) one I had an interview with.After my interview with the Manager and one of the Lead Lecturers, I was convinced that joining Le Wagon was the best decision I could make if I wanted to change my career. I was particularly interested by the description of what I would learn on the course. The course itself is both fun and challenging. The learning process was enjoyable and, because of the buddy system, I felt that I could get help easily if I was stuck. Additionally, there are teaching assistants available to help throughout the day in case you get really stuck!The teachers explain each topic thoroughly, and always had time to talk if something wasn’t quite clicking. Finally, the social aspects of the course are highly rewarding. There are drinks on Fridays, tech-talks during the week, and there is such a diverse group of people that it is virtually guaranteed that you will find something interesting to do each day.Read Less",le-wagon
"Well, the true story is maybe a bit more than this. Coding was always intriguing to me, as my generation is so used to instant gratification, somehow after I tried a bit coding on some mobile app, I found coding is somehow similar to instant gratification,... Read More because you see the result right away, or wether right or wrong. This is how I got engaged. I had a few different jobs after graduate, and I see none of it as the thing I would like to do for the rest of my life, that is to say, none of it actually mattered to me. At that time I felt lost, How exactly I wanna spend my life? Am I surrounded by the people who share the same passion as I do? Alright, it was too overwhelming just think of it. Let me think of how to spend the summer first. For example, let’s learn some coding for fun this summer! And seems like the closest upcoming batch is the one of Le Wagon, I didn’t even do any more research and just signed up after the interview with Le Wagon Barcelona. And, I made no mistake! I woke up happy everyday during the two months of class, I met plenty of people who share the passion as I do, we had countless amazing and inspiring conversations, we laughed hard together, we learned coding together, we did 2 projects together. It all happened in only 2 months. Honestly Le Wagon opened another door for me, for the first time I feel closer to the life I want, I feel slightly under control of my life. For now I am working on my own portfolio, and trying to land my first job in tech!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon I had just finished an entrepreneurship master in a French Business School. During this year, I realised that my technical background was weak. I had some difficulties working and understanding developers. This is why I joined... Read More Le Wagon and I must say that I do not regret my choice.The 9 weeks bootcamp was incredible. It was intellectually stimulating and the people were extremely helpful and nice.I am now confident in my technical abilities and I liked it so much that I want to continue developing my skills. Also, thanks to this I can now get a job as a Product Manager and work hand in hand with developers.If you hesitate, don’t ! The bootcamp is clearly worth it !!Read Less",le-wagon
"I grew up in Vienna, Austria and with my father being a programmer, coding was always somehow familiar to me. I’ve seen my dad being steeped in his “coding-bubble” and I’ve seen how hard it is to get someone out of this bubble (it didn’t matter how annoying... Read More I was). As a five-year-old I couldn’t understand how someone can be that focused and immune to any distraction. Therefore, programming was always a strange and abstract concept to me. Back then I never would have thought that I will have my own “coding-bubble” one day. My dad always tried to get me into coding. But it was too complicated for me and I got really frustrated. First of all, I wasn’t able to fully grasp the basic ideas. And second, I thought that one has to have special skills or a powerful understanding of how a computer or the web works to become a coder (Oh, was I wrong!). At this time, it was never an option for me to follow his footsteps. Years without coding passed by and by the time I graduated from high school (June 2018) I was a bit lost. I decided to take a year off to find out what I really want to do. I wanted to be free, do something really cool, see the world and to be able to tell amazing stories. But after 3 months of doing nothing, my parents got a bit worried and pushed me to do something. From that moment on I worked at a bakery for six months, but this was not my expectation of a gap year. I was unhappy and started to doubt my decision. That’s when my dad recommended me once again to learn how to code. At this point I had nothing to lose, because for me it couldn’t get worse than working in that bakery. Changing my life and getting in touch I started looking for bootcamps and found Le Wagon. Le Wagon promised me to ‘change my life and learn how to code’ and I was more than ready for that. My research kept me up all night. In comparison to other bootcamps I trusted this one and its promises the most. I can’t tell why, it was just intuition (a good one as I found out later!). Besides that, it’s quite cheap, especially compared to bootcamps in the USA (they were often more than double the price of le wagon). In addition, their program seemed to be the most sophisticated one. To me it was clear: I’m going to be a student at Le Wagon! There was only one hard decision left: where? Choosing between 32 cities all over the world was tough. But once I found out that they’re offering a class in Bali I was even more exited. Traveling to the other side of the world to do a nine-week intensive coding bootcamp sounded a bit scary, but also like a huge adventure. This was my chance to use the time left of my gap year to do something useful. Three days later I got in touch with Dirk and joined batch #253, starting on April 14th. The time before the real adventure started If you have already informed yourself about this bootcamp, you may know that you need to master the first 40-50 hours of coding on your own. As I applied in March and still had to work, there wasn’t that much time for me left. I managed to finish almost all of it, besides the JavaScript exercises. I did all the others at the beginning and had only 3 days left for this last but giant part of the prep work. I totally underestimated how long it would take me. But don’t worry about it! Of course, it is important to take a closer look at it, as your way through the bootcamp will be easier, but many of my classmates as well as me managed to push through the class without all the knowledge. Arriving in Bali and meeting the other students for the first time On April 13th we were invited by the le Wagon team to have our first dinner all together at Pizza Fabricca. There I met the staff and the other students for the first time and had a chance to get a glimpse of the people I am going to be working with for the next weeks. The next day at 9 am it finally started! The whole day is just for set up and first small steps. We got really nice instructions how to install all the software needed and everyone was able to walk themselves through. Of course, the TAs were there to help at any time. I realized how precisely organized everything is as I first signed up to Kit Le Wagon. That’s when we were introduced to the daily schedule as well as the buddy and ticket system. Each day started with a lecture and after that we had the whole day to solve pre written exercises. Each day we got a different buddy and the goal is to help each other and walk through the challenges together. For that reason, you get to work with a lot of different people, each with their unique technique how to solve a problem. But don’t leave your buddy behind! And if both of you are stuck and there is nothing but question marks in your head, then it is time to raise a ticket and a TA will take his/her time to help out! ¬¬¬¬¬¬ 9 weeks fly by and before you can realize it, you will find yourself at demo day with an amazing project in your hands As Ruby on Rails is the core of this class, we started with some Ruby programming basics. Despite my nearly zero coding experience the first two and a half weeks went pretty smooth. We even started building our very first application. After that everything went really quick. Learning about SQL and Active Record we went on to HTML and CSS everything within one week. Next on the List was JavaScript, on which we also only spend a few days. I’m not going to lie these two weeks were intense and mental breakdowns were included. Every now and then I could hear someone cursing frustrated, mostly followed by “That’s it. I’m going to raise a ticket”. And finally, we came to week 6, where we went on Rails for the first time. Rails is a handy framework for Ruby, which allows you to build fantastic applications. We learned everything needed and more to be prepared to concur the last two weeks. On Friday it was time to pitch ideas and get team members to work with on the project And I’m sorry, but no, you can’t choose with whom you want to work with. That’s going to choose an algorithm for you. In week seven the Airbnb clone was built. It should prepare you for the big project. It is also a good chance to adjust to your team members and try to get a nice workflow together. Two weeks is not a long time to plan and build a whole app, but it is manageable. On demo day we all proudly presented what we did the last couple of days and every team did a great job. That was the end of batch #253 Bali. We were left with an extraordinary experience and the knowledge of five programming languages, more or less. From now on it is up to us what we make of it. Why Le Wagon stands out and other things to say Two months have passed now and it’s just now that I realize what opportunities you get from that experience. Le Wagon doesn’t only teach you how to code, but also somehow prepares you how to survive in the real world. First of all, there is the buddy system and the team projects, which I have already mentioned earlier. It teaches you how to code and work with different people, which can be quite nerve-wracking. But that’s how it’s most likely going to be after the bootcamp. Even if you build your own start up, you will need other people on board with very different expectations. In Addition, people who actually build their own start up visited us and held a really motivational speech and later we were able to talk to them. Besides coding consuming time as if it is a black hole, there is still some left to experience the lifestyle, culture and nature of Bali. A great balance for the mind especially are the weekend trips, which are organized by Le Wagon. Of course, they are not obligatory. So, if you feel like sleeping in on a Saturday morning you are free to do so. But I hardly recommend getting up early and exploring Bali. Not only will you be able to share more experiences with your classmates, but also the start into the next week was easier with a balanced mindset (at least It really helped me!). The weekly yoga session was also nice (but make 100% sure to bring short and comfortable pants! I only brought my long pairs for whatever reason and it felt like I am going to die from a heatstroke!). And if you still don’t feel exhausted enough, there is the opportunity to get up at 5 am and go surfing before class (I have to say, the sunrises are beautiful out there!) Energy sustenance is also something you don’t need to worry about. Every morning after the lecture we got some fresh fruits and coffee is literally limitless (I think my caffeine addiction got out of hand there). And if I still felt like my mind was just blank and every problem seemed impossible to solve, I took a break and enjoyed the view from the classroom. That always helped me to focus again. After finishing the class, I was left with a huge amount of new knowledge in the unexplored world of technology and a pretty big network of people who are always ready to help out (around 5000 alumni until now!) Last Words All in all, Le Wagon puts in a lot of effort to make you feel as comfortable as possible during those nine weeks. So lastly, I want to say thank you! Thank you to Le wagon for this truly amazing experience, to the staff who always had the patience to correct all my mistakes and to all the great people who I met there and with whom I had the pleasure to start this journey. See you around the world!Read Less",le-wagon
"After working for more than 10 years as communications officer and manager for various organizations, I felt the need the change course. I wished to learn a new, technical skill that would allow me to feel empowered and to master modern technologies,... Read More instead of just using them unknowingly. Le Wagon syllabus looked promising and exciting... and it delivered ! You have to go all in and commit (pun intended) 100%, but if you do, the well thought out program, the great teachers and always-here-to-help teacher assistants will accompany you closely in the journey. What's more, after Le Wagon, you know how to learn, and don't feel overwhelmed anymore by the tech universe. It opens up a lot of possibilities, from freelancing to web agencies or in-house dev in any organization relying on tech... which are many. Le Wagon also offers job seeking assistance after the fact, which is really helpful when you don't know where to start. Highly recommended !Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from Law School at UFRJ in Rio de Janeiro - Brazil. Afterwards, I started my attorney activity, had some teaching experience in college and also at ""BAR"" preparation courses (in which I taught Tax-Law) and studied for ""concursos públicos""... Read More which are public tests as a means to ingress as a public servant (as are Judges and Public Attorneys). During this time, I had two post-graduate courses in Tax-Law and Customs Law. So after being in a market in crisis for 3 years, I had to change.The few friends of mine who were thriving were programmers. There's where I should head, then.I started to study Programming at Stanford's CS101 and then Harvard and Yale's CS50. I went to Portugal to attend at a Bootcamp called ""Academia de Codigo"" but they only told me that I had to be portuguese to attend when I was there (and after 3 testing phases).Then, a friend who works in England told me to attend Le Wagon in Rio. Oh! The irony of life. I had to go to Portugal to see that the best bootcamp in the world was next door. It was one of the most intense experiences in my life. Staying in the same place studying from 9 to 19 is tiresome but also very rewarding. I learned more in two months there than in the past 6 months studying alone at home by myself.Now that it's finished I feel more than ready to join the market and I'm really glad to have done it. My goal now is to be able to help other people find their worth again, just as I did.Hence, this review. I hope I could be of any help for you.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a business school student and young product manager, i wanted to follow the Wagon coding bootcamp for 3 reasons : -Be better as PM (better colaborate with developers, better understand technical issues…) -Develop my network in the tech sector, which... Read More is under-represented in business school in general-Develop side-projects, be able to code my own prototypes and test my product ideas in front of potential customersFinally, i’m more satisfied than i expected. The curriculum is very well made, teachers are amazing and they are fully dedicated to build a strong community. Everything is made to make all people get to know each other from day one. It’s a real human experience where i also developed my social and teamwork skills, surrounded by highly motivated people.Even if you don’t follow the bootcamp to become developer, you are not immune to love to code at the end. It’s sooo satisfying to be able to build things by ourself, and i’m now confident enough to learn new languages, like Python in my current job, to carry out data analysis.Don’t hesitate anymore, it will change your life more than you can expect before doint it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had an amazing experience at le wagon and I would recommend it to anybody being interested by code. I graduated from ESSEC business school with a master in data analytics. I then worked for more than one year in a start up that fights against food waste.... Read More I loved. the experience but I was very frustrated to work on tech products without understanding how they were functioning. I joined le wagon batch 290 in Paris and this experience changed my life and the way I want to move on with my carrer. I discovered I loved coding and I am now looking for new opportunities to become a real developer. teachers are amazing. They know how to talk to you and explain because they have been at your place few years ago. It is very challengin but in a very benevolent environement were everything is made to make you succeed and help you gain confidence step by step. Finally you get a unique opportunity to meet people from very diverse backgrounds ( from former monks to music ingeneer) and the network you create will follow you throughout all your professional life. Nothing more to say, just do it :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I worked in music industry during 7 years. I created a record label beside my studies and I promoted kind of 150 events all around France and other countries in Europe. I have 2 music studios in Paris for producing and post-production.... Read More I am also an artist signed on 7 different record labels in Europe, and I often play in lots of clubs or festivals. I decided to stop promoting events and working with other artists in studio to develop new competences in coding. I wanted to be able to launch my digital projects and work with startups or bigger companies.After a fascinating and hardworking summer at Le Wagon, I am looking for a job as a developer and I continue my artist life ! Today I can achieve my application ideas and work on new inspiring projects ! I am so glad to understand what happens behind the web, and this is really rewarding ! I will never thank enough Le Wagon for this experience ! !Read Less",le-wagon
"Before le Wagon, I was (and still am) an undergraduate student at the Sorbonne School of Economics.Since a very young age, I was interested in computers; I learned how to mount one and did a bit of programming too. However, I never went deep in learning... Read More and building apps with code, I found it difficult to learn it by yourself even if there are a lot of resources online.When I graduated from high school, I enrolled in economics, but I wanted to go back to computers. Because I wanted to focus on the practical aspect of programming, learn a lot in a limited amount of time but well, I learned about coding bootcamps and Le Wagon came naturally as my first choice.Because I have a lot of free time beside my economics studies, I had the opportunity to work part-time as a FullStack developer in a startup founded by an alumni who did the bootcamp with me! Overall, choosing Le Wagon was one of the best decision I made. I learned in 9 weeks what I couldn’t learn alone since I was interested in programming. During the bootcamp I’ve met incredible like-minded people, and made a lot of friends. Le Wagon gave me a lot of confidence and taught me how to build web apps, but also how to learn any language and framework by yourself thanks to their educational methods. Don't hesitate!Read Less",le-wagon
"I did batch #287 of Le Wagon (Summer 2019). I was a postgraduate student in a French engineering school. During my studies, I mainly did applied mathematics, physics and computer science. So I had a basic coding background but only related to maths and... Read More theoric sciences. I was interested in web tech. I enrolled Le Wagon to wider my knowledge and see somehow what was for me at this time an ‘other way of coding’. I believe that Le Wagon is the best way to quickly learn how to develop a complex web app from scratch and to have a better view of all challenges surrounding the web. You don’t need to know anything about coding before entering the bootcamp. And that’s a good point because Le Wagon will give you the best coding practices and a mindset to be able to be independent and learn by yourself new technologies. Le Wagon emphasis a lot on code quality and team workflow, which are two essentials skills for a developer. I’ve just been “graduated” from Le Wagon a month ago and I’m working on web development projects while studying. I would say that the main interesting thing about le wagon is that they teach you “how to learn code” the good way. That’s amazing you keep learning new stuff every day at a breakneck pace and you can easily move on to more advanced technologies in no time.Read Less",le-wagon
"I spent an amazing time at Le Wagon Paris.Staff and atmosphere are truly benevolent. Pace is fast, which is good and enable students to get great coding skills.Everyday, we start with a 1-hour lesson with a teacher, before diving into a bunch of exercises... Read More with a buddy, and the help of teacher assistants when needed. Buddies change everyday, which also allow the students to get to know each others. At the end of the day, a live coding session let the students wrap up all concepts learnt throughout the day.On top of that, Le Wagon organizes a lot of events with entrepreneurs, companies, etc which may contribute to your thinking if you’re considering a switch in your career, or just are curious.It was really an empowering experience, as well as a life changer for me. After 3 years in business development, I am now a full stack developer, and a teacher assistant in Paris!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I was working as a warehouse operative in London. While I was working I always had a thought in my mind that I needed to be challenged a little more in life so I tried coding in my free time, and unfortunately I wasn't very successful.... Read More It's easy to get lost and discouraged in a sea of programming if you have no guidance. Few months later I came across coding bootcamps. I thought bootcamps were a quicker and cheaper way to get the knowledge that a university would provide, so after doing some research I decided to apply to Le Wagon London. I was quite surprised they took a chance on someone like me who didn't have a great background (but hey I'm not complaining). The bootcamp itself was very challenging and intense, but luckily they have a great bunch of teachers, who are always reassuring and happy to help. The staff and teachers are all super nice and treat you like a friend. The buddy system is something that I enjoyed a lot. You basically get matched with a new person everyday so you get to meet and learn from many different people with many different backgrounds. Even though the bootcamp was very demanding, I am very happy that I did it, because everyday I was having fun while getting better and learning so many different programming languages. I also got to experience what it is like to work as a web developer by having hands on experience and doing projects in a group of 3-4 people for the last 3 weeks. If you are looking to change your career or just curious about learning code, I would definitely encourage you to join Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"After working for more than 10 years as communications officer and manager for various organizations, I felt the need the change course. I wished to learn a new, technical skill that would empower me and allow me to master state-of-the-art technologies.... Read More Le Wagon syllabus looked promising and exciting... and it delivered ! It is undeniably challenging, you have to go all in and commit (pun intended) 100%, but if you do, the well thought out program, the great teachers and always-here-to-help teacher assistants will accompany you closely in the journey. And after Le Wagon, you know how to learn and don't feel overwhelmed anymore by the tech universe. It opens up a lot of possibilities, from freelancing to web agencies or in-house dev in any organization relying on tech... which are many. Le Wagon also offers job seeking assistance after the fact, which is really helpful when you don't know where to start. Highly recommended !Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m from Uruguay and originally started my studies in the fields of marketing administration. After getting my Bachelor’s degree I started working in a startup company and saw it grow into a fast-food chain with more than 10 stores. Some years later I... Read More started to feel the need to change my career into something that I soon found to be my new passion… coding.A friend of mine told me about these type of intensive programming courses so I researched for the best ones in Europe and I found Le Wagon. After some research I decided to enroll in Le Wagon Barcelona, so I could also get to know the city.Two months later I’m starting my freelance career and also diving into teaching, I wouldn’t expect to be able to create the projects that we did in such a short time.Le Wagon Barcelona not only brought me technical knowledge, but also the experience of developing products in teams, contacts and a lot of new friends. They gave me all the tools to have an awesome and enriching experience, and I’m really grateful that I took it.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a business school student and young product manager, i wanted to follow the Wagon bootcamp for 3 reasons : - Be better in my job as PM (better collaborate with developers, better understand technical issues...) and prove a technical fluency on my CV... Read More - Develop a network in the tech environment, which is under-represented in business school in general - Develop side-projects, be able to code my own prototypes and test quickly my product ideas in front of potential customers Finally, i'm more than satisfied by the bootcamp. The curriculum is very well made, teachers are amazing and they are fully dedicated to develop a strong community. Everything is made to make all people get to know each other since the first day. It's a real human experience where i also developed my social and teamwork skills, surrounded by highly motivated people. Even if you don't follow the Wagon to become developer, you are not immune to really loving to code at the end. It's sooo satisfying to be able to build things by ourself and i'm now confident enough to learn new langages, like Python in my current job, to carry out data analysis. Don't hesitate anymore, It will change your life more than you can expect before doing it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had an excellent experience in this bootcamp. Curriculum's design is tense but reasonable, it pushes me to the limit and provides me huge progress. They also have sufficient challenges for me to implement what I learned in the morning class. Most of... Read More all, Le Wagon Tokyo has an outstanding teaching group that always stands on your side and provides help, using simple words to help you understand a complex concept. Having a great teacher is much more important than having a great class schedule.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m from Uruguay and originally started my studies in the fields of marketing administration. After getting my Bachelor’s degree I started working in a startup company and saw it grow into a fast-food chain with more than 10 stores. Some years later I... Read More started to feel the need to change my career into something that I soon found to be my new passion… coding. A friend of mine told me about these type of intensive programming courses so I researched for the best ones in Europe and I found Le Wagon. After some research I decided to enroll in Le Wagon Barcelona, so I could also get to know the city. Two months later I’m starting my freelance career and also diving into teaching, I wouldn’t expect to be able to create the projects that we did in such a short time. Le Wagon Barcelona not only brought me technical knowledge, but also the experience of developing products in teams, contacts and a lot of new friends. They gave me all the tools to have an awesome and enriching experience, and I’m really grateful that I took it.Read Less",le-wagon
"My background is in Marketing and Sales. I was freelance for Fashion Brands before Le Wagon including services like consultancy, sales, eCom and BZ developer basically in Barcelona. During the months before my bootcamp I started to investigate and learn... Read More to code and I quickly realise it was much more creative and exciting I could expect. So, after some interviews I realice Le Wagon was exactly what I was looking for. I wanted to develop new skills which could enrole me in new an different projects and learn another way of working / living. I have a friend who hardly recommend me Le Wagon He also wanted to breakthrough his profesional carrier, become a full stack developer and After one year He was there. Le Wagon creates a very good atmpsphere. We create an amazing team between TA’s, Teachers and Students. A very different group of people (20 different nationalities), super interesting all focus on same goals and helping eachother to get there.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before coming to Le Wagon, I was in my final year of my Bachelor’s degree at McGill University in Montreal, Canada. I had been studying information systems and finance for the past three years but felt link I was lacking one of the most important skills... Read More to work in the tech world: coding. In the hopes of becoming an IT consultant or work in the biggest tech companies, I felt like I had the business and strategy side notably though my internships but not understanding a single line of code was for me a huge weakness. Therefore I stumbled on Le Wagon’s website through a simple Google search “coding boot camp” and was very quickly convinced that it was something I HAD to do. So many options in different cities around the world but I chose the Barcelona one given the amazing reviews and the experienced teachers and TAs (besides that who wouldn’t want to spend 2 months in Barcelona?? :slightly_smiling_face: ). A few months later I was able to create working web applications with features such as geo mapping and instant messaging. To this day, I still cannot believe how much I learned in such a short period of time. Along with 3 other amazing teammates, we were able to build a fully functional web messaging and file storing app called MyFam which uses a tag system to make retrieving files super simple. I really feel like I could have never achieved such an amazing end result without my boot camp experience. With that experience I am now on my way to achieve my goal and in the process of finding the roles I wanted but didn’t qualify for due to my lack of knowledge in app development.Read Less",le-wagon
"It’s been almost 4 weeks since I left Barcelona and Le Wagon behind and I am left with some pretty incredible skills and memories that I will carry with me for a very long time. Deciding to spend my summer in Barcelona and at Le Wagon was probably one... Read More of the best decisions ever. I was studying my first year at uni as a Business Administration and IT student when I first was introduced to coding. Meanwhile the coding classes I had in uni made me doubt however I would ever be able to code Le Wagon proved me wrong!The Le Wagon experience is one I would recommend to everyone. Except giving me a new set of skills the bootcamp also gave me a huge confidence boost, knowing that I am now capable of doing something I never thought I would be able to do.I am so grateful for all of the incredible teachers and staff at the Barcelona campus and also my amazing classmates. Now I am looking forward to learning a lot more and searching for new projects to work on. The first one will be building a website for my fathers company!Read Less",le-wagon
"After university, I had a stint in a startup where I got a taste of programming in Java. Following that, my career took off and I joined global consulting companies. My career pivoted towards product management and the more commercial sides of technology.... Read More As the years went by, I found myself further and further away from coding. I had the pleasure of managing and working with developers, but I always felt that they got to do the fun part of projects - building them !Half a year ago I started to code again and built some projects in Javascript. This really ignited my love for coding and I decided to switch careers to become a developer. I knew I would have to start my career all over again, but I felt it was worth it as I could spend the rest of my life doing something I enjoyed. It was lonely to code alone and I often questioned the quality of my code. To learn best practices, industrial standards and work with other developers, I decided to enrol at Le Wagon.At Le Wagon, I felt like a knight in training. Everyday we were given pedagogical challenges to shape our understanding of object orientated programming. Ruby was a new language to me, but after a few weeks I was surprised at my own fluency. I trusted the process and let Le Wagon carry me through databases, front end, ruby on rails, and then onto independent projects. The last few weeks of the course, I worked in a team of four to build two web applications. It was challenging to work with others, but after a day of Github chaos, it all fell into place. In our final project we built an app that ‘gamified’ eco-challenges (i.e. plastic free, ride a bike, etc) and there were features such as collecting points, competing with friends and tracking your progress. It was a fun and challenging project to build, and we’re incredibly proud of what we have achieved.The best thing about the experience at Le Wagon is definitely the Teachers and TA Team. Everyday on the course, they were there to rescue us, guide us and teach us how to write clean code. They were truly ruby and javascript ninjas and the speed at which they could understand our problems and debug was impressive. Without them, I would not be where I am today - with a job as a software engineer working with the Python stack !To anyone who is looking for a career change, wants a challenge as well as seeking guidance, I recommend enrolling at Le Wagon. It is one of the best decisions I made in my life and the knowledge and community support I received was invaluable to my success.Read Less",le-wagon
"Two months straight of lectures, algorithm courses and a variety of programming language, from 9 am to 7 p.m, - wait, did I also mention the homework and self-study ?. That looks like hell, but, actually, it can be the best decision of your life. Well,... Read More at least that was mine !Few months ago I’ve decided to further my education and, at the same time, make a career change after a life in the finance sector. Because why not, after all.. While it’s important to show commitment, sometimes your goals and perspectives change, and you crave for something more meaningful to you. After an intense benchmarking session, I set my sights on « Le Wagon », got enrolled, passed the tests, and start what would become the rightest call I would ever done in my life.And let me tell you that this bootcamp lived up to my expectations. Great teaching staff, great teaching method, and a room full of likeminded students/professionals coming from different backgrounds. Now, don’t get me wrong it was not all fun and games. My brain was literally be fried during this bootcamp, but in good way though. They were all about providing an efficient and practical knowledge of the web development world, and that's what I earned. Looking back, I feel empowered and happy that I did invest in myself, that I have done something that was right for me. Something that gave me a real perks in my new job as a freelance Web/App developer.So stop wondering, entrepreneur, freelancer, and other curious mind of this world if your train goes off the track, pick it up, pick it up…and follow Le Wagon !Read Less",le-wagon
"I had tinkered with basic front-end programming for a while, HTML5 &amp; CSS. As I was building my company from the ground up, I couldn't afford any programmer. So I chose a CMS and taught myself to code basic rendering. But as the months went by, and I started... Read More to discover more insights into my consumers' life, I started to realize that I had nowhere near the ability to push the digital products that had a chance to succeed in the market. As all things started to come together, I chose to terminate my business - for other reasons than my own technical shortcomings obviously - and enrolled in Le Wagon a few months after.The idea was basically to gain a deeper understanding of the tech universe, i.e. how does one gain a programmer mindset ? I also wanted to connect with different personalities. I was quite certain that some of the people I was going to meet would have lived different and interesting lives. The idea was to reset my mind and use that school as a stepping stone towards new high.I was not disappointed. The bootcamp in itself is hard, and even harder for those of us that do not have a deep scientific education. So the first weeks are a-killing. But the program and educational support have achieved near perfection. The curriculum is thought as blocks that will all come together in the future. If you struggle with your challenges in the first days, you are learning a valuable lesson about the programmer's life. Our job is mainly to bring solutions to problems. You cannot take shortcuts. As a programmer you gotta pay your fair share of hustle, sweat and frustration. But keep at it for a few days, and the small joy of overcoming difficulties are gonna compound in your mind and you will find new motivation, as well as new abilities. Teachers and Teaching Assistants @ Le Wagon are great individuals who listen and declutter the path for you - they never do your chores though. If you are good or somewhat already a bit experienced, there are additional challenges that you can complete.The high point of Le wagon is the last two weeks, when you are associated with 3 of your fellows wagoners to build a real-life web application that is to be presented in front of a live audience of 200+ people. These are intense weeks, as you should make use of everything that you have learned so far. There is teamwork as well, but not the kind you are used to, the kind with everyone one of your teammates being a programmer as well, the kind with git commit, git push and above all git merge conflict. You are talking a new language. You are building something. Your life has changed then and there.And there is the people also, first and foremost. Let's face it, you are not gonna be a functional developer after ANY bootcamp. To do so you need to rely on a set of likely-minded positive characters and energies. And above all keep coding and growing. It does not matter how good you are or how good you think you are. Le Wagon's highest value proposition is that it gives you the tools and the network to go down this path - should you choose to do so. During my 9 weeks @ Le wagon, I have blossomed into a new individual, mainly because there are very few moments in your life when you are surrounded by every age group and every character. My advice is to use it as a sandbox for what will come later.As for me, I am now freelancing on design and code, mainly to have the time to learn dart and flutter. My goal is to release one app a month.Thank you for reading,ChristopheRead Less",le-wagon
"That cloud looks like duck... sort of... Ooh! But that one looks like a dragon! I catch myself staring out the window again. The number of times I catch myself is getting out of hand. I sit at the WeWork, twirling my pen, trying to force myself to fill... Read More out the brand launch strategy, and I just can’t. I’ve filled out a million before, and now, I just can’t. I opt to grab a coffee instead, maybe go for a walk, wrap my head around anything else, I’ll figure it out when I get back. It’s another beautiful day in Oregon, and the weather is simply too nice to be spent inside all day. As I walk down the streets, peer in a few shop windows, I can’t shake the feeling something is off. You know those days, where a cloud just hangs over you, there’s nothing wrong in particular, but for the life of you, you just feel crummy. What’s wrong with me, I’ve literally been described as a human puppy, why am I not happier, why do I feel so off? Seriously, what is wrong with me? I mean I’ve done everything I’ve been expected to do, haven’t I? I went to a great high school, played sports, went to university, even graduated top of my class as an engineer. Oh, if you could only have seen the grin on my mother’s face as I showed her my diploma.From there I went the management consulting route, opting to flex my business know how. I ended up working a rotational program for the largest beer company in the world. I lived in some of the greatest US cities (LA, NYC,MIA, ATL, DC, PDX) and did some of the most fascinating work (venture capital, brand strategy, sales management, brand launches, etc), all in the alcohol industry. My job was literally to go out and talk to people about alcohol. My nights out were work, and my work was nights out, that’s the dream, right?I had myself a nice retirement account, had a car, did my own laundry, did my taxes, I even began flossing! All the trademarks of a successful adult, so what was wrong? Why wasn’t this enough? And it began to dawn, the reason it wasn’t enough was because it wasn’t what I actually wanted. I had been filling out someone’s else’s template for success. And when I took a hard-long look... well... I quit. And so, I decided to move to Barcelona, a city I had grown to love through my travels. But what would I do when I showed up? So, I began poking around and asking myself, if money were of no object, what exactly what I do? I’d build things of course, it’s what I’ve always done and what I genuinely enjoyed. But what would be my medium, what would be my canvas, and what would be my brush? Looking back at my classes in university I realized the ones I enjoyed the most, the ones where I’d simply get lost in a state of flow, had always been my computer science classes. So how could I get back into coding? How could I get a fresh take with a newskill set? And so like most of you, I googled “Best Coding Bootcamps”. Lo, and behold, there was Le Wagon, and even better, a batch in Barcelona would start in July. Between the intense days of coding, the weekends spent playing on the beach, and the nights sitting out on terezas drinking beer, the summer was over before I knew it. But the skill set I walked away with would empower me.Now a days I’m working to be a freelance developer while I TA with Le Wagon. It’s not the easiest route by any means, but I’m happier than I’ve ever been before. I finally found the thing that had been eluding me all these years. For once, I was no longer filling out someone else’s template for my life, I was finally architecting my own path. The leap can be scary, I know, but I promise what’s on the other side can be beautiful as long as you’re willing to put in the work.Read Less",le-wagon
"A total game changer! I loved my time at Le Wagon and I can honestly say that after completing the course I feel like I see the world through a new lens. You may think that's a bold statement, and you're right. However, Le Wagon's well thought out curriculum... Read More and helpful instructors allowed me to gain an understanding of coding, start-up culture, and full stack web development. The course changed that way I think about the internet and software, and most importantly it empowered me and gave me to skills necessary to become the creator I've always wanted to be.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a former student in a French business school, I tried for months but was not very successful in learning to code by myself. Last year, I met the driver of Le Wagon Montreal and a couple of students during my internship in Montreal. After having spoken... Read More with them, it became clear that it was something for me and so I decided right away to apply to one of the Le Wagon locations around the world.The three things I enjoyed the most at Le Wagon Bali were :1. The way our days were structured: a quick 1.5 hour lecture in the morning and the rest of the day was dedicated to practice, practice and .. more practice!2. Coding in front of the beach! The balinese atmosphere is probably one of the best in the world, working hard and being relaxed at the same time. It helped me so much.3. The amazing people I met there, from all around the world.One of the best moments of the bootcamp is, obviously, the last two weeks when we work on our final projects. In those moments, everything really came together. And believe me, you really feel accomplished. At the time of writing, we are few weeks after the end of graduating the bootcamp and I can tell you guys that jumping into this adventure was one of the best choices I've made. Le Wagon is a game changer and I'm a 100% sure that it will change my life. For those who are ready to work hard and are really interested in coding, I highly recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started learning to code on my own a couple of months ago, previously employed as a digital marketing specialist I build a little data pipeline to automate my report. I quickly realize that I was having more fun doing that than building campaigns. When... Read More I decided that I wanted to be a developer I didn’t know what the journey would be like, I didn’t have much experience and I knew no one to guide me. I started to gather information about the different bootcamp in Montreal, this is when I discovered Le Wagon. Starting Le Wagon was the first milestone in this adventure that I wanted to start. Le Wagon sure taught me how to code (the teachers are here for you every step of the road to help you understand the key concepts) but the value of doing Le wagon bootcamp go far more beyond that. You learn how to properly develop an idea, prototype the product and develop it with a team. You’ll be surprised by what you can learn and accomplish in just a couple of weeks. Another great value of Le Wagon is its community, a very active and helping community that helps you broaden the perspective of what you can do, I wanted to be a developer, today I am also an entrepreneur and the journey keep going.Read Less",le-wagon
"It has been a bit under two months since I finished Le Wagon’s full stack development bootcamp and my life has already changed drastically. I have been hired as a junior full-stack engineer and will be moving to Amsterdam for this new adventure.I can... Read More honestly say that Le Wagon’s mantra, “Change your life, learn to code”, could not be better said. This bootcamp has not only given me the tools needed to change professions but it has also helped me discover a new passion I can turn into a career.I would like to thank all the teachers and TA’s that made this possible as well as Gonzalo and Gus who organized an amazing batch. I would also like to thank the Le Wagon network that put me in contact with my new job. My life really has changed by learning to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining LeWagon Bali, I was working for a strategy consulting firm in Zurich. Most projects were about Digital and Analytics topics, where I realized how much there is to learn in this area. I knew I wanted to study Data Science in my Master, which... Read More is why I thought a coding bootcamp would give me a head start and an additional skill. Little did I know that the 9 weeks would give me so much more than that! In the first few weeks my day usually started at 6am with a 1.5 hour yoga session. At 9am, I had my first fresh coconut and was ready to soak up all the information our teachers would give us in the lessons. After the challenges, I was usually exhausted, but at the live code, full attention is needed to keep up. At the end of the day at around 7.30pm, we would all go for a quick beer and dinner and then drop into bed. This was such an exciting time because each day, I came home with a head full of new things I learned, all in an unbelievable speed. At this point, we were just getting to know each other as a group, and our driver did an amazing job at bringing us all together on exciting trips to beaches, islands and clubs. Good times! After a few weeks, every piece I learned started to come together like a puzzle. This is the most amazing moment. Building your first app, getting something live on the web, working in a team with other people pushing code on GitHub. You feel like you’re a magician, its FIRE! By now, our batch was one big family, organizing parties and weekend excursions together. We were a very diverse group, ranging from 18 to 45 from all educational, geographical and job-backgrounds, all hanging out together. I think that is amazing and exactly how it should be. After 7 weeks of hard work, we started to work on our own projects. This is when the real fun but also the real challenge starts. I realized that to be a great coder, you have to be able to do more than just code. Communication is key to a successful project and the biggest challenge was not the ability to do the things but to get a common understanding, vision and a working team together. At the end, this was the most important learning and I was SO proud to see the final result of our hard work. Overall, LeWagon has been the most empowering experience of my education so far. It gave me the ability to make my ideas reality and showed me that I can learn anything. I will continue improving my current coding skills and, now that I’m programming in R, I can tell that it has been key for me to get the foundation from LeWagon. Last but not least, it gave me a network of amazing alumni, a group of friends I will always be able to visit around the world and nine weeks of pure fun in paradise. Big Thank You to Bali, our wonderful teachers #BOOM and the #Batch253!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was a student studying Business Economics and that is where I met a friend who introduced me to the world of coding. I immediately started studying on my own and tried to get to a solid level but quickly learned how difficult that is... Read More without any real guidance. This is where Le Wagon Bali came in. I’m not going to lie, I was extremely skeptical before joining the course with major questions like “Can I really learn to code in only 9 weeks?” These questions were immediately shattered when the course began. Le wagon’s meticulously planned course, along with the incredible instructors, taught me more than I could have possibly anticipated. I learned 50x more in 9 weeks in Bali than I did in 3 months of studying on my own. I went from essentially knowing nothing to building my own fully functional web-applications. I am extremely grateful for the experience they provided and I seriously couldn’t recommend Le Wagon any higher to some one who wants to learn to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"My interest in coding was always very high. I've been working in tech startups for the last two years, but only got a sneak peek at the product behind the scenes. This made me very curious and it finally helped my decision to sign up for the Le Wagon... Read More Bali Bootcamp. The main reason why I choose Le Wagon was the hands-on learning approach. A typical day at Le Wagon starts at 9 o´clock sharp with a 1.5 to 2 hour lecture. Following the lecture every student is assigned a buddy using their awesome learning tool ""Kitt"". Together the two of you will tackle the challenges of the day on the terrace outside the classroom, always having the chance to ask for help from one of the teachers if you are both stuck. This is an extremely powerful and effective way of learning as it allowed me to find my own mistakes. In my opinion Bali was the perfect location for learning how to code, as it allowed you to focus while coding and stay calm when not. At around 5 o clock there will be a live code where everyone has the ability to show what they have learned throughout the day. I would have never thought it is possible to learn so much in such a short time. I definitely learned a lot in the last three weeks and we all did, while working in groups on our projects. This was not only extremely fun, but it also gave us a good sense of how to code in a team and showed how much more one can achieve when working in groups. After these 9 weeks at LeWagon in Bali, I have met wonderful people and broadened my personal network and have also finally the gained the skillset to built fabulous products.Read Less",le-wagon
"O curso superou minhas expectativas.O Le Wagon cumpre o que promete, e proporciona uma imersão no mundo da programação Web, com conceitos simples e muita prática. Após o curso, como empreendedor, me sinto seguro e preparado para enfrentar os desafios... Read More tecnológicos com os quais me deparo no dia a dia.Recomendo para todos que desejam compreender cada etapa de desenvolvimento de um produto digital.Read Less",le-wagon
"My background is in Marketing and Sales. I was freelance for Fahion Brands before Le Wagon including services like consultancy, sales, eCom and BZ developer basically in Barcelona. During the months before my bootcamp I started to investigate and learn... Read More to code and I quickly realice it was much more creative and exciting I could expect. So, after some interviews I realice Le Wagon was exactly what I was looking for. I wanted to develop new skills which could enrole me in new an different projects and learn another way of working / living. I have a friend who hardly recommend me Le Wagon He also wanted to breakthrough his profesional carrier, become a full stack developer and After one year He was there. Le Wagon creates a very good atmosphere. They create an amazing team between TA’s, Teachers and Students. A very different group of people (20 different nationalities), super interesting all focus on same goals and helping eachother to get there.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m from Uruguay and originally started my studies in the fields of marketing administration. After getting my Bachelor’s degree I started working in a startup company and saw it grow into a fast-food chain with more than 10 stores. Some years later I... Read More started to feel the need to change my career into something that I soon found to be my new passion… coding. A friend of mine told me about these type of intensive programming courses so I researched for the best ones in Europe and I found Le Wagon. After some research I decided to enroll in Le Wagon Barcelona, so I could also get to know the city. Two months later I’m starting my freelance career and also diving into teaching, I wouldn’t expect to be able to create the projects that we did in such a short time. Le Wagon Barcelona not only brought me technical knowledge, but also the experience of developing products in teams, contacts and a lot of new friends. They gave me all the tools to have an awesome and enriching experience, and I’m really grateful that I took it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was very interested in discovering how the most popular apps are built and how they work. My intention was being capable of making my own products one day, so I started self-teaching through online resources. However, I felt that if I really wanted... Read More to go deep, I would need some extra support. I had heard miracle things about coding bootcamps so I checked those in my city and I started digging about their syllabus, methodology, and reviews from former students. The only thing holding me back was that I wasn’t sure whether Ruby was still worthwhile learning, but this site helped me to dispel my doubts isrubydead.com, so eventually, I considered Le Wagon because it offered me a proven methodology, international environment, and I realised Le Wagon was more than a bootcamp, it is a community. I loved every single day during the bootcamp because you never get bored. You know that the next day you are going to learn the next piece of the puzzle you need to become a developer, so I was hooked. Teachers and TA’s were fantastic, always keen to help and really passionate about coding. Le Wagon platform is awesome, it is so well developed and full of resources and you have granted access forever. It has become my best friend since I finished. I am very happy now coding Ruby, but the most important thing you acquire during the bootcamp is the developer mindset. After that, you feel you can learn any other language much quicker, and you have plenty of resources and people to ask whenever you are blocked. It is now straightforward to follow the path that many people have traveled before. For the new students, I would recommend that you prepare as much as possible before the bootcamp if you really want to make the most of it. It gets tough sometimes so try to be familiar with all the concepts you learn during the prep work, and you will enjoy 10x the experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"I am writing this review a month after completing the Bootcamp. At my time at Le Wagon, I learned how to make a static webpage, scrape data from other websites, build a full-fledged Airbnb clone, build FireEvents, and executed my final project, all in... Read More 9-weeks. It was intense but it was totally worth the hours put in. I came into this program without knowing how to write a single line of code and 9 weeks later, I am equipped to build full-stack applications. The teachers are so helpful and considerate towards the students and are ready to help whenever needed. The coursework is designed well to suit a beginner coder and goes all the way to an advanced level in a matter of a couple of weeks. Of course, there is the prep work that every student has to go through to establish their foundations before the Bootcamp, and this definitely helped me get a better understanding of things during the classes. This program has helped me attain the knowledge that I need to achieve the things I want to on a professional front. Coming from a management background and changing it up to learn how to code can be scary, and I am glad I overcame my fears and took this up. I am very grateful to Le Wagon and the whole teaching crew in Bali for all the support and the resources that were given to me. As for choosing to do the Bootcamp in Bali, the classes were on the top floor of the Frii hotel which had an amazing view of the beach which was relaxing while coding. There are several co-working spaces in Bali which cater to digital nomads and you would definitely run into other developers there and find some freelancing opportunities. There are also lot of options for food and it's one of the best tourist destinations as well.Read Less",le-wagon
"It has been a bit under two months since I finished Le Wagon’s full-stack development Bootcamp, and my life has already changed drastically. I have been hired as a junior full-stack engineer and will be moving to Amsterdam for this new adventure.I can... Read More honestly say that Le Wagon’s mantra, “Change your life, learn to code”, could not be better said. This Bootcamp has not only given me the tools needed to change professions, but it has also helped me discover a new passion I can turn into a career. I would like to thank all the teachers and TA’s that made this possible as well as Gonzalo and Gus, who organized an amazing batch. I would also like to thank the Le Wagon network that put me in contact with my new job. My life really has changed by learning to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was one of the students who deliberated for many months over whether to commit to a bootcamp. I finally made the decision to resign from my job and paid the deposit for the Le Wagon bootcamp. The experience exceeded my expectations, and I feel it has... Read More put me firmly on the right path in both my life and career. I would suggest to any new students that the prepwork is very important. Ensuring you fully understand the concepts in the prepwork will put you in good stead to absorb as much of the bootcamp content as possible, as the bootcamp is very intense and fast-paced. The first 3-4 weeks in particular can sometimes feel a bit overwhelming, especially for those like myself who came with no background in programming or computer science, but just making sure you get some good rest and sleep in the evenings and weekends goes a long way. I chose the Bali bootcamp, and could not have been happier with the location choice. You'll make many new friends from all corners of the earth in your batch, plus the Indonesian locals are all super friendly. The school building itself is pretty special. The views and sea winds produce a calm atmosphere and environment. On the horizon you can see the surfers riding the waves of Canggu on the one side, and on the other, (if it's a clear day) you have the spectacular view of two volcanoes.For me, the teaching staff were the biggest factor in advancing my own personal development. They are jedi masters of programming, and they all have the patience of saints. When you're stuck either on a challenge or a feature of your project, the teachers are skilled at probing you for the answer instead of just giving you the solution. These instances slowly help you realise that you are actually understanding the concepts, but you just don't yet know how to express the solution entirely. The effect is a compounding of your confidence, which probably helps explain why as students we're able to build such complex projects in such a short amount of time during the project weeks. In addition, the Le Wagon style and system of teaching is very fine-tuned. The professionalism, and honesty in how they teach is impressive.Le Wagon clarifies that the bootcamp not only teaches you web development, but it teaches you how to learn. This bit should not be understated, and having left the bootcamp a few weeks ago I am now really beginning to see the effects of this. In my own work post-bootcamp, I'm finding that I can find solutions to my own dev problems quite fast, much faster than when I was on the bootcamp itself. One of the reasons I chose Le Wagon is because of their emphasis on giving you the tools to build your own startup. Le Wagon does not claim to find you a job, however the amount of career and job resources they give you upon graduating, are almost as overwhelming as the first few days of code.As an alumni, you also get lifetime access to all the course content plus more. As technology changes and advances, it's comforting to know that Le Wagon will continue to keep me up to speed.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you told me a year ago that I would be a junior developer at a fintech company and helping people learn how to code, I wouldn’t have believed you, but here I am!This time last year I was lost. As a trained journalist I had become disillusioned with... Read More the industry and I wanted out, in short, I wasn’t happy.I wanted to move into a more commercial role, and the natural transition from journalism would be into another content based profession, marketing was my answer.So, in August of 2018, my cv had been to every corner of the internet, screaming for attention. And a notification from Angel List would change everything, a coworking business in Bali wanted me to speak with them about a possible job!What?! Bali? Surely I couldn’t go and live in Bali, that would be too good to be true, right? But it worked out and the next thing I knew I was on a flight to the famous island, for a marketing job that I still knew wasn’t right for me…Coworking spaces by nature attract some interesting people. Remote workers living their best lives, away from the hustle and bustle of city life. Where I worked, there was a lot of people looking at screens of text that I didn’t understand… code.As a naturally intuitive person, I couldn’t walk around my office and not understand what these people were doing, it seemed on a different level and I felt helpless that I couldn’t read it.So I reached out to a close friend of mine who himself was a software engineer and I pleaded with him to teach me. He obliged and my coding journey started, one Sunday afternoon in an Ubudian cafe.It started with the basics, HTML and CSS, a coder’s bread and butter.Ok, I admit, I became a little obsessed. I found this stuff way too cool and my inner nerd was starting to take me over. I knew this was it, this was something that I knew would both interest me and provide me with a livelihood. Two weeks later, I quit my job, there was a coding bootcamp starting in Canggu that I needed to attend.I had heard of Le Wagon around Bali, I’d seen the little wagon logo but had never really known what it was, but from deeper research I knew this was the best one I could choose.I had two weeks to finish the prerequisite coursework before the bootcamp started, this didn’t serve my nerves well as I was more confused than anything else, but my motivation remained and the start date rolled up.I was about to embark on the best educational experience of my life.Setup day, a day for everyone to meet each other and prepare their systems for the two months we were about to put them through, Windows people (me) brace yourself for issues (and tears), Mac users, get ready for an easy day!The first chunk of knowledge we had to absorb was Ruby, the key programming language Le Wagon teaches, and one that fits behind the scenes on Rails (all will be revealed) and what a beautiful language it is. It is regarded as a beginner friendly language because of how expressive and flexible it is. You can solve the same problem in a variety of ways, no wonder why programmers around the world still love it.Arrays, hashes, iterations, blocks, all words and concepts that will be drilled into you until you can’t sleep without thinking of them. When I heard the bootcamp was immersive, I didn’t realise it would be to this extent, but it really is the best way to learn such initially difficult concepts.Next up, OOP, or Object Orientated Programming, the paradigm on which Ruby-on-Rails is built. Something about cakes and cake moulds? Le Wagon has great ways of simplifying at a high level core programming concepts and OOP was for me, one of the most fascinating parts of the bootcamp.Here, we also built our first basic applications, sure only through the terminal, but to build something you can use and interact with after just two weeks coding, pretty cool.Following OOP, we delved into the realm of databases, considering database design and SQL, a veteran language used to interact with and manage databases.We looked at how this all pieced together and worked with web applications, faking, migrating and generating data. Data is king, and here we learnt how to manipulate it.After four days of databases, we moved onto the sexy part, a week and a half of front end languages, HTML, CSS and Javascript. Everything that creates the part of a web application that you can see, in short, the stars of the show.Here is an interesting part of the bootcamp as you start to see the people with a real design nous excelling and enjoying themselves, which not being one of them, was nice to see. Front end is hard and I gained a new found respect of front end developers.Rails is the next topic to cover, and you bring the knowledge of Ruby you acquired a few weeks prior to the table. Rails is a programming framework that makes setting up a fully functioning web application relatively easy. Everything becomes connected in these weeks and lightbulb moments begin to appear!Then, the big daddy, the crescendo of the bootcamp and the project weeks. Everything has been built up to these weeks, the drilling, the confusion, the frustration. We were now released in teams of four to design and build the projects of our dreams and imaginations. First, we spent a week working on an Air BnB clone, this is to learn how to work well in our teams and practice building a fully functional web application.This week proves significant, as you make mistakes that you don’t want to repeat over the main project fortnight. Also we give a presentation on the Friday which prepares us for the finale of the bootcamp, Demo Day!The last two weeks are intense, but also extremely fun. Using GitHub and working in a team of four and having stand up meetings every morning, these days are when you start to feel like a developer. Bringing the skills you have learnt, and applying them to something tangible and real.I personally enjoyed the last two weeks the most out of the whole bootcamp, I love working in teams and to see something becoming a reality through your own know how was extremely rewarding.My team built a cycling app for cycle tourists to plan routes, drop locations and connect with fellow tourists. Over the two weeks we messed up, we backtracked, we worked our socks off and as demo day approached, we grew extremely confident of the MVP we had designed and built.Demo day came at us fast and this is the swan song for all the teams, a night of free flowing drink and presentations said with pride. It really was a night to remember and some of the projects that were on display were incredibly impressive.Amongst them, a trading app, a crypto currency balancer and a yoga studio management tool to name just a few.Now, as I start a new job as a junior developer just two months after I graduated, I look back on Le Wagon not realising how much it changed me at the time.Le Wagon has taught me the skills to make me in demand in an exciting and ever changing tech industry, the real hard work for me starts now but without Le Wagon this would have never been a reality.I still know nothing in the grand scheme of things, but I know more than many. Pretty much everything I write doesn’t work initially, I still break things, I still see code that makes me scared and I don’t understand. But I can do things that someone with no programming experience would think was magic.Le Wagon has equipped me with the tools to dissect code, to break it down and finally make sense of it. It has given me the foundation on which to build and develop.The thing with coding is, you always get lost, but you work to find yourself again, I’m still as lost as I was a year ago, just now I’m lost in a codebase.If you are questioning whether to embark on a bootcamp like Le Wagon, my advice, do it and think about it later, commit yourself to the cause, it really will change your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon's programme was absolutely fantastic, with a structure that was inclusive and set up to allow all types of learners to excel. The teaching staff were great and always on hand to help should a problem arise, as well as giving well led lectures... Read More on the content within the course. One element of the course I really liked was that the skills were taught to pretty much set up the students to build their own business once they were finished should they want to. Thanks again!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Frederic, I am soon to be 24yrs old, and originally from France. I am a former Le Wagon student, but before I did this school I used to work in hospitality. After 7 years In this field where I did everything from cook, waiter, bartender and... Read More supervisor, I arrived to a point where I knew I needed to change my path in life. I was tired of the long hours (10-12h), the stress, angry customers and disrespect. I wasn’t happy anymore, and wanted a career that stimulated my intelligence, and where I can constantly learn and improve myself. Growing up I always had an interest in IT, so I decided to search online for an IT school where I could learn Coding. Preferably in a fast way as I couldn’t stay too long without a job. After finding a few different schools, there was one in particular that caught my eye. It was Le Wagon ! And what’s so special about Le Wagon you ask ? They teach you Coding in only 2 months, and they make it very easy for you to find a job right after. After careful consideration I decided to apply for it. Shortly after I had my Skype interview with the school manager (Alex), and once I passed that interview I was given the Prep Work that all student need to do to be prepared for the Bootcamp. Once the Bootcamp started I got very motivated to see that there were 41 other students just like me wanting to change their lives. Everyone was really supportive and the atmosphere was really chill even though the course was really intensive. As this is such an intensive course and you have to learn so many things it’s normal sometimes if you feel like you don’t understand, or start to question wether you will be able to find a job after. But I tell you what, all the staff (the manager and all the teachers) are incredibly supportive. They take their time to explain, help and motivate you along the way. This whole experience has been life changing for me. I had the chance to make some good friendships and connections, and managed to find (less than a month after) a job as a Software Developer. A big thank you to Le Wagon London and their staff for making this whole bootcamp a life changing experience. If you are wondering whether you should do it or not. Just stop wondering and go for it, you will never regret it. Good luckRead Less",le-wagon
"After finishing high school, I worked for two years in banking, where I first got introduced to topics like digital banking. It wasn’t until I started my undergraduate studies in sociology, politics and economics that my curiosity about the interplay... Read More between ongoing technical developments and the socio-economic changes, grew. I wanted to deepen my understanding of how those technologies are created and programmed. Starting the Bootcamp, Batch #269 in Oslo, was a very spontaneous decision but I am so happy I joined Le wagon over the university summer break. Lewagon gave me a perfect introduction to the tech world. The program is so well thought out that after the 9 weeks, you can put specific topics into perspective and get a better understanding of the bigger picture. Coding always seemed so abstract and overwhelming to me, that I din’t know where to start learning. But after the Bootcamp, I began to realize how broad tech actually can be, and I was surprised to see how many diverse job opportunities within the field of coding exist. Every day of the bootcamp was very intense, full of new information, impulses, vocabulary, and I always wished to have a pause button, to quickly read up on topics/things. It was challenging, and at certain points frustrating. But at the same time, it gave me a lot of energy: the moment it ‘clicks’ is extremely rewarding. The support from the teachers and team colleagues motivated me to improve. Teachers at Le Wagon do not just teach the subjects but also guide you on how to approach new tech challenges along the way. At some point you start to realize patterns and improve your problem solving skills. The last two weeks (project weeks) were the most intense but looking back also the most fun and rewarding. I was really intrigued by the idea of pitching own ideas and creating something entirely from scratch. We definitely experienced many up and downs in the team and it was extremely helpful to have all the teachers by our side checking up on our progress and helping us to structure and scope our work. I ended up making compromises and successfully resolving unexpected challenges. Having a space of so many kind, motivated, and interesting people really made this a unique experience for me. I was amazed by the level of motivation and the efforts of the staff to help you improve. You get a chance to fully focus on your own personal development. I feel like this interdisciplinary learning approach over 9 weeks gives you a guidance and a very stable foundation of knowledge, network, and experiences.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 3 years of work experience in a consulting firm, I wanted to change of universe, in order to discover web development which was murky for me. Le Wagon’s program seduced me and during those 9 weeks, I could discover, understand and learn some of... Read More the computer languages which are the hidden side of all websites and applications that surround us everyday. Le Wagon’s experience met perfectly my expectations, regarding the learning aspect and the environment. One year later, I have not kept on practicing coding but my experience at Le Wagon made the difference when applying to jobs. I got a new job as a CFO in a startup named Blackpills because the co-founders liked the fact that I was able to discuss with the technical team, and to understand their technical issues and challenges.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was very interested in discovering how the most popular apps are built and how they work. My intention was being capable of making my own products one day, so I started self-teaching through online resources. However, I felt that if I really wanted... Read More to go deep, I would need some extra support. I had heard miracle things about coding bootcamps so I checked those in my city and I started digging about their syllabus, methodology, and reviews from former students. The only thing holding me back was that I wasn’t sure whether Ruby was still worthwhile learning, but this site helped me to dispel my doubts isrubydead.com, so eventually, I considered Le Wagon because it offered me a proven methodology, international environment, and I realised Le Wagon was more than a bootcamp, it is a community. I loved every single day during the bootcamp because you never get bored. You know that the next day you are going to learn the next piece of the puzzle you need to become a developer, so I was hooked. Teachers and TA’s were fantastic, always keen to help and really passionate about coding. Le Wagon platform is awesome, it is so well developed and full of resources and you have granted access forever. It has become my best friend since I finished. I am very happy now coding Ruby, but the most important thing you acquire during the bootcamp is the developer mindset. After that, you feel you can learn any other language much quicker, and you have plenty of resources and people to ask whenever you are blocked. It is now straightforward to follow the path that many people have traveled before. For the new students, I would recommend that you prepare as much as possible before the bootcamp if you really want to make the most of it. It gets tough sometimes so try to be familiar with all the concepts you learn during the prep work, and you will enjoy 10x the experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before coming to Le Wagon, I was in my final year of my Bachelor’s degree at McGill University in Montreal, Canada. I had been studying information systems and finance for the past three years but felt link I was lacking one of the most important skills... Read More to work in the tech world: coding. In the hopes of becoming an IT consultant or work in the biggest tech companies, I felt like I had the business and strategy side notably though my internships but not understanding a single line of code was for me a huge weakness. Therefore I stumbled on Le Wagon’s website through a simple Google search “coding boot camp” and was very quickly convinced that it was something I HAD to do. So many options in different cities around the world but I chose the Barcelona one given the amazing reviews and the experienced teachers and TAs (besides that who wouldn’t want to spend 2 months in Barcelona?? :slightly_smiling_face: ). A few months later I was able to create working web applications with features such as geo mapping and instant messaging. To this day, I still cannot believe how much I learned in such a short period of time. Along with 3 other amazing teammates, we were able to build a fully functional web messaging and file storing app called MyFam which uses a tag system to make retrieving files super simple. I really feel like I could have never achieved such an amazing end result without my boot camp experience. With that experience I am now on my way to achieve my goal and in the process of finding the roles I wanted but didn’t qualify for due to my lack of knowledge in app development.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello, I am 51 and I have been working in the software industry for over 28 years. Back in 1990, I received a Master of Engineering from EFREI in Paris. I started my career as a Java developer and then evolved to a Software Product Architect position... Read More and finally to a Product Owner one at Cisco. I was still coding for my personal projects on the side and in 2018, I decided to get back to coding on the professional plan. Therefore, I joined Le Wagon to up-skill myself by learning state-of-the-art programming languages and quickly becoming up to date. During the bootcamp, I enjoyed everything: from the pedagogy to the people, including the yoga classes and the diversity of the network. Afterwards, while I was teaching classes at Le Wagon, I also learnt React and started a freelancing career as a fullstack developer. As Raphaëlle Giordano says: “Your Second Life Begins When You Realize You Only Have One” and I feel like I’m starting this new life after Le Wagon because even if it’s not easy, I want to do (only) things that I enjoy. I am grateful for now being able to fulfil this wishRead Less",le-wagon
"J'ai intégré la formation Fullstack Ruby du Wagon Bordeaux (batch #246, www.lewagon.com/fr/bordeaux) du 8 avril au 7 juin 2019, sur les conseils d'un ami qui venait de finir sa session quelques temps auparavant.Si j'ai décidé de postuler au Wagon c'était... Read More avant tout pour me reconvertir professionnellement et tenter de devenir développeur web en acquérant de nouvelles compétences techniques, et le moins que l'on puisse dire c'est que je n'ai pas été déçu ! La formation est intensive (42h / semaine pendant 9 semaines), très complète et très enrichissante. Vous apprenez les rouages du code en suivant un programme qui a largement fait ses preuves, ce qui donne un profond sentiment de confiance tous le long du parcours. Après avoir passé 7 semaines à emmagasiner du savoir, les 2 dernières semaines sont réservées à l'élaboration d'un projet (par groupe de 3/4) qui prend la forme d'une application web. Ce projet permet de concrétiser et de mettre à pratique tout ce dont on a appris depuis le début de la formation, et c'est à ce moment là que l'on comprend réellement pourquoi nous avons fait tout ce chemin !La formation dispose de professeurs qui sont tous des modèles de pédagogie, d'accessibilité et de sympathie, ainsi que des professeurs assistants (des anciens élèves qui sont mis à disposition des nouveaux pour les aider à accomplir leurs exercices) dont j'ai la chance de faire parti aujourd'hui.Les locaux, situés cours Balguerie Stuttenberg aux Chartrons sont spacieux, bien équipés et idéaux pour travailler dans de bonnes conditions.En résumé, j'ai vécu au Wagon une excellente expérience qui m'a permis d'acquérir de nouvelles compétences et de faire des rencontres humaines très intéressantes.Je recommande à quiconque qui est intéressé a devenir développeur web, product owner ou product manager à suivre ce cursus professionnel.Read Less",le-wagon
"With an engineering background, I decided to complete the bootcamp at Le Wagon to develop my dev skills and launch my own startup. It gave me all the necessary skills to understand all the dev that we need for our product, to develop the MVP and launch... Read More it with paying customers. Moreover, I become very concern about the UX/UI of the product which is so important. With this amazing experience at Le Wagon, I have now all the skills that I was looking for and I had 9 incredible intensive weeks with a team of teachers always trying to help you as much as they can. I highly recommend this experience, which was amazing !Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I had mostly worked in hospitality. I had been a manager, chef, bartender, waiter, working in restaurants, pubs, nightclubs, festivals, cafes and street food. However, at the age of 35, I decided it was time for a change, to find a career... Read More where I wouldn’t be on my feet all day long, and also be creative. That’s when I looked into the idea of becoming a developer. I heard about the existence of coding bootcamps through a friend, and after a lot of investigation I settled upon Le Wagon in Barcelona. Needless to say, I’m very happy with my choice!It was without a doubt the best educational experience I’ve had, and only further fuelled my enthusiasm for coding. Besides learning how to build web applications and solve problems through code, I have made some friendships and connections that will undoubtedly endure the test of time. Project weeks were a particularly highlight for me, where my team and I built a complex web-chat and file-storage application. Now that the course is finished, I am still enjoying coding, and am adding even more features to our project. Thanks a lot Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I always felt like I would need to have a creative career. I studied fine art and illustration but as much as I appreciated the background it gave me in lateral thinking, I still felt like I wanted to do something more practical and disciplined. I began... Read More teaching as an English teacher and I found that it gave me that discipline I was looking for, as well as being very gratifying. I found that my favourite part of doing a lesson was planning it, creating new materials and discovering new apps or new ways of laying out lessons that were more interesting or effective. It was fun playing around with little pieces of paper, and gave me the opportunity to try out what would work with my students. However, I still really wanted to create something that felt real and tangible out of these experiments.Two of my brothers were already working as programmers, so I suppose that I realised more quickly than other people might have that programming was a way to create something from this that felt a little bit more real. I was already living in Barcelona, so I was also already conscious that people in Barcelona live pretty well! It’s also very easy to make a lot of connections because people here are very helpful and there’s a lot going on. There are often people who want to collaborate with you or would like to show you how to do something and learn a little bit from you as well.The teachers in Le Wagon were great, I suppose mostly because everyone has a good mentality about growth. It felt very fresh. The different people on the teams all brought something unique and useful, but it never felt like I was being forced to think one way or another. The most common line of thought among everyone was that they were proud of the work that had been done on the Le Wagon materials (which are incredibly well-researched and tested) and of how their own efforts were layering on top of that work and refining it. They were also all very kind, which is important when you are learning something intensively!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before deciding to join to Le Wagon, I was taking a Python Bitcoin development bootcamp where I met an alumni from Le Wagon. His story and experience with Le Wagon was so intriguing, I had to stop everything I was doing and dig deeper into the Le Wagon... Read More bootcamp and what it had to offer. I came to Le Wagon with a background in IT and had a few minor roles in college as a junior web developer and as an intern as a iOS developer, so I thought surely the bootcamp couldn't be that intense. I quickly found out in the first three weeks I was wrong. Looking back, my favorite thing about the structure of the program was that all the teachers always reiterated one thing: to trust them. Even at times when I felt defeated the instructors at Le Wagon always made sure to help guide me in finding a solution. I really began to appreciate the structure of the program when things slowly started coming together as they promised. And as someone with an entrepreneurial mindset, that really resonated me because sometimes, you just have to trust the process - just don't stop! I'm still blown away by the level of depth and engagement of the program, goin as far as to say I feel like I learned more in 9-weeks than I did during my four years in College. I'm eternally grateful for the amazing experience that the Le Wagon Bali family shared with us and would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn how to code and build product-focused applications.Read Less",le-wagon
"With the rapidly expanding digital market, all professions are subject to digital transformation. As a lawyer, I wanted to learn how to code in order to participate in this digitization in the legal field. The two months at Le Wagon allowed me to learn... Read More how to code and work in a team to create a web application from scratch. During this intensive training, we feel that we are progressing every day and the teachers are very competent and attentive. Moreover, the atmosphere is great and a strong effort is made for everyone to progress hand in hand. Don't hesitate.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had 12 years of professional marketing and sales experience, but had been thinking for some time about migrating to the technology industry, as such knowledge is becoming increasingly important in the professional market, such as speaking English. So... Read More I decided to open a new line of study in my career and started from scratch to study programming. The start of bootcamp was very difficult, especially for me who had never studied anything about it. But Le Wagon's teachers and all the professionals were spectacular to help us all the way, and with less than 3 months of hard study and practice, we finish the bootcamp confident to enter in a new market and begin a new professional life. It is a fascinating world, and one should always be studying and improving. But if you want, Le Wagon will give you all the tools for the best learning possible.Read Less",le-wagon
"It's been two months since I finished Le Wagon’s bootcamp in Milan and all I can say about it is that it was a life changing experience! Before attending the bootcamp I had never written a single line of code, I had a background in Design but I wanted... Read More to learn something new and useful. Every day is extremely intense, you have a lecture in the morning and you spend the rest of the time coding and making mistakes. It may seem boring but it's not, it's challenging and if you struggle there are always teachers and TAs ready to help. Also, everyday you are paired with another student so you are never alone.After you learn the basics you star working on projects, everything is really well-structured so you never feel like something it's impossible plus you are working with a bunch of skilled and motivated people and that helps too.And then comes the demo day, the most beautiful yet saddest day of the bootcamp. You are there with your new best friends showcasing all your work...but that's the last day!These 9 weeks went by so fast, I met a lot of incredible people from all over the world and I've learned more than I could have ever imagined. If you're considering doing this bootcamp...just do it, you won't regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello, my name is Martin, I am a business student and I decided to take a gap year to learn how to code. I chose Le Wagon which was the perfect fit for me. I am very satisfied because I am now able to take freelance gigs on the side and keep learning... Read More more about code by myself while continuing my studies !Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked as a delivery man and I tended to code amateur (home automation, arduino, etc ...).I wanted to try coding professionally and Le Wagon was the best choice to make!This bootcamp was amazing! During these 9 weeks, the staff was always there to help... Read More us in case of doubt.Teamwork is encouraged in the program and beyond working hours with cool events that create a beautiful community!The training has met my expectations and I would recommend it without hesitation to all those who wish to change careers or even acquire more skills.Read Less",le-wagon
"It was just another day with a few of my friends at the university library, where I spend most of my time at, either studying after classes, reading books for a research programme, or just read comics, when we were talking about our plans for the summer.... Read More One of them talked about Le Wagon, and I felt like going bootcamp would be more interesting than to keep doing more research at the university. Web development is also very different from robotics so I decided to give it a try.I still vividly remember the first day at the camp. With people from different backgrounds, different nationalities and above all, different age groups, I thought I would not make a lot of friends, but I could not have been more wrong. From strangers to classmates, to classmates to friends, to friends to family, we have grown really close to one another over the course of two months. I was no stranger to coding, but web development is an entirely new thing. The lecture slides were great, and the teachers were very instructive and friendly. Coding challenges were hard and draining, but the teaching assistants were always around whenever we got stuck or a talk to relieve stress. At the end of the day, live code and flashcards really brought all the knowledge together.The project weeks have to be the most memorable for myself. Every topic was so different from each other but it was when everything was brought together. I had a great team, and everyone at the camp pretty much says the same. After all, we all share the same passion to get our project something we can be proud of. Things didn't go as planned, but our teachers and teaching assistants' help, we got about 10 times faster than our normal speed during coding challenges. The bootcamp has certainly changed my life in a lot of ways. I have not only learned web development, but also got a lot of connections. Le Wagon also provides a lot of resources to expand on our current knowledge. I have been working creating my own project since the camp has ended, and the huge alumni community is always around when I need help.9 weeks at Le Wagon is a memory I will never forget.Read Less",le-wagon
"After an engineering school, working in a bank 2 years and a working holiday visa in New Zealand for a year. I decided to join Le Wagon to become developer.I had some basics from my school but I didn't really like the way it was taught. I also learnt... Read More some stuff on my own on Internet before but I didn't know how to join everything to make something global.Le Wagon fit perfectly what I was looking for : a fullstack program in a short time.I really liked the format : most of the time spent on programming yourself.Moreover the team is really dynamic and there are many events organised, which enables to share experiences with many people from many different backgrounds.The community is very strong and it keeps going after you ended it. I would definitly recommend it.Read Less",le-wagon
"It is interesting how Nick and the rest of the team managed to challenge and motivate everyone regardless of their amount of coding experience. Going through the mandatory basics was fine because there was always a bunch of deep diving to be done when... Read More finished. The tracking system for lectures, assignments and repetition is very easy to work with and helps you to keep track of everything. Repetition is worked into the education model through flash cards which are tedious but very much worth while for solidifying the learnings of each day. You really get to feel around for what suits you the best from front end to back end. 10 different specialist teachers made the whole experience very dynamic and they really created a very energizing atmosphere with a lot of laughs and companionship! The bootcamp focuses mainly on Ruby, Ruby On Rails, Javascript and CSS so be aware of what languages you need to learn.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been worked in food export, during 4 years and I was looking for new challenges, new opportunities. That's why I decided to learn coding in le Wagon and I didn't regret it!I didn't have any knowledge about coding and it was so much fun and fully... Read More interesting to create a website in 9 weeks. It's an insane challenge for me and I recommend this bootcamp for any person who wants to complete a new challenge. You will learn so many things in 9 weeks and it's a very good boost for your CV.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm currently in my last year of my studies, mediatechnology. During this studies we are trained to prototype and idea into a design and then make a Minimal vialble product of this idea. During my studies i learned a lot of different programming languages... Read More but never really got a real expert profound knowladge of the programming language. I'm currently in my last year of my studies, media-technology. During this study we are trained to prototype and idea into a design and then make a Minimal viable product of this idea. During my studies I learned a lot of different programming languages but never really got a profound knowledge of the programming language. For my bachelor thesis I have to build an MVP for a company. To be more confident in programming I decided to take the Le Wagon bootcamp to improve and be more consistent in my programming. I started the course quite confident as I already had some programming knowledge and was overwhelmed with the fast pace of the bootcamp. Event with my knowledge the bootcamp was really challenging. I never learned so much in a day, let stand in nine weeks! Because of the pair programming you learn how to explain your code to people and you learn to ask for help if you do not know how to solve the problem. During the bootcamp you learn all the basics and also learn how to write clean and good code. This is something I haven’t learned during my studies and is something companies really like to see. I can recommend this course to anybody who wants to start a career as a developer or wants to know what is takes to become a developer. Even if you have some programming knowledge this bootcamp will help you with working in teams, developing a design and pushing it to the market. It is also great course for people who want to build a software product and build their own start-up.Read Less",le-wagon
"In the early years of my studies, I was in a business school in Paris, taking mostly finance courses. At the same time, I have been hired in an investment bank for 2 years, in algorithmic funds for institutional clients. After a while, being in touch... Read More with high level programmers every day increased my interest in coding, especially since financial activities are increasingly prone to automation. This thirst for knowledge led me to sign up for Le Wagon coding bootcamp in Paris and I can say that I don’t regret it. I was not only amazed by how fast and how much I could learn there thanks to a well-designed pedagogy and the involvement of the teachers, but also surprized by the community: the staff is great, the alumni network is quite active, and numerous events are organized. Last but not least, for those who are into entrepreneurship, this program may be an excellent way to find future partners. Would recommend 100%!Read Less",le-wagon
"For many years I’ve worked in retail, as a shop manager and as a franchisee. Even though I’ve enjoyed my time I must admit I always felt the urge to learn programming. It was not an easy decision to make, but I finally did it and I haven’t regretted for... Read More a second.I would never expect to learn as much as I have during these 9 weeks. Even though I’d had some understanding of the basic concepts of programming from before, I can now actually make real life applications and truly call myself a junior developer. I really liked Le Wagons learning platform, the program itself and the teachers were really knowledgeable and skilled. I know now that this is what I want to do, and I will never stop learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon coding bootcamp in Bali and it was the best decision i could made. I have a business background, i went to a business school in São Paulo and tried to open my business for couple years. As my business demanded tech knowledge, i really... Read More suffered trying to translate what i wanted for my business to the developers i was working with. I had a lot of problems during development, which made me took the bootcamp. I really its the hands-on methodology and the statup mindset they have. During this 9 weeks of bootcamp, the staff was always happy to help with the doubts we had which made me comfortable to learn even more. Learning how to code was difficult but at the same time, very pleasant! I highly recommend it to others entrepreneurs or wannabe developers!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a great, great experience at LeWagon Buenos Aires and would highly recommend it, especially for beginners/people who are changing careers. I did quite a bit of research before choosing a school, and I chose LeWagon because it has been around for... Read More a few years, I read great reviews both on CourseReport/SwitchUp and on various people's blogs, and also it seemed to be great great value (the one in BA was especially great value). I had never done any coding before, so I wasn't sure yet if I wanted to become a computer programmer, and I wasn't ready to drop $20,000 for a bootcamp in the US. I was really impressed with the curriculum at LeWagon. Each day and each week, I would look back at what I had accomplished and would be amazed with what we had accomplished. It's all very well done, and I liked the daily schedule as well - it worked well for me. Although I learned a lot the first 6 weeks of the bootcamp, for me, the most fun weeks were the last 3 in which we got to actually work on projects. I'm really proud of what my team created for the final project, and it's something that I feel confident including in my GitHub portfolio. I also learned so much during that period that I now feel comfortable launching small web apps on my own. I still feel like I have a lot more to learn, but I at least feel that I have a strong foundation from which I can build upon which is so important. Before the bootcamp, I had trouble studying on my own. Now I feel much more comfortable working on my own. But the main reason I would highly recommend LeWagon Buenos Aires specifically is that the teachers were amazing. They were incredibly dedicated -- I couldn't believe how many hours they put in, giving 100% energy all the time. The two teachers that I had also complemented each other really well. They both obviously cared so much about each and every one of the students - they followed up with each of us regularly, giving us advice and asking us how we were feeling about the material. They were highly knowledgeable, motivating, and patient. I really can't emphasize enough how incredible they were. The only negative thing about LeWagon is that there isn't really much job assistance, but I knew that going in, so I don't really mind that, and for the cost of the program, I'd say it's still completely worth it without the job assitance. The alumni network is also very active on Slack, so we get access to lots of job postings through that which is great! All in all, the program is GREAT value and I highly recommend the LeWagon at Buenos Aires!Read Less",le-wagon
"Very hard, intensive but it can change your life if you try.",le-wagon
"I joined batch #276 in Bordeaux, France, and I enjoyed every part of it. It was intense, but it was worth it: we had passionate teachers, and we were all eager to learn as much as possible.It's a very rich experience, that brought me what I was looking... Read More for: online courses are a good start, but they were frustrating because I felt I was lacking skills to see my ideas come to life. I had acquired basis in HTML/CSS/JS: I was able to make nice-looking static websites, but that was pretty much it. I knew nothing about database, geolocation, search/payment features, to mention just a few. I didn't even know what was CRUD, and even less what was a framework and how to work with it.In Le Wagon, your daily learning rate just explodes: it's really addictive! I could never have learned that much on my own, whether on a technical point of view or in terms of good practice and tips. I really wish this bootcamp would last way longer!Now I am technically capable of building a tech product from scratch, and I have both the overall view and the skills I need to keep self-training on the Internet in a much more efficient way than before Le Wagon.To sum up: Le Wagon brings you skills and MUCH practice, but also a network, friends, and a strong foundation for a better self-learning. Conferences about tech are also really interesting and motivating.I am very glad I went for it: it was worth a thousand times the personal and financial investment.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always been interested in learning programming. As I couldn’t leave my job for a long time I was looking for an intensive short – term course.That’s how I found Le Wagon and lucky me, it was their first Madrid batch!! Fell in love with Ruby from... Read More the first sight! I didn’t have any previous knowledge and I will tell you that it is very important to do all the prep work they give you.I can say that I have learned everything that I wanted, it was really challenging and a lot of fun. I feel now that I have enough knowledge to continue studying by myself.And another but not less important thing is that I met a lot of wonderful people from all over the world!! So..would rather choose Le Wagon once again to enjoy people and studies :)100% recommended!Read Less",le-wagon
"I always was interested in developing but I wasn’t sure I could do it. As I am in professional reconversion, I decided to give it a try and I discovered Le Wagon. I had a lot of training before le wagon. So I can say that Le Wagon is the Best training... Read More center I’ve been. Teachers are very skilled and passionate by they job. The other alumni was very motivated as well, and, together, we manage to build some awesome app that we could even imagine two month before. If you are curious in coding and motivated, Le Wagon is the best place to go.Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing high school, I worked for two years in banking, where I first got introduced to topics like digital banking. It wasn’t until I started my undergraduate studies in sociology, politics and economics that my curiosity about the interplay... Read More between ongoing technical developments and the socio-economic changes, grew. I wanted to deepen my understanding of how those technologies are created and programmed. Starting the Bootcamp, Batch #269 in Oslo, was a very spontaneous decision but I am so happy I joined Le wagon over the university summer break.Lewagon gave me a perfect introduction to the tech world. The program is so well thought out that after the 9 weeks, you can put specific topics into perspective and get a better understanding of the bigger picture. Coding always seemed so abstract and overwhelming to me, that I din’t know where to start learning. But after the Bootcamp, I began to realize how broad tech actually can be, and I was surprised to see how many diverse job opportunities within the field of coding exist.Every day of the bootcamp was very intense, full of new information, impulses, vocabulary, and I always wished to have a pause button, to quickly read up on topics/things. It was challenging, and at certain points frustrating. But at the same time, it gave me a lot of energy: the moment it ‘clicks’ is extremely rewarding. The support from the teachers and team colleagues motivated me to improve.Teachers at Le Wagon do not just teach the subjects but also guide you on how to approach new tech challenges along the way. At some point you start to realize patterns and improve your problem solving skills.The last two weeks (project weeks) were the most intense but looking back also the most fun and rewarding. I was really intrigued by the idea of pitching own ideas and creating something entirely from scratch. We definitely experienced many up and downs in the team and it was extremely helpful to have all the teachers by our side checking up on our progress and helping us to structure and scope our work. I ended up making compromises and successfully resolving unexpected challenges.Having a space of so many kind, motivated, and interesting people really made this a unique experience for me. I was amazed by the level of motivation and the efforts of the staff to help you improve. You get a chance to fully focus on your own personal development. I feel like this interdisciplinary learning approach over 9 weeks gives you a guidance and a very stable foundation of knowledge, network, and experiences.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before coming to Le Wagon, I was at sales function in Banking Industry. I had no skills in Tech at all, but somehow had the feeling that I love coding and will be good at it. Le Wagon was the place that not only help me from 0 to 1, but also empower me... Read More with the skills of how to learn. Now, after 9-week intense and enriched bootcamp life, I see an upgraded version of me for sure. I am so grateful that I have gained far more than I could imagine here, especially the friendly and vibrant community, with everyone coming from different background but sharing the same spirit and passion, I can continue fast learning momentum even after bootcamp. I am now doing several exciting projects with batch mates and teachers. Coming to Le Wagon was the best decision ever.Read Less",le-wagon
"So at the end of my classical business administration degree I felt lost. I majored in finance and accounting and after I did an internship in auditing I knew that this was not for me. When my college program came to an end, I fortunately had the opportunity... Read More to do an internship in product management. However, just collaborating with developers was not enough for me, even though that was a very enjoyable experience - I wanted to learn to build stuff myself!I talked to a lot of people and the overall message I got was: ""If you really want to learn as much as possible and be employable after just a couple of months, you should consider a coding bootcamp"". So I started looking into coding bootcamps and as it turned out, Le Wagon was the best rated coding bootcamp I could find. In the beginning, I was pretty skeptical since I usually dont trust products, that almost have no bad reviews. I started looking deeper into it (curriculum, demo days, former students on linkedin) and as it turned out, a lot of people were really able to transition into tech afterwards even though they had no traditional tech background!So I applied, had the interview, and got accepted. The following 9 weeks were nothing but amazing. Each day, we had an interactive lecture followed by coding challenges which deepened the knowledge and also helped in getting to know the other students. Thanks to the buddy system, you always have the opportunity to ask questions to another student or explain concepts if you feel like you really understood it. There are also a lot of incredibly competent Teaching Assistants who make sure that you won't be stuck for too long. Each day subsequently ended with an interactive livecode session in which one student would go upfront and showcase his solution to some new coding problem. Furthermore, Le Wagon did a very good job in making sure that all the students get to know each other by hosting a lot of very cool and interesting events.The most fulfilling experience were the last 3 weeks in which we built 2 products in a 3-4 member team. Going through the first incredibly draining and ultimately joyful 6 weeks finally came together in building something by ourselves which we would ultimately showcase in front of all the people on demoday (definetly check out some former events on youtube or go visit one yourself!)If you really want to acquire the necessary skills to build something yourself and be employable as a junior dev, I'd 100% recommend doing LeWagon. Its teachers, people and curriculum are incredible and the environment is something you'll have benefits from and can contribute to forever.Read Less",le-wagon
"Great bootcamp, amazing experience up till now the best in the country.",le-wagon
"My background is only a single semester in Computer Science (and tons of hours in Codecademy ).For a long time, I’ve always been fascinated in the programming world. I remember my first time looking at bits of HTML/CSS code (around 6-8 years ago) and... Read More was confused on what it was. Although, my confusion only sparked my curiosity. There began my first time actually learning about HTML and CSS (and yes I did not know of JavaScript at this time). Unfortunately, I didn’t really know how to proceed and nothing really came out of it.Fast forward to 2 months ago, I joined Le Wagon with the hopes and goals of gaining knowledge for what I’ve always been passionate about and actually build something concrete and live for everyone to see. On the other hand, I got to meet and spend time with a lot of people from all over the world during the bootcamp, which in itself was a bonus! (shoutout to batch #253!)I remember my first day in the bootcamp clearly, setup day (probably one of the hardest days, lol). After the setup was finished, it was time to rock and roll. First set of challenges for the day, done, Boom. The excitement and thrill for the next days and challenges were experiences that are hard to forget.For 9 weeks, my life was an adventure. Everyday, we learn new things. The teachers said that the first three weeks would be intense, so I buckled up and prepared myself for the ride. I’ll be honest, some days were quite bumpy, a couple of roadblocks here and there. But thankfully, the teachers were there to help and guide us. Stuck on a challenge? Frustrated and don’t know what to do? Ask the teachers for help and they will help you until you understand. (shoutout to the teachers, you guys are amazing)Week by week, I learnt a lot of new things. Pieces of a bigger puzzle that I will get to touch later on in the bootcamp. From Ruby, Object Oriented Programming, Databases, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and eventually Rails, the bigger puzzle. Rails (and project weeks) was definitely my favourite part of the bootcamp. All the things I’ve learnt in 6 weeks, I finally got to piece all of them together into one single thing, a web app. I was ecstatic! I finally achieved one of the reasons why I joined the bootcamp.Now all of this boils down to one thing, the end project, which takes place in the last two weeks of the bootcamp. We were separated into groups (in which we sort of choose by ourselves). Different groups, different products, but all of us share the same goal, build a web app/product.14th of June 2019, the last day, or as we call it Demo day was an amazing experience for me. We got to showcase our new abilities that we’ve learnt for the past 9 weeks into something real and in front of a giant crowd!In the end, Le Wagon successfully exceeded my expectations. My hopes and goals are now accomplished, with everything I’ve learnt in the past nine weeks, I am now equipped with the knowledge and ability to dive into the programming world and I am now ready to set new goals for the future me.Read Less",le-wagon
"More than a bootcamp. Hard, challenging, it takes the better of you, but the return it's incredible. Not only you're fully capable of getting a job at tech after Le Wagon, also you become part of this amazing community which have members all around the... Read More world. Le wagon is interested in you to get all the tools necessary to become a good developer. Their challenges are well thought and focused on teaching different programming languages and skills. Highly recommend it to anyone who is trying to get into the programming world.Read Less",le-wagon
"Graphic Designer / (Digital) Art Director since 2001, I join Le Wagon in order to be surrounded by nerds and improve my coding skills that I used to acquire roughly by myself through last 18 past years. I learn a lot in 9 weeks, and people here, teachers,... Read More managers, and students were so cool and talented! If I could make it twice, I would 1000%!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as an IT-Consultant implementing ERP systems for many years and felt it was time for a change. Since I always wanted to learn how to code but could not afford the time while working full time (especially in Japan!), I decided to take leave... Read More from my company for two months (which they gratefully agreed to) and joined the Le Wagon boot camp in Meguro, Tokyo. I felt at home at once surrounded by awesome teachers and people from all around the world and had the most awesome time. The best thing is that I can now confidently say - I learned how to code! I can now create prototypes on my own even with languages we did not use at the boot camp (e.g. Python) while - probably the most important skill I learned there - being able to catch up on stuff I don't understand yet by using Google/the internet, a task I just could not do before joining the boot camp. I rejoined my company again now working as a part engineer/part consultant in projects utilizing Internet of Things concepts, Deep Learning and lots of Web-engineering. Work became so much more fun!Read Less",le-wagon
Working as Graphic designer since several years I decided to give new impetus to my professional career by following the training offered by Le Wagon Lausanne. This school showed me an absolutely fascinating world based on the sharing of knowledge. The... Read More teachers are very professional and are available for each one throughout the training. The school subject is complete for anyone wanting to start a career in web development. I thank Le Wagon for making me discover a new passion.Read Less,le-wagon
"My name is Frederic, I am soon to be 24yrs old, and originally from France. I am a former Le Wagon student, but before I did this school I used to work in hospitality. After 7 years In this field where I did everything from cook, waiter, bartender and... Read More supervisor, I arrived to a point where I knew I needed to change my path in life. I was tired of the long hours (10-12h), the stress, angry customers and disrespect. I wasn’t happy anymore, and wanted a career that stimulated my intelligence, and where I can constantly learn and improve myself. Growing up I always had an interest in IT, so I decided to search online for an IT school where I could learn Coding. Preferably in a fast way as I couldn’t stay too long without a job.After finding a few different schools, there was one in particular that caught my eye. It was Le Wagon ! And what’s so special about Le Wagon you ask ? They teach you Coding in only 2 months, and they make it very easy for you to find a job right after. After careful consideration I decided to apply for it. Shortly after I had my Skype interview with the school manager (Alex), and once I passed that interview I was given the Prep Work that all student need to do to be prepared for the Bootcamp. Once the Bootcamp started I got very motivated to see that there were 41 other students just like me wanting to change their lives. Everyone was really supportive and the atmosphere was really chill even though the course was really intensive. As this is such an intensive course and you have to learn so many things it’s normal sometimes if you feel like you don’t understand, or start to question wether you will be able to find a job after. But I tell you what, all the staff (the manager and all the teachers) are incredibly supportive. They take their time to explain, help and motivate you along the way. This whole experience has been life changing for me. I had the chance to make some good friendships and connections, and managed to find (less than a month after) a job as a Software Developer. A big thank you to Le Wagon London and their staff for making this whole bootcamp a life changing experience. If you are wondering whether you should do it or not. Just stop wondering and go for it, you will never regret it. Good luckRead Less",le-wagon
"I spent 5 years of my life studying Psychology. After those years when I finally obtained Master’s in Clinical Psychology, I went full on into working in very challenging environments, such as prison or hostel for homeless people struggling with addictions... Read More and mental health problems. As much as I enjoy helping people and being a psychologist I felt like I’m missing something. One day I finally let myself to be convinced by my best friend to give coding a go. Next thing I know I’m at Le Wagon! I boy don’t I love it!Making a decision to join this particular Bootcamp was not an easy process. The market is full of different opportunities and options to learn to code. I knew that personally, I feel much more comfortable when learning in a group and being supported both by my colleagues and teachers. So having realized that I started my research. Le Wagon was coming on top of my searches every time but then there was one thing that really concerned me. By design, I’m a rather skeptical person, so when I saw all those Le Wagon’s awesome reviews online and the fact that I couldn't find any bad ones really put me off. However, that said, I was still curious about them so I decided to give it a go.First weeks were extremely exhausting for me. I have no technical background so everything was so new and so intense! Surviving this early stage was possible for me only because of the buddy system and incredible support from all teachers and TAs. I was a little bit afraid of working every day with another colleague every day as I feared being judged. As it turns out I couldn’t be more wrong. At the end of the day we were in the same boat and we were going through the same problems. That made as close and we knew we can count on each other.Project weeks were the best by far! That was the time to put all that knowledge into practice. Working in my team was like a rollercoaster at moments. We really wanted to build an amazing app so there were frictions between us, however, those moments made us even closer and made our work even better. We coded together, we solved problems together and we were laughing together.To sum it up, if I could give any advice it would be, don’t hesitate to ask questions, don’t hesitate to ask for help, and more importantly, don’t hesitate to admit that you don’t understand something. At Le Wagon there’s no need to pretend, that’s not a race to be the best. Le Wagon is about you learning as much as you can and to enjoy the experience to the fullest!Read Less",le-wagon
"Whilst on a sabbatical from my career in strategy consulting, I did Le Wagon in order to understand a bit more about tech and how to build websites. This was primarily to help me with my own long term aspirations of setting up my own start-up. Ultimately,... Read More the course did just this and provided me with a solid background and understanding as to the coding process and how the various parts of a stack fit together. Creating real life products such as an airbnb website and a tinder for tennis web-app helped to solidify those learnings. Whilst this course is designed for those that want to transition careers into a coding role or re-fresh their knowledge; it is flexible and rigorous enough to provide useful learnings to those who are just dipping their toes in.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am writing this in hopes to help others that are searching for a coding bootcamp. Do not believe the positive reviews - do not go to Le Wagon!!The curriculum is outdated - you will learn Ruby and Ruby on Rails . Upon completing the bootcamp two months... Read More ago, I have met with over a dozen potential employers, all of which are shocked that we learned these programs. One of them even told me they thought it was unethical. I now agree with him. I met with one recruiter that has access to thousands of developer positions across Canada. He did a search in his database for junior positions with Ruby on Rails. Zero jobs were returned. He was doing this to prove a point to me and told me I should start learning other languages.When I expressed my frustrations to the people running the program in Montreal, they told me that employers are looking for junior level people that are ""willing to learn"" and that it doesn't matter that we learned Ruby. Maybe this was true five years ago, but it is not true now. The market is getting saturated. I don't know anyone more hard working or willing to learn as me.There is also no career support. I get occasional messages on Slack about junior level positions in Montreal, all of which require that you know React or some other language that we didn't learn.If you are in Montreal, you should go to Decode MTL or Lighthouse. They are both Javascript based courses and will teach you Node and React. Decode also assigns a TA to each graduate to help them with the interview process and the job search. I really wish I had done that one. I have met a few people at events over the past few months that did Decode and graduated at the same time as me. They all got jobs right away, because they have hireable skills. Don't make the same mistake as me! I am now having to split my time between learning React and Node on Udemy and still trying to search for jobs on my own.I wish I could give this program less than one star overall - but it looks like I'm required to give it one. I chose this bootcamp because of the reviews, which after completing the bootcamp truly baffle me. I hope this helps someone.Read Less",le-wagon
"During my studies of Economics in Frankfurt I have developed a interest for IT and after I graduated with the Bachelor I made the decision to learn how to code. A friend of mine who experienced a similar education chosed Le Wagon and told me about his... Read More experience before and after the Bootcamp. This has encouraged me in my decision to participate in the Le Wagon Bootcamp and it was absolutely worth it.The experiences I made during the bootcamp were overwhelming. I got to know a lot of interesting people and learned a lot of new things.The time during the bootcamp was very challenging but the environment and the atmosphere in everyday life contributed to the fact that it was a lot of fun. But it was not only the time during the lessons but also the time with the teachers and other participants that made it so special.Barcelona is a very liveable city. I lived in the district Gracia near the Le Wagon campuses. Gracia has a lot to offer there are many cool bars and restaurants and the people are all very relaxed. The city generally exudes a spirit of its own and offers with many events opportunities to get to know new people outside of the course. One of my personal highlights was the Placa del Sol, where many people met in the evenings to drink a beer, make music or just sit in the sun and talk.For the future students of Le Wagon I would highly recommend the bootcamp. It is lots of fun but also hard work it is necessary but worth it to fully commit to the program. My advise would be to revise the daily challenges either with the provided videos or with the flashcards it helps a lot while learning so many new things everyday. But besides all the studying you should not forget to enjoy the city of barcelona with all its variety.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started working in Ad Tech for about four years ago. Prior to that I had very little digital or technical experience. But I have always enjoyed problem solving and understood very quickly in my job that I wanted to learn more about coding. Knowing how... Read More to code wasn’t necessary for my job but it was a plus to know more about HTML and CSS and maybe a little Javascript. So I started some online courses, trying to learn on my own. But doing that next to a full time job was difficult and felt a little lonely because I didn’t know who to reach out to.So when I googled for coding bootcamps, I read about Le Wagon and was immediately convinced that that was going to help me tremendously, and I wasn’t wrong.I was part of the #269 batch in Oslo and it was one of the most intense, fun, rewarding and confidence building things I had done in a while. I am a mom of a 2 year old, so I was a bit nervous about the intensity of the program and the time that I wasn’t going to be able to spend with my daughter. But I was prepared for an intense period, and it was difficult at times, but it was all very much worth it. I am very happy and proud that I made it through, and left the bootcamp with a real confidence boost.Le Wagon really knows how to teach how to code in nine weeks, they tell you from the beginning to just trust the process, and everything really does come together at the end. With Le Wagon, you don’t only gain new technical skills and confidence, but also a super friendly network of now over 5 000 people, that have all been through the same experience you have.I returned to my job, to a new position as a junior developer, and already started a new online course to learn node.js. With everything I’ve learnt during the bootcamp, this process is now going so much better and easier then it would have been without. I understand the basics of coding a lot better, and feel much more confident in my skills.I am forever grateful for my experience with Le Wagon, and I would, without a doubt, recommend it to anyone who is motivated to learn how to code. It really does change your life! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m a Civil Engineer, and I’ve worked in Infrastructure Construction for almost 11 years now. 2 years ago, a friend and I started our own consultancy specialising in Planning. Recently we have noticed a growing sense of urgency to innovate and digitise... Read More the industry, and knew that we were capable of making a big impact. But we lacked the critical skill sets required to deliver the change the industry is asking for. We needed to be able to code.I looked up various bootcamps, but Le Wagon kept coming up as the best course. So I joined. From the first day, I knew it would change the course of our company, and every lecture gave me a new insight into what was possible.The structure of the course is one of the most powerful things about it, you are guided through first principles and learn the inner workings of the code, before being shown the various tool sets that can make your life easier. Everyone was encouraged to jump in and ask questions during the class, and this benefited the rest of the group.For an entrepreneur, this course was perfect, because throughout the 9 weeks you are taught different sides of the development process, from product sprints, collaborating in small teams, guided in terms of the importance of good user experience and much more. Plus, you hear inspiring stories about previous students who have gone on to do so much.The last half of the course is a build up to the Final Project. I was lucky enough to get my pitch chosen, which was important for me as I wanted to use it as a practice for developing a real construction solution. The team I worked with was brilliant, and we put our learning to the test and worked through lots of tough issues together. We were really proud of our app - an automated system for managing permits to work on construction sites. I’ve been showing it off to clients since then and getting real interest on the back of it.Over the 9 weeks, you take so much in, but due to the rate of learning, at times you reach a bit of a cognitive dead-end, where no path forward to a problem comes to your mind. That’s when the TA (Technical Assistant) comes to the rescue! They are super helpful, and I thought of them as both a fixer and a coding therapist when you reach your wit’s end. One of the things we were told at the start was to “trust in the process” and all through the course after about the 3 week mark, we all started having those “Ah, now I get it!” moments, which was one of the most satisfying things. So you really need to stick at it and push yourself, knowing that you always solid support to fall back on.Based on having the skills I gained in the course, we are now going ahead with our new product called Resolve, a place where construction teams can raise and sort out issues that come up on their sites. Another benefit is the community, and having direct access to great talent with our mindset. Since the bootcamp we have already hired a graduate and are looking for more people to join our team.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to Le Wagon, as an entrepreneur with an education consulting business in China, I definitely felt the pain of not having the tools to validate and test my own ideas on digital platforms. Deciding to attend a coding bootcamp was my commitment to... Read More addressing this, and after some research, I decided on Le Wagon due to its focus on building products and the fact that it had a program in Shanghai (where I live).The experience itself greatly exceeded my expectations. One thing that I don’t think gets mentioned enough is the quality of the community and the culture that Le Wagon built. Both my classmates and the teachers are unfailingly kind, motivated, and responsible. This positive environment, together with the refined digital platform that supplements live lectures, were the key features that really motivated and supported my own learning process.From a curriculum standpoint, I found Ruby to be a great choice as the starting language. Meanwhile, the rapid prototyping that Rails made possible was also a huge motivator for me - knowing that I would get to build a full-fledged product with a team after the 5th week allowed me to push through some of the more mundane sessions in the beginning.Another great thing about Le Wagon is that it doesn’t end after the 9 weeks. The day I graduated from the camp, our teachers pulled me into 6 different chat groups and began passing career and project leads to me right away. While I wasn’t looking for a full-time role, the amount of career support I got let me know that were I to be looking for work, I’d have the resources to make it happen.Overall, Le Wagon won’t serve your needs if you want to learn data analytics, native app development or front-end frameworks. But to anyone who’s looking for a bootcamp that focuses on building real tech products within 9 weeks, and wants to get plugged into one of the nicest and most helpful tech communities in the world, I’d definitely recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I worked in Consulting and Finance. Despite learning a lot in these two industries, I was looking for a job that would give more meaning to my life and through which I would work on tangible products that can impact people’s lives.... Read More Also, I knew I wanted to be an entrepreneur in the next two years.Therefore getting into the exciting and booming tech sector made a lot of sense. My civil engineering background and my analytical way of reasoning made a coding bootcamp the most appealing bridge to that sector. Choosing a bootcamp was an obvious decision thanks to Le Wagon’s reputation.The 9 weeks went very well, I felt intellectually challenged and satisfied, learned a lot, and found a passion. The limitless pool of things that coding allows you to do, from machine learning models to making people’s everyday lives easier, is something I find very exciting. Additionally, it is an ability that cannot be found in other industries and jobs. Also, I get a lot of satisfaction from building tangible automated products.Read Less",le-wagon
"I come from a liberal arts background but have always been passionate about tech. After graduating from university, I worked for a tech startup, but I quickly realized I wanted to understand the product on a deeper level. I had been wanting to learn how... Read More to code for some time and heard about Le Wagon from multiple people around me. The timing was finally right and it felt like the perfect opportunity. Trust me, the reviews barely do justice to the amazing experience it is! The staff is incredibly dedicated to us, and although the program itself can be intense at times, I cannot stress how rewarding it is. If you had told me I would have learned everything I have throughout this Bootcamp, I would not have dared to believe you. Moreover, you're not just learning how to code, but applying these skills into building a real product, as well as becoming part of the community that is Le Wagon.Loved everything about it and would strongly recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was such an amazing experience. The teachers and TAs are great. They are always willing to go the extra mile to help the students in whatever way is needed. It’s fair to say that I never learned so much in such a short period of time.The whole... Read More experience was life changing. The process is optimized to take your skills to another level and help you move forward. The bootcamp entails a lot of hard work and long nights but is worth it. The best thing of all was the people you meet and the friendships you make. To sum up, Le Wagon is much more than just a coding bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
Excelente curso para realizar uma transformação de vida e de carreira.Contando com uma capacitada equipe de trabalho e com excelente professores a Wagon consegue ensinar em 2 meses o que muita faculdade não consegue.Curso mais do que recomendado e aprovado!... Read MoreO aluno precisa se entregar aos estudos e gostar de novas oportunidades e bastante conhecimento.Se eu pudesse fazia novamente!Parabéns equipe Wagon.Read Less,le-wagon
"A super team with a amazing organization. The wagon Paris enabled me to acquire real notions in web programming (Html , Css , Java Script, Ruby on Rails). For beginners as well as those with programming skills. The entire team is there for support you... Read More and help you to achieve your goals, not only during the course but also afterwards. After two months in The Wagon I am able to create innovative websites and I can continue to learn other knowledge by myself. I recommend it entirelyRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has taken me from not being able to write a single line of code to being able to create a fully functioning web application in just 9 weeks! I think that’s pretty amazing. The skills I have been able to pick up have exceeded my expectations of... Read More what I would be capable of once completing the course. All the teaching assistants are very helpful, knowledgeable and have been through the programme themselves which is a huge confidence booster on days when you might be struggling and wondering whether you’ll ever grasp it!My intention was always to find a career as a developer afterwards and the support to help me achieve this has been fantastic and goes well beyond just teaching you how to code. The online learning platform Kitt - created by the staff - and the active slack community of past alumni are an invaluable resource which I constantly reference even after finishing the programme. Coding is pretty much a key life-skill these days which Le Wagon has helped me achieve. I would 100% recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have made Business Development &amp; Innovation project management for Sodexo for 3 years and graduated from EDHEC Business School in Strategy and a tense in media content, SEO/SEM, digital marketing. I tended to code as hobbyist (home automation, raspberry,... Read More etc... )I wanted to try to code on a professional level and Le Wagon was the best choice to make!The bootcamp was Amazing! Very instructive as from personal and professional point of view!Read Less",le-wagon
"I've never learn so much in a short period of time. I took a gamble and quit my job as a marketing assistant and did the full-time course. I went from zero coding knowledge to getting a full-time job now as a web developer.I definitely wouldn't have been... Read More able to get a job studying by myself online, Le Wagon has many helpful teachers &amp; TAs with lectures every morning. The buddy system is particularly helpful I learnt a lot from my classmates as well I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who's looking for a career change or even gain more skills and preferably do full-time.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to Le Wagon I was working as a freelance designer struggling to get the attention of clients. I knew I had to do something to change my game and become a better professional with a more robust skillset. Researching what to do I found that the market... Read More needs professionals able to ""code"" the solutions for their problems more than ever. Knowing that I went to one of the demo days of a batch and was mindblown with what they accomplished in so little time. I knew I had to apply so I applied and learned a lot. It was life changing. The whole process is optimized to take you to another level. Really worth it. Now I have interviews and more clients than i can handle, networking there made the whole difference. When they say ""Change your life, learn to code"", they are not lying.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was such an amazing experience. Before it, I was trying a career on law, and couldn't be more unhappy. I have always wanted to learn how to code, and the bootcamp taught me everything I needed to know, plus giving me the necessary abilities to... Read More learn new languages if I ever want to. I feel much more happy and accomplished with the path I'm taking on this new career, and this is all thanks to Le Wagon. Also, the teachers and TAs are all awesome, it's like a family!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has changed the way I view how to code. I have a more technological background, I graduated in Computer Science in 2002 when there were hardly any web systems. My career has followed paths that led me further into the world of databases. I was... Read More curious about web development but it seemed to be a technology so different from what I knew that I believed it was not for me. But at the beginning of 2019 I got a better understanding of what bootcamp was and what Le Wagon was offering so I decided to head in. The experience was amazing. All that technology that I found complex, was super simple! I changed the course of my career and the way I saw the world of development. For my part it's just compliments to everyone at Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Never learned so much in such a short period. I’m a graduate in production engeering. Before le wagon, I was working in the backoffice of a financial institution. I was coding a lot in VBA and SQL and I was liking it. Eager to dive deep in the development... Read More world I quit my job and started le wagon (not before a lot of searching of course). The bootcamp was much more than I expected. They do not only teach you, ruby, sql, JavaScript, css and HTML but also how to create web products in a very fast way. They also go deep in the concept part, which make it easier to learn other languages and frameworks afterwards. It was 9 hard working weeks... but rewarding. The staff of Le wagon also makes the journey fun and exciting. Now I’m working in a small company, as fullstack developer/product manager, doing maintenance in the existing applications (in asp.net framework) and creating new ones in Ruby on Rails. Some day in a near future I plan to create my own app ;) thanks le wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Whilst looking for bootcamps in London a few came to mind. As usual I looked at all the reviews from various websites and Le Wagon was the only bootcamp that had the best reviews. If I am really honest I thought the reviews seemed too good to be true... Read More and I tried very hard to find a bad review. Therefore I called Le Wagon directly and spoke to Alex Tombeur the UK Manager who was extremely helpful in helping me understand the course structure and what was required of me to enrol onto the course such as completing the prep work etc. Alex kept in regular contact with me and did not put any pressure on me in enrolling onto the course. To add further, Alex tried to help me find alternative ways to fund the course such as providing information about the governments Advanced Learner Loan. Unfortunately the government withdrawn this support before my deadline; however Alex was not to know this. Back to the review.......It have to say that studying at Le Wagon has literally been the best thing I have ever done. The staff have been helpful, understanding and being an alumni (also a bonus) has given me a life time support from Le wagon. The course itself provided me with the fundamentals of coding and enabled me to search and read documentations online which is something all coders do. Not forgetting the friends I have made throughout the course. The support post-bootcamp was also extremely helpful. The week after completing the bootcamp, Le Wagon arranged a hiring week event at Le Wagon where it gave us (the alumni's) the opportunity to speak with recruiters and employees looking for junior web developers. I was able to get an interview with a company on the day. A few things before I finish......... If you are thinking of enrolling yourself onto a bootcamp I have to inform you that its not easy and it takes a lot of work, patient, dedication and commitment. If you can try not to miss ANY lectures as even missing the first 5 minutes can be detrimental to your learning. Le Wagon has been a life changer and I cannot thank the staff enough...hence why I completed a review, which is something I never do. But I had to share my experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"For anyone committed to seriously challenging themselves by learning to code, Le Wagon is a great choice. For those especially if you come from another professional background and have very limited exposure to coding, Le Wagon provides an accelerated... Read More way in building your fundamentals and confidence in code. The goal of every bootcamp is to build you to a level that you can then sustain yourself through your own learning, and I believe this curriculum can deliver that. After the program, I felt well equipped to continue my own learning by myself and to pursue a career in software engineeringPros:Good curriculum (teaches you fundamentals before teaching you the convenient way), pair programming, fun projectsCons:To make the most of the program and succeed after graduation, you cannot do the bare minimum. The programs min requirements are not that challenging, so you should always aim to achieve 100% in every days assignments.Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon definitely deserves its high reputation, in many ways:- The network of Wagon alumni community is very powerful + there are many possibilities to connect with the local tech ecosystem thanks to Le Wagon staff. In my case in Lyon, France I had... Read More the opportunity to attend many events and be introduced to many people thanks to Le Wagon driver. That helped a lot to find a job very quickly after the bootcamp- Le Wagon currciculum is a proven method, tried and tested that enables any newbie to become a junior webdeveloper in 9 weeks. I don't come from this background and yet, I can't believe I managed to create 2 web products in less than 9 weeks. You don't learn how to code but ho to build web products which makes the difference in the workplace afterwards. I think this is why Le Wagon as a brand is well recognized by employers- The overall ambiance in Lyon is fun and playful. Teachers are extremely knowledgeable and happy to share their knowledge, tips, best practice in a relaxed atmosphere. Teamwork is encouraged within the curriculum and beyond bootcamp hours with fun events and drinksOverall I must say this was a life changing experience. I would definitely recommend itRead Less",le-wagon
"My name is Daniele, and after a year of travelling Asia, I realised that I did not want to go back to my old job working in a restaurant. I wanted to be able to work from anywhere, and because of my long held interest in computing I decided I would learn... Read More to code. After completing some online courses, I realised that I was in need of increasing my pace of learning.While I met some people who had gone to do a coding bootcamp. I started to do some research and came across Le Wagon. After researching where I could do the course, I seen that there was a new bootcamp in Bali.After the first day of introductions and system setup, the course started at a fast pace, with lectures in the morning after which we were randomly paired with a coding partner. For the remainder of the day we would work on coding challenges with our partner and interfacing with the Le Wagon Kitt System. Not only was this a great way to tackle the challenges, but also a way to learn more about each other. As everybody got to know each other, it wasn’t long before we found our after-camp meetup spot, where we would discuss the days problems and successes, while sipping cold beers from the shop.As we got into the final few weeks we pitched ideas for the final projects. I pitched a bot application that would be able to automatically make trades on a cryptocurrency exchange. My idea, Crypto-Balance, was chosen, after which the kitt system perfectly selected my teammates based on an algorithm.Now that we were in teams our first project would be an AirBnb clone. This 1 week project allowed us to work out each others strengths and weaknesses and have some practice of the processes of working as a team on GitHub.For the final 2 weeks we would work on the Crypto-Balance application, having to deliver a working MVP to be presented on demo-day. Our app had a lot of back-end which would have to work with the Binance API. We found this to be challenging as there were a lot of margins for error. However we were able to fine tune the code by demo day so that the MVP was successful.All in all the bootcamp was a success for me. I made many new friends from across the world and I learned how to make full stack applications. I also have lifetime access to the brilliant Le Wagon Kitt system and the Le Wagon community chatrooms on Slack. I fully recommend the course for anyone who wants to jump start their skills in web development!Read Less",le-wagon
"Ph.D. in NanoPhysics, ex-project manager in a tech startup, I joined Le Wagon Lyon to improve my technical skills in web developing for new opportunities. The way of learning is the thing I liked the most. The quality of the lessons, exercices and also... Read More the teachers were unbelievable. The organization of the batch was also very appreciated. Matthieu made us comfortable during all the training. The training met my expectations. Impressive way of learning and very nice community. I could easily recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"A little background of myself, I'm a former product manager at a edTech startup, during the job I felt frustrated sometimes about communicating with the development team. With no prior experience in computer science nor coding, I wanted to up skill my... Read More profession by learning to code. With also some startup ideas in my mind I targeted on programs that are 1)full-stack, 2)MVPs will be made at the end, 3)entrepreneurial minded batch mates, 4)short amount of time. Le Wagon Melbourne definitely exceeded my expectation. I enjoyed the course that is thoroughly organised that at the end you'll have an impression of: ""Yes, things we've learned so far are connecting and merging in to a greater picture! "". With support from professional teachers and TAs, they could talk me through the struggle and working out the problems I had. Best thing I learned during the bootcamp is having problem solving skills which is encouraged a lot at the bootcamp.  There's one part that people might concern about the bootcamp is the Job support, I believe there are bootcamps offering things like guaranteed interviews or so, however what Le Wagon offers is letting you know the methodology of how to get hired, it definitely helped me a lot. With assistance from the country manager and alumni network, it is not complicated to land on a dev job once you're dedicated.I'd definitely recommend Le Wagon Melbourne!Read Less",le-wagon
"Completely novice with coding, it's amazing what we can learn in only 9 weeks. It's an all-new world unfolding before my eyes and I could never thank you enough Le Wagon Lyon for that amazing journey.",le-wagon
"Soy diseñadora gráfica con más de 15 años de experiencia y tras tantos años me planteé que quería volver a invertir en mi perfil profesional. Pensé que aprender a programar frontend era un paso natural en mi carrera y que hacer un ‘coding bootcamp’ era... Read More una buena solución para mi inquietud puesto que, en tan sólo 9 semanas se ve todo lo necesario y ya estás preparado para dar el salto como ‘programador junior’.Así que me puse manos a la obra para encontrar EL bootcamp. Tras entrevistarme con 5 de los que se ofrecen en Barcelona, fue tremendamente fácil para decidirme por hacerlo en Le Wagon. Su espacio, su ambiente, los profesores y la metodología, me convencieron desde el primer momento y ahora que ya lo he acabado no puedo más que decir que fue todo un acierto haberles elegido.Para mi ha sido muy intenso porque era mi primer contacto con el código y debo decir que de no haber sido por los profesores, TA’s incluidos, que estuvieron dándome soporte todos y cada uno de los días, no lo hubiera conseguido. Son extremadamente cuidadosos y están muy pendientes de la curva de aprendizaje de cada uno de los alumnos dando apoyo y refuerzo en todo momento a quien lo necesita. Sin duda alguna puedo decir que hice la mejor de las elecciones eligiendo Le Wagon para dar este salto en mi carrera profesional.Read Less",le-wagon
I really think it's an amazing coding school ! I learned a lot about ruby on rails and it is so useful for me now in my startup. I am able to code pretty much everything we need here. Also the staff is amazing and the student life is awesome ! We have... Read More after work every Friday night and a lot of events ! I really enjoyed everything in this program !Read Less,le-wagon
"In today's world, knowing how to code has become more of a necessity than a luxury. Being an entrepreneur and having faced tech related challenges in my previous venture, I was certain that coding is a skill that I definitely need to develop so that I... Read More have no dependencies on other people when I want to create an MVP of a new product or when I want to partner with an agency or hire developers. After doing some research, I came across Le Wagon and decided to do the bootcamp in Bali. That decision was probably one of the best decisions of my life. I learned a lot more than I expected. The teaching method is also very hands on which ensures you grab all the concepts and the entire staff is always there to help out in whatever way they can. If you're on the fence about this, I would say just do it and you won't regret it all. I cannot recommend the bootcamp enough for anyone and everyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always been amazed by the disruptive power of tech-startups and also dreamed of pursuing my own business ideas. But I also always felt like I need someone else to code them for me. I thought coding is one of these things you can only wrap your... Read More head around if math was your favorite subject in Highschool, you spend your free time writing your own computer games, your brain is a perfect square, etc... But when I came close to finishing my bachelor’s degree I also didn’t feel like getting a job in that sector so I started looking for some alternatives. Le Wagons’ value proposition caught my attention: “Learn how to code great tech-products in nine intensive weeks!” they promised. Still questioning my coding talent I made the decision to challenge myself.Fast forward to today I am grateful for this decision because Le Wagon has made a huge impact on my career path. During these nine weeks, I went from 0 coding skills to being able to launch a real web application. After learning essential programming basics in the first weeks I really enjoyed how our TAs embedded the Bootcamp in an entrepreneurial context including Pitch Events and Product Design Sprints. In small groups, we had to apply our new knowledge to transform one of our own ideas into a real product.While everything I learned in this Bootcamp was important and fundamental programming knowledge, I feel like the most valuable thing for me was that I lost all my fears related to coding. I feel empowered and able to learn anything.I recommend Le Wagon for anyone who wants to found a startup or get a job as a Developer. I also recommend doing more than just the required prep-work. If you start from 0 like me try to do as many online courses before the Bootcamp as possible to develop this specific logical thinking. There will be so much new information and the learning curve will be so steep that you will be thankful for anything that you have already learned before. Also, keep in mind that this is just the kickstart of your education if you’re serious about making this your new profession.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I first heard about the Wagon I felt I needed to add value to my managerial education with a harder set of skills. Programming obviously came to my mind and so I started looking at opportunities to get involved. Many online programming schools presented... Read More candidates with attractive features (low cost, schedule flexibility…) but none seemed to have both the professional and social aspects of Le Wagon and its solid cursus and internal structure. In the end, more than just hard programming skills, we were further introduced to the thriving technology industry, bringing us at the crossroad of our initial formation and this new one, leading us into more strategic positions for ourselves, particularly in our approach to project management and learning how to better set and surpass expectations.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon bootcamp batch #247 in Montréal. Le Wagon bootcamp exceeded all of my expectations, not only due to the new skills I got out of it, but also to the people I was surrounded with. For me, it was a human experience and a learning experience.... Read MoreI received my bachelor in Psychology but I did not want to pursue a career in it. I decided to go into Marketing. After working a year as a marketing coordinator, I found that it was not for me, but I loved creating websites, and maintaining them. So I decided to learn how to code. Joining Le Wagon finally enabled me to get rid of that growing frustration and empowered me to work more efficiently with developers, to better manage digital projects now considering them also from a technical point of view, and to build my own digital projects.Le Wagon’s methodology is perfectly designed and well rhythmic for people with no prior coding knowledge. The outstanding teaching staff is constantly sharing tips and the best practices they gained from years of experience which gives a lot of hindsight and help better understand what you are learning.On top of that, Le Wagon gives you all the tools and resources you need to keep learning autonomously and improve your coding skills in the long-run.Last but not least, Le Wagon is also a strong community of creative and entrepreneur-minded people driven by the pay-it-forward mentality that it’s just awesome to be part of.In a nutshell, whether you are in digital, you want to be able to build your own projects, or you are currently working with developers, this bootcamp is for you :slightly_smiling_face:Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a very strong experience in the cultural field and yet I was often ignored by French recruiters. With that in mind, I wanted to learn to create things by myself with my own hands, so I told myself, why not learning to create web apps. After all,... Read More it would also allow me to keep running and developing cultural projects, while magically becoming super sexy in the eyes of recruiters.Le Wagon enabled me to value my previous skills, while pushing me to discover a new world, full of ruby-coloured magic. Most importantly, it is Le Wagon’s community that pushes each one of its members to surpass themselves and give their best to achieve their personal goals.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before the bootcamp, I studied in a school that didn't satisfy me due to the horrible environment in which it was inserted. When I joined the Le Wagon Lisbon, I didn't expect such a engaging environment, where all the staff makes you feel at home and... Read More makes you want to learn more every day.Looking back, it's amazing to compare the first day with the last (you go from not knowing how to make a simple line of code, to being prepared to build amazing web applications).Without a doubt an experience I recommend 100%! Not only do we go out prepared for the world of code, but we end with friends for life! I venture to say that it was one of the best experiences of my life.If you want to be happy programming, choose Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to work as a Marketing Manager in a Start Up.I was constantly working with people from the Tech team, and I realized that communication between Marketing and Tech was actually very complex. That's how I wanted to learn how to code. So I did not... Read More hesitate, and I decided to subscribe at Le Wagon.After the bootcamp, all I wanted to do is was keep coding. I didn't expect to love that much coding, and I think it's because Le Wagon conveys well this passion for code. Thanks to Le Wagon, I was able to join very quickly a Web Agency as a Full Stack Developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"For some time I had intended to learn coding. I always had the idea that it would be almost impossible to learn in a short time how to do it. Until I join the Le Wagon experience. They were 9 very intense weeks, in which every day new concepts are incorporated.... Read More It really was very useful everything I could learn in that short period. At the same time, it gives me the security to be able to continue learning on my own and perfecting myself in the world of coding. The course forces you to get out of the schemes and leads you to learn many topics in a short time. In addition, to find solutions that are available to everyone through the web and try to solve problems on our own.The teachers were excellent and we had great support. The result of our 9 weeks was a platform like airbnb but aimed at managing private garages. In the final presentation in front of an audience in which we presented our project, we had a very positive response from the public in general, and we even had the opportunity to present the founder of Le Wagon who congratulated us for the work. His feedback was very positive for us. We decided to make our project a reality and now we are finishing developing it to lunch it in the market in a few days.As experience, it was very positive, very recommended for all those who want to start in the world of coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 12 years of gathering experience in Marketing for big multinational companies I have decided to make a career change and dive into the ocean of digital expertise. I knew that I want to become a web designer but the journey to get there starts with... Read More understanding the world of code. I started searching the most efficient full-stack bootcamps around the world, I did not have any geographical limitation, I just knew I wanted to learn to code as fast as possible. After my research it became clear that Le Wagon was the right choice for me. With their extended network across the whole world you can choose any place in the world and join the community there if you want. What I appreciated the most was the diversity among us, students. We were coming from all kinds of background : among my classmates, for example, there was a nurse as well as a carpenter and a finance analyst. You meet people like you willing to give their best to change their lives and this is something what helps you to keep the motivation and gives you energy to keep going even during those moments when you doubt yourself. If you keep going and each day you put an effort to keep the tempo, no matter your background, you will suceed to code at the end. Le Wagon bootcamp has its reputation well deserved as all aspects of your learning process are well thought-thru and you just need to trust the process. During those 9 weeks of coding you will experience ups and downs but your teachers are always there for you, they understand your struggle and do their best to make your experience worth it. I have nothing to complain about, I am very happy I made this choice to attend Le Wagon and would recommend it to everyone who wants to learn how to code. It is the most professional way how to make it happen.Read Less",le-wagon
"A great environment, well organised lectures and exercises to learn how to code from scratch. No previous coding skills needed at all. I totally recommend it!!",le-wagon
"In 2019 I saw my grandfather died after long suffering from diabetes. To solve that problem we gathered a team of people to create the first automated tool to enable people to live free of chronic diseases, starting with diabetes and we call it Arkangel... Read More AI. We envisioned this solution to be like the Siri of Health, one that you could access it whenever you wanted it or wherever you were by learning from the data collected from existing sensors people had like smartphones. We crafted the business and developed a little Frankenstein using free cloud solutions and tutorials. To our surprise, our prototype exploded and getting more than 9,000 users from 22 countries in the first 2 months. Unfortunately, our founders came from business, medicine and design, so the prototype had many holes and did not perform properly. Additionally, the technical founders we interviewed did not want to bear the risk of leaving their jobs to work with us. We were blocked, so, we decided to bet all and hired a company to work on the app. That was one of the worst decisions we did because we needed to move fast and the contract did not allow for any of this. It was horrible, we had a product 3 months behind and we didn’t know how to update it. Our best solution was that one of the founders learned to code, and after getting the support from my team I took the chance.I interviewed at le wagon 6 days before the batch and finished the prep work in one weekend (not recommended). The experience was remarkable and intense at the same time. I learned how to bring ideas to life, I learned the mechanics and how to talk about software. As an entrepreneur, you think software dev is easy, but it is not, you need to learn to think like one and that is really hard to do on your own. One thing you need to understand is that it requires years to become a ninja dev. and you need to learn more stuff after the Bootcamp, it's impossible to get everything in 2 months. That being said, Le Wagon does an amazing job in cutting the boring stuff to give you only tools you need to build web-apps, and that’s exactly what I wanted. At the end, we built an MVP of Arkangel with an awesome team -Gustaf, Joe and Thomas- and today we have raised $69,000 in non-equity funding and at the end of the year, we will be raising a pre-seed of $350.000 to grow our customer base. I highly recommend this program and if you want to learn more about my experience, contact me (you can watch our demo at Le Wagon Montreal website by searching Arkangel).Read Less",le-wagon
"I started my company right after university. My issue was that I never really liked the field in which I was. Last year, my partner and I decided to make a career change. I had some app ideas but it is really expensive to hire a developer so I began to... Read More learn to code through online platforms such as CodeCademy to try to do it myself. Since it is really difficult to learn by yourself, I decided to join Le Wagon to learn faster and with good practices. It’s crazy what we were able to do in such a small amount of time. We learned all the steps to create a web app. All the teachers are here because they love to help and to teach. We also have a life-access to their platform which is really helpful afterward when you are by our own trying to do your stuff. I recommend Le Wagon bootcamp to anyone who wants to learn to code and wants to make a career change. It was a great experience and I made a lot of good friends!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before le wagon I worked as an engineer and I taught mathematics in high school. I began coding in ruby because I wanted to create a website.This is after 2 months of self learning coding that I joined le wagon. It was a really nice experience. I learned... Read More good practices. It gave me the tools, and confidence of what I can do. I met a lot of amazing people among the students and the business network.After two weeks I was working in Doctolib as a web developer!Read Less",le-wagon
"I would recommend Le Wagon if you're interested in acquiring tangible skills, expanding your network, and/or want to build software products- and are fully invested in learning how to code. Pros: - Kitt, Le Wagon's learning platform, is one of the best... Read More things about the bootcamp: you can redo exercises, test, and refer to lectures and slides. Being able to redo and refer to the platform after the bootcamp &amp; complete additional challenges is incredibly useful._ At the end of the camp, you have two MVPs in your portfolio that you've built in a team of developers &amp; with pair programming; these experiences help whether you are interested in becoming an entrepreneur, working as a freelancer, or gaining a job as a software developer.- Learning with classmates was invaluable. Everyone was fully dedicated, ambitious, and wanted to learn as much as possible- which made us all strive to push ourselves further &amp; help each other out. - The Le Wagon community of alumni is another pro- people all over the world post help, guidance, mentorship &amp; opportunities, which means your network in the tech space expands exponentially by joining. The ability to do the bootcamp all over the world helps draw an incredibly diverse &amp; international community: so many graduates are still active in the community which goes to show how positive the experience was for so many. Cons: - 9 weeks is a short time to learn so much- I wish we had had a few more weeks to learn more content. - Le Wagon was up front that they don't guarantee jobs after the bootcamp- which is a bit of a pro/con. Instead of being placed in a job that might not be a fit, at the end of the bootcamp you do have to find your next job yourself. The teachers/TAs/career coaches were helpful in being realistic and giving guidance for us on where to start the job hunt &amp; what to expect during the process.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to make a career change from Investment Banking to coding after researching and attending multiple workshops and talks. I looked at several providers and chose Le Wagon based on the combination of reputation, price, length of course, diversity... Read More of the cohort, course content, teaching environment and approach but mostly the focus on building a product and developing problem solving skills.The course is fast paced and intensive but the teachers/teaching assistants and Driver (Le Wagon Manager) were always available and approachable to help with any concerns. They always make sure that no one falls behind. It's crazy thinking about how much content we covered in 9 weeks.For someone who didn't have a tech background I found that it all came together in the last 3 weeks of the bootcamp where you build a marketplace in week 7 then weeks 8 - 9 on a product pitched by a member of the course.Why 4 stars? There's always room for improvement and I provided feedback on certain aspects of the course. I'm happy to report that Paal (the Le Wagon Driver) took it on board and has already implemented it for the next course.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I spent 3 years as a business developer in a tech startup. I was so frustrated to not understand the tech team, and kind of shocked about the lack of communication between these two key teams. So I decided to integrate the bootcamp thanks... Read More to many good reviews of former “wagoners”. I definitely recommend it. I was so impressed about the quality of the content and of the team! I was not really the most skilled student, but the teaching skills of the teachers is so strong that I now know how to build a website from scratch (the back-end, the database architecture and the design) as well as notions of product management.Last but not least, I feel like Le wagon never ends, thanks to the strong community you join!Thanks again for this amazing experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"As a former building and civil engineer, Le Wagon enabled me to change career and to join a French growing startup that deals with construction companies because I was then able to understand their tech product from its conception to its daily use by... Read More their clients.Today, as a project manager, I am working on the evolution of our product thanks to the tech skills and knowledge I got at Le Wagon.On top of that, through the bootcamp I lived intense and bonding moments with amazing people that I kept in touch with and that I often see.I strongly recommend Le Wagon to whomever wants to learn to code and to join a rich and truly unique learning experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is so far the best choice I've made. Before this amazing bootcamp, I was part of the investment team of a deep tech VC. I was very frustrated to do not clearly understand many technologies, like software or developer-related tech. During these... Read More intensive but incredible 9 weeks, I learnt how to build a website from scratch (the back-end, the database architecture and the design) as well as few important notions of product management. The program is perfectly structured, allowing you to meet a lot of people from diverse backgrounds. It will now allow me to apply to tech-oriented companies as a developer or even a product manager Trust the process! I strongly recommend it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to learn to code after managing data scientists in my former job. Having an analytical background, I became increasingly frustrated that, whilst I could help them think through problems in the abstract, I could not help with technical problems.... Read More This, combined with the fact I was wanting to switch industries to work in tech and sustainability, made me take the leap and learn to code.I chose Le Wagon after some extensive googling. Three things stood out for me: 1. It emphasised that the bootcamp was not only for people who wanted to become developers, but also for people who would be managing/ working closely with them, 2. It was ‘full-stack’, meaning we learned front-end and back-end programming, 3. It wasn’t too long (in hindsight I wish it was longer!)Le Wagon Barcelona far exceeded my expectations. The quality of teaching and materials is excellent. The curriculum is constantly being updated to make sure students are taught the most relevant information. 9 weeks is short but having come out the other end, I have a solid grounding in Ruby, learned good habits and know where to look to keep developing my skills.The teachers in Barcelona are also fab. As well as creating a fun learning atmosphere, they are incredibly patient and skilled in breaking down concepts so that beginners can easily grasp them.The fact that all of them have gone through the bootcamp themselves means they have first-hand experience of what you are going through.My fellow students made the experience special. We were a diverse bunch - in ages, backgrounds and reasons for learning to code - which meant I learned a lot from everyone. Each day we worked through exercises with a new ‘buddy’. This was a great way of getting to know the whole group and made us progress quickly as it was easy to share tips. Being new to Barcelona, it was also nice to have people to see the city with, whether that was grabbing a pizza and cerveza after class or playing football on a Saturday morning.For anyone who is considering doing Le Wagon Barcelona, as I have been telling my friends/ family/ anyone who will listen, just go for it! It If you want to learn a new skill, change career, meet new people, you won’t regret choosing Le Wagon Barcelona.Read Less",le-wagon
"Bootcamp can be expensive and takes a lot of one's time. The reviews for Le Wagon mostly cover positive sides of the bootcamp thus I would like to address things I would have liked to know before enrolling Le Wagon and some realistic opinion and facts... Read More that could help future boot-campers in deciding which course is the best for them. Firstly, I very much liked the programme overall and believe that it gave me a great foundation, perhaps not very deep but sufficient enough to feel that I can study and practice further to be a junior developer. I would choose Le Wagon again if I go back in time, however in different location. The programme and lecture quality differs greatly depending on the teacher and teaching assistants. There were times where I felt that the assistants do not quickly understand the problems I am facing and thus waiting for teaching assistants to resolve the issues were disappointing, especially given the vast amount of money I have spent. (sometimes you go through multiple teachers to fully understand the same question/issue) Often I felt like a guinea pig for them to become a better teacher, which I do not oppose but only if I did not have to pay hefty amount for the course. However, teachers were very helpful and understanding. They genuinely go and try to help you as much as they can. People you meet from the programme is definitely the strongest selling point for Le Wagon however if you would like to get further help from the school in terms of asking for career assistant or general questions, from my experience it was rather difficult. Get hold of them was very challenging after the bootcamp and it was a common experience I shared with students from my batch. The school does offer lectures that helps for your career especially suggesting career fairs, inviting guests(Recruiters) for career help. Although, we had gotten conflicting opinions on future CV formats and layouts from different guest speakers, it is useful in guiding yourself to land a job after the bootcamp. They will provide an excel sheet of company list that you can knock the doors to get employed. We had issues with less-motivated individuals thus one should understand that this could happen during the bootcamp and try to resolve it in the early stage of the bootcamp thus it does not hinder your learning experience as a whole.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a business background, I always was interested in 'how' the products we would use were built. I was intrigued enough to start learning through online platforms such as Codecademy and freeCodeCamp. After some months of practice, I reached a... Read More plateau and realized I needed help in taking my skills to the next level. I knew of Le Wagon because of their community involvement where I live, so I decided to take the chance and quit my job to dedicate 100% to this new challenge. It turned out to be a great and intensive experience where I learnt million things I never expected to. You have to keep up with the fast pace, but the teachers, the team and the supportive culture make the best of your capacities. On the technical side, you get life-access to their platform with continuous improvement of content and tools. But, also you get to learn soft skills such as presentation, communication and team work. I highly recommend Le Wagon bootcamp to anyone wanting to switch careers into web dev, but also for product management or freelancing. The curriculum is solid, the team is great and super friendly, and the experience is empowering and life-changing. Only tip I can give: do your prep work several times if needed, until you master the concepts. Have fun, take it seriously and commit 100% of your soul, and your life won't be the same afterwards. Sky is the limit!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is the perfect place to go to if you want to change your career path towards tech environment.I'm a former strategy consultant, data-passionate and with an engineering background. I always had this frustration of not being able to code by myself... Read More because I lacked time, it wasn't the focus of my previous jobs or I didn't know from where to start to learn coding.6 months ago, I left my job with the desire to launch my own company in data analytics. I joined last batch of le Wagon from April to June in Paris in order to 1) learn to code, gain tech skills, 2) meet new people and 3) launch my entrepreneur career.1. Learning to code: it's an intensive 9 weeks-program, where every day is a new concept, a new jump within your coding knowledge. In 9 weeks, you'll know exactly how to use Ruby and Rails framework, the backbone of your coding skills. Then, you'll see efficiently every potential feature you could be implementing in a web site (building APIs, mailing, search engine etc.). What makes the program incredible: staff excellence and an exceptional e-learning platform which aggregates learning documents with last best practices you'll keep for life.2. Meeting new people: Le Wagon is an intensive program for each individual. However, you're not alone, 30-40 peers will share same issues with you. Peer-programming and team-programming is also what makes the program so close from company-life conditions. Also, people's background diversity opens up your mind to new ideas or different technology point of views.3. Launching my entrepreneur career: on top of the program, Le Wagon is an extraordinary community of alumni. More than 5,000 alumni from around the world are always here to help other wagoners with their company ideas, career choices or coding issues. I personally found there a great community to discuss with. On tech feasibility of some of my startup ideas or contacts to make your idea grow until it gets done. Finally, I joined a young startup in data analytics from Le Wagon environment. In few words, Le Wagon is the best choice I could make for my entrepreneur career. If you're passionate about tech, don't hesitate, it worths the investment in time and money.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm currently in my last year of my studies, mediatechnology. During this studies we are trained to prototype and idea into a design and then make a Minimal vialble product of this idea. During my studies i learned a lot of different programming languages... Read More but never really got a real expert profound knowladge of the programming language. I'm currently in my last year of my studies, media-technology. During this study we are trained to prototype and idea into a design and then make a Minimal viable product of this idea. During my studies I learned a lot of different programming languages but never really got a profound knowledge of the programming language. For my bachelor thesis I have to build an MVP for a company. To be more confident in programming I decided to take the Le Wagon bootcamp to improve and be more consistent in my programming.I started the course quite confident as I already had some programming knowledge and was overwhelmed with the fast pace of the bootcamp. Event with my knowledge the bootcamp was really challenging. I never learned so much in a day, let stand in nine weeks!Because of the pair programming you learn how to explain your code to people and you learn to ask for help if you do not know how to solve the problem. During the bootcamp you learn all the basics and also learn how to write clean and good code. This is something I haven’t learned during my studies and is something companies really like to see. I can recommend this course to anybody who wants to start a career as a developer or wants to know what is takes to become a developer.Even if you have some programming knowledge this bootcamp will help you with working in teams, developing a design and pushing it to the market. It is also great course for people who want to build a software product and build their own start-up.Read Less",le-wagon
I’m very happy I attended Le Wagon Tel Aviv! It was an intense 9 weeks but I was able to learn so much in such a short amount of time! My classmates were awesome to learn with and the instructors were great and super helpful! I enjoyed walking into the... Read More office every day!Read Less,le-wagon
"When I decided to do a bootcamp I carefully researched all the options available in my area, read the reviews in multiple channels, visited and interviewed all of them face to face. I was initially very suspicious about the lack of negative reviews for... Read More Le Wagon. Their review rate was too high and it all seemed too good to be true. Now, one month after the end of the bootcamp, I have to admit that there isn’t much that I can say about it that has not been already said. All those reviews were real: the experience is truly amazing. Here are some things that stand out for me: One of the high points of LW is, in my opinion, the didactic material. As someone with qualification and experience in teaching and in creating/analyzing didactic material, I was impressed by Le Wagon’s methodology and by the quality and variety of materials. The work and the program is hard and very intense, but the days are very dynamic and divided into lessons and exercises. We had a lot of support from teachers and assistants along the day. Also from classmates, because the atmosphere is really good and people are encouraged to help each other. The buddy system they use makes a lot of difference on the study flow. Another great thing is the community. This is something that I did not considered important in the beginning and that turned out to be extremely valuable. There are many slack channels for Le Wagon alumni and so many people who are there to help you debug your code, find a job, solve doubts and provide input about anything related to coding. Le Wagon also offers one to one support preparing your CV, finding a job, connecting to people, etc. The teachers and assistants also treat you as an equal, and made themselves available for us to contact them off hours and after the bootcamp for anything we needed, which I thought was something special. Also, former students are always welcome to visit the office and take part on activities, so you get to not only keep in touch with your classmates but also to meet former students, learn from their experiences and grow your network. I wish I could end this review without falling into this cliche, but there is no other way of describing Le Wagon’s community if not as a family.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before the bootcamp I was working as a Client Support Specialist at a financial company in New York City. I worked with many developers to get their machines up and running but was never one to code. After taking the bootcamp in Bali, it really made me... Read More feel like I can take on any task possible. You go from not knowing a single line of code to building a full working web application in just 9 weeks. Le Wagon gives you all the skills, network and support you need to make a pivot in your career and focus on what’s best for you !Read Less",le-wagon
"I really like the setup of the course, the people and instructors! Everyone was great! The moment I entered the office every day, everyone was happy, in a good mood, motivating and funny! I loved to come here everyday and I really gonna miss this! really... Read More had the best time here in Tel Aviv with Le Wagon. Although it was very intense, it made a lot of fun to learn coding, solve challenges with the buddies and to be together as a group! Time flew during the bootcamp, which is always a good sign that it must have been a great time! I loved it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Amazing Web development course in 9 weeks, Ruby on Rails, CSS, HTML and javascript, based on practice and learning in groups. 2 final projects in groups simulating real life work experience! Highly recommended",le-wagon
"I attended the LW coding bootcamp (batch #209 in Tel-Aviv) and can honestly say that deciding to do LW was the best decision I made in 2018. If you're interested in problem solving or are a very visual person like myself, you'll love this coding bootcamp.... Read More It provides both in abundance. My main reason for doing the bootcamp and giving up my job was because I wanted more of a hard skill to complement my soft-skills. I am very happy that I did in Tel-Aviv. The people running the show there are fantastic. They really cared about our development and put in a lot of extra efforts to make us get the most out of it. In addition, the country is worth visiting, which you'll have time for during the weekends. Overall, I would highly recommend what I did to anyone else (at least if you're doing it for the right reasons -&gt; interest, like doing something technical, and willing to solve problems)Read Less",le-wagon
"""An amazing experience that opened me to a new world and showed me how much i love coding. amazing people and staff. My favorite parts were the daily challenges, CRUD and MVC, CSS and the 2-day projects""",le-wagon
Learning the coding fundementals and the full understanding of a full stack programming. Tel Aviv staff is a really good team. Really happy about them!,le-wagon
My experience at Le Wagon was amazing. I learn a lot and i will recommend it. The staff was very good! Always here for help and it was a pleasure to did Le Wagon at Tel Aviv. To learn with buddy. It was interesting to learn with someone and not a teacher... Read More directly when i couldn't solve exercise.Read Less,le-wagon
"After researching many coding bootcamps and following workshops, I decided to enroll in the Le Wagon bootcamp. The 9-week program is challenging, intensive and a lot of fun. You really gain a solid kickstart that is needed to continue coding and start... Read More a tech career. The worldwide Le Wagon community is very strong and active and this really motivates and helps after the bootcamp, whether you are aiming to work freelance, land a job or start your own company.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 4 years as a Marketing and Communication Manager for a group specialized in Arts and Crafts, I wanted to fully embrace the digital side that I had experienced in my previous job by going into the tech industry for my next move. I applied to several... Read More big tech companies and despite good feedbacks, my lack of experience in this field was always my Achilles’ heel. As I had already heard about Le Wagon bootcamp and was tempted by it, this was the last and ultimate reason that pushed me to follow this track and I have zero regret about it. The fantastic pedagogic track of Le Wagon gave me the knowledge, the experience and the network to apply for Product Owner / Manager positions afterwards. Working on concrete cases, learning by doing, with a group of 40 marvelous people and staff was an amazing experience that has been concluded two weeks after the end of the bootcamp with a promise of employment by a big promising tech company.I could not recommend more Le Wagon bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to learn coding because web apps are now everywhere and in every sector, from the simple food delivery app to the army simulators. My initial project was to develop skills in web development after 3 years in 3D realtime infographics specialised... Read More in VR and in Augmented Reality because coding would be a great addition to my skills. But the reality of the working world forced me to speed up this project. I chose Le Wagon because I had got great feedbacks from my brother who had previously done the bootcamp in Shanghai, but also because of their teaching methodology and their well-known reputation both inside the French tech ecosystem and on the international level thanks to all their foreign campuses.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon fullstack bootcamp in Paris, from january to march 2019. Before that, I've always been in an IT environment. I mainly worked as a digital transformation consultant for energy and banking companies, and even if I did not have a technical... Read More role, I had the frustration of : - not being able to challenge some deadlines or have a better opinion about the technical feasability of a transformation project,- use web apps every day and not being able to understand how it really works,- being 100% dependent of someone with a technical background if I wanted to materialize an idea.That's why I always wanted to learn about coding. I tried on internet by myself at first, but it was too theoretical and I needed a ""learning frame"". So I made inquiries and heard about bootcamps. I found out that some former colleagues attended Le Wagon, I spoke witht hem about their learning experience there, and I then was convinced that it was what I needed to do.And the least I can say is that I don't regret it. In 9 weeks, I wasn't bored 1 minute, everything we learned was concrete and practical, and I trully appreaciated to see all the blocks of knowledge interlock to be able to create web apps.The teachers &amp; teachers assistants pedagogy was perfect, the exercices to do in pairs was an excellent learning trick, and the last 1/3 of the bootcamp where we had to develop apps in groups of 4 made my brain boiling (positively). And the last but not least ingredient to this 5 stars rating, was the atmosphere during the bootcamp. It was awesome for 2 reasons :- the Le Wagon crew was very welcoming, and always did their best to create these great atmosphere with many side events and a positive culture,- the other students and alumnis I met, with very diverse backgrounds and ages, but the same strong motivation to learn, was a deep breath of fresh air to me.If you're willing to learn coding in few weeks, I strongly recommand this bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"After many years of studying and of ‘alternance’ work during my studies in Digital Marketing, it became clear that knowing how to code was vital if I wanted to evolve in this sector. Le Wagon is a school that was recommended to me by several colleagues,... Read More one of whom went into the bootcamp as a working professional and another as an SEO expert. Compared to all the courses I have completed throughout my studies, I have never learned so much in so little time. It was very demanding, especially at the beginning but you quickly learn to adapt and get into the rhythm of things. At the end of the course, I came out with real hard skills. It’s a course that forces you to learn and work together with other students by constantly helping each other.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon Tokyo Full Stack Coding bootcamp from April to June 2019. Overall experience I had was far beyond my expectation. In Tokyo, there are only two Full Stack Coding bootcamp programs provided in English (as far as I could find), and Le... Read More Wagon in one of them. As my goal is to work as a software engineer in multinational companies, I was looking for a coding bootcamp where I could learn coding in English, and I found Le Wagon. In my batch, we had 16 students from 12 countries. Only two Japanese including myself. It was truly international environment. Overall curriculum is very well structured. Lecturers / TAs are energetic and very supportive. I rarely got bored during the lectures. Coding challenges are carefully designed. It starts from easy one and gets more difficult. To solve the difficult one, I had to google by myself to get more info or ask proper questions to my TA. It helped improve my search skills and skills to ask proper questions (which would be very important skills at the actual work place). Group projects helped improve my ability to collaborate with others. This is something I could not have learnt by myself if I hadn’t taken this program. Before taking this bootcamp, I did some self-learning with online coding site and books, but the level of understanding was much shallower. Through this bootcamp, I was able to gain a strong confidence in coding. This program requires full commitment. Each day starts at 9am and finishes at 6:30 - 7pm. To catch up with the curriculum, I had to spend 1 - 2 extra hours at home each night. It was not easy 9 weeks for me, but the reward was great. I would highly recommend this program if you really want to learn coding and build something by yourself.Read Less",le-wagon
"In 2018 I started my gap year, enjoying the fact that I had the chance to be self-sufficient as I pursued anything I wanted to do. Even before joining Le Wagon, I had taken an interest in the idea of coding, asking what few people I knew with experience... Read More to guide me where they could to a starting point. But coding very quickly seemed inaccessible. Everyone I knew was already part of that world, and whilst each friend had a different way of getting into it, I felt as if none of these were options in my situation. I saw coding courses advertised, but didn’t like the idea of going back to a school system so soon after leaving it, until I was told about Le Wagon. Coming into the offices to speak to Alex felt easy, and his explanation convinced me to sign up and start saving. This for me was the best part of the bootcamp; you are immediately put at ease by the friendliness of the teachers, who explain things clearly and patiently, and more importantly never treat you as just a student. I needed the community atmosphere at Le Wagon as this was the first time I felt able to “be a part of” the coding world, and it gave me a greater drive to learn more. The course was intense for sure, but I never felt like it was a burden to come in, so for me it became very easy to lock in and focus on learning. The course itself is amazing, as every day you are exposed to new ideas, and then given the rest of the day to test them out, and learn about them yourself. If they were particularly challenging, there was always someone on hand to help you one-to-one, be it another student or one of the TA’s, so you never felt stuck at your desk, completely at a loss.The ability to work for two weeks on an idea you have is equally incredible. We were given full support from all the TA’s to help flesh out our design, and refining it to make a working, beautiful website. It struck me every day of the project weeks how strange it was that just a month before, it was hard to remember even the names of all the coding languages. On this course you are given a great opportunity to be welcomed into a world that can seem daunting, whilst they provide the learning materials and proper community needed to push on from the last day, and continue your progression from wherever you started, to becoming a full fledged coding god. It is an experience I won’t forget, and one I’d recommend to anyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"Sometimes educational experiences do not live up to their expectations. The 9 week fullstack programme at Le Wagon felt like the complete opposite for me, it was an amazing experience that far surpassed any expectations I had set for it. After having... Read More studied Business Entrepreneurship for a year and a half, I continuously kept hitting the same barrier: not being able to build &amp; properly understand digital products. With the global trend of digital transition for all businesses, knowing how to code isn't just a valuable skill anymore, it's a mandatory skill. My biggest question was - where do I actually start? I had tried Udemy, Codeacademy, and countless youtube tutorials to get an understanding of basic HTML/CSS/JS, but I could never take it any further than being able to code basic landing pages. The bootcamp at Le Wagon was the perfect programme to take a deeper (but crucially: guided) dive, and to properly learn the basics of programming in 9 weeks. If you have a desire to learn how to code, but don't quite have the independence to do it all yourself, Le Wagon is a perfect environment help you start your journey. The pace of the course is fast, but the steep learning curve is brilliantly supported. The combination of very high quality lectures from industry professionals, to multiple exciting and challenging coding challenges everyday ensures that my experience of the 9 weeks was nothing short of life changing! The lecturers, TA's and all the other staff were wonderful to work with, and everyone is commited to making sure you learn as efficiently as your brain can manage. Though you won't be an expert developer at the end of a 9 week bootcamp, Le Wagon teaches you crucial knowledge and techniques to kick of your journey as a developer. By teaching us Ruby on Rails, CSS, HTML, ES6, Ruby, MVC, OOP, DB structures &amp; sql (postgreSQL), I feel like I have a solid foundation on which to continue learning. Crucially, I now have all the right tools (and mindset) to learn new languages/frameworks which pique my interest. The last project weeks allow you to build and deploy a real webapp, and discover what it's like to collaborate in a development team (using Github &amp; proper tools to assign work/tasks/user stories). This is a perfect taster &amp; preparation for starting a career as a junior developer, or stepping into product management (with a strong foundation in technical knowledge). All in all, a 9 week bootcamp has given me knowledge, tools, understanding and a very strong foundation from which to continue learning. Perhaps even more importantly, it's given me access to the incredible Le Wagon network. A worldwide community of everything from developers to product managers to artists willing to collaborate, foster new connections, introduce you to companies, teach you, etc.If I had to take the decision again, I would choose for Le Wagon every time.Read Less",le-wagon
"Previously I worked in foreign exchange trading for 20 years for various banks and decided it was time to take a career break to reassess my next step. Finance has been becoming more and more technology oriented, and the writing was on the wall. I took... Read More the opportunity to attend Le Wagon Bali to up skill for the future from a career perspective, and at the same time arm myself with the ability to set my own future path.The course definitely met my expectations. The learning system is well structured and the online system is great, with lifetime access to all the resources of the course available to alumni. It is an intense course, which pushes you to continually challenge yourself to your limits, which is the best way to learn. The focus is on practical coding, working with others and in teams, as well as live coding exercises, and project work. Above all, we were in Bali, which meant that not only was it an awesome location, but everyone who attended that course were extremely motivated people who made that extra effort to be there and wanted to make a real change to their lives. This, I would argue made it a much better experience, as you were working with, and had the encouragement of very driven people. We definitely worked hard and played hard. Last but not least, the management team and the tutoring team made it all the more a great experience.I would definitely recommend this course for anyone who is interested in coding or has some experience. Forget the online courses as nothing can replace real hands on coding experience in a taught classroom environment. Your learning is accelerated and you will learn a lot more advanced concepts all within 9 weeks. By the time you finish you will be able to code your own startup MVP.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello, everyone, I’m Diego Ulibarri a 19-year-old Mexican student that went to Le Wagon Montreal and I would like to share my experience.I would like to start telling you why I choose Le Wagon Montreal, Before enter Le Wagon I was studying Industrial... Read More Engineering in a University in Mexico I really didn’t enjoy the subjects I was seeing in the school so I left, in the meantime when I was trying to decide what I was going to do with my life my mom told me about Le Wagon a intensive programming boot camp, I really like the idea so I start searching all the options before deciding, and the reason of why I choose Le Wagon is for all the places it offers to take the boot camp and for the reviews of the people.I know that an intensive programming boot camp can sound scary and for me it was the same, when I arrive Montreal I was an 18-year-old boy who traveled alone to a country that I did not know for the first time where they speak French, which I do not speak (although the course in Montréal was in EN). I’m not going to lie: at the beginning it was hard you have to go to the boot camp for approximately 10 hours a day, and at the end of the day, your brain hearts a lot because of all the information you learn that day. But I can say is all worth it, and after the first week, you get used to the routine. So I can say that my experience in Le Wagon was amazing, on the one hand, you learn a lot of programming in a very small period of time, and on the other you know a lot of people with different background, ages and opinions, so I will highly recommend entering Le Wagon the experience is unforgettable.Read Less",le-wagon
"After my school closing my software engineering program in the middle of the semester, I was left scrambling for what i should do next. I could apply to more schools and take an extra year to graduate, while repeating much of the same material, OR I could... Read More take advantage of knowing something about software and design, and take advantage of the time I suddenly had free, and join a coding bootcamp.I picked Le Wagon for a few reasons. They have great campus locations around the world, so I could pick the one closest to me. They offer a well rounded curriculum within a fair time frame of nine-weeks, making sure students are at least introduced to the topics employers are actively looking for. They advertised their alumni network, and with over 5000 alumni, you can be sure to always have a place to ask questions and make connections. After the bootcamp, they offered help with getting your first developer job, with resources at hand to help you have the best CV and the skills to write a killer cover letter.They can do all this, at a fair price point that makes my idea to go back to school seem almost laughable. But are the companies hiring on board? Actually yes! They even had a career day and introduced Students to companies in the area, letting us see what employers expected from bootcamp graduates. We could immediately judge just how much progress we can make in 9 weeks and how ready we were to start a career in web development.If you are able to work hard to achieve your goals, and aren't afraid to end up dreaming in Ruby, then I strongly suggest you consider Le Wagon. They will provide you with not only the comprehensive skillset of a professional developer, but also with a community and a network of passionate people, and memories to last.Read Less",le-wagon
"Strong teachings skills.Perfect platform for exercises, courses, project and follow up. Great environment., very welcoming and kindly. Amazing network. Free ReactJS online course with a great teacher.",le-wagon
"Working as a Head of Distribution for Villa-Finder, my role was divided into different responsibilities amongst which some account management for our top villa owners, villa “hunting” and helping the company transform its business model.I had always been... Read More curious to “what was behind the scenes” and mostly I had many ideas of websites/apps that I couldn’t launch myself. I had no clue what to do and was very frustrated with my lack of knowledge!With my final project, Le Wagon helped me bring an idea I had a few years ago to reality! And I am continuing it now!! It helped understand and build web apps beyond the “simple” HTML &amp; CSS I had already approached. Doing Le Wagon has also helped me in shifting my lifestyle with more freelance opportunities.Read Less",le-wagon
"I can highly recommend the Le Wagon full-stack 9-week bootcamp to anyone interested in or just curious about coding. I joined the bootcamp in April 2019 in Bali and was pleasantly surprised by the diversity of the student body as well as the content of... Read More the camp. I joined LeWagon after I had difficulties communicating with developer teams and wanted to close the communication-gap. After the programme I am surprised how much I love coding myself and that I will definitely continue down this career-path.Over the course of 9 weeks you will learn the entire skillset of Ruby, Ruby on Rails, SQL, HTML, and CSS which enables you to build a fully functioning web-application for your end-project. The student-teacher ratio is superb and the teachers do an amazing job in guiding you through the vast material every step of the way. It is definitely a demanding course that will be difficult at times but it is absolutely worth it! I surprised myself with how much I can learn in such a short time-frame and want to encourage anyone and everyone to join LeWagon and enrich your personal skillset.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a background in Outdoors Intervention and being an outdoor guide, which might be the complete opposite of computer programming. However, I wanted to change career and keep the outdoors for my leisure time, and learn the problem-solving world of... Read More coding. I hesitated for several months to register for Le Wagon Montréal’s Bootcamp, only because of the price, which is why I took online web development courses before deciding.In the end, I decided I really liked coding and would get a lot out of this intensive Bootcamp. A big aspect that attracted me to it was the intensity and efficiency of the learning process; and it did not disappoint. The curriculum, to me, is the Bootcamp’s greatest strength, and it’s built perfectly so that every day, you keep learning and practicing new material, and you learn in 9 weeks what would otherwise take a lot more time and motivation.I love their hands-on approach, where you attend a lecture in the morning, but then get to practice and actually code yourself to assimilate all of the material; it’s the best way to learn for me and, I believe, for many people.The personal experience is also great. It’s really fun to live this intensive course with a small group of 26 people; we built nice friendships and got to work together in teams on challenges and bigger projects. There are many events we can attend, where we can get to know everyone from our batch, but also alumni from previous batches, and many entrepreneurs or developers who come to share their knowledge and experience.My final project was a plant-based cooking recipes website with many features, and I built it with my 3 teammates during 2 weeks. It was perfect to learn the whole product creation from scratch and work with a team, organize our schedule and tasks, use git and Github…In the end, I found a job right after the Bootcamp (the first Monday after the course!) and am currently working as a web developer, to continue my learning!I definitely recommend this Bootcamp to anyone who wants to learn to code from scratch, or has a little experience but wants to go further and learn faster than on their own or at a public program. But be prepared to give it your all and challenge yourself for 9 awesome weeks!Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a non-tech background, I tried learning coding by myself before Le Wagon, but I wasn't really successful. Le Wagon gave me the right tools, exercices and challenges in order to learn web development. Plus, it was also a really fun experience and... Read More gave me the chance to meet people from all backgrounds. The project we developed during the last 2 weeks was really intense and gave me some real insights on how to build a web app from A to Z. It's really amazing to look back and see all I have accomplished in only 9 weeks.Read Less",le-wagon
"Over the past two years, three friends had separately recommended Le Wagon to me. Even though I was about to start a career in finance two years out from university, I felt that doing the bootcamp would be a worthwhile way to spend my final few months... Read More for two main reasons. First, I enjoyed maths at school but read history at university, and so was keen to return to a classroom where I would be taught something quantitative. Second, every business is slowly becoming (more of) a tech business and so I figured taking the time to develop a proper understanding of tech would be a smart career move, regardless of where I ultimately end up. The course did not disappoint. I have never learned as much as I did in those first six weeks, in which we covered a handful of languages and the basics of web development. It’s clear that Le Wagon team have spent a lot of time figuring out the optimal way to teach people how to code, whether it was the engaging morning lectures or the afternoons spent working through challenges in pairs with ample teaching assistance on hand in case we got stuck. The final few weeks were very different but no less rewarding. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience of working in a team of four to build a prototype of a social gambling app with people from a range of countries and ages - 18 to 38 in our case. All in all, I cannot recommend this programme enough.Read Less",le-wagon
"While working in the digital sphere for a few years as a project/product manager, I fell in love with what developers could do. However, I did not feel confident enough to learn how to code by myself.After a few tries at online tutorials on Udemy or Treehouse,... Read More I was starting to understand what the reality of the developers on my team was and it got me even more interested in the subject. I decided to take the leap of faith and signed up for Le Wagon Montreal.It was a great decision and an amazing experience. I dedicated, of course, a lot of hours to it, sometimes 12-14 hours a day, even weekends but I never felt like it was a chore or I was left behind. The way you learn and the way they teach make you progress every day. You gain so many soft skills with the buddy system and hard skills through the learning platform over the course of the experience that, even though you are indeed a junior when you graduate, you are already a very sought after profile for companies.I highly recommend Le Wagon bootcamp but I would also advise new students to make sure they did the prep work beforehand and also that they are committed to investing themselves in the experience. It's a guaranteed return on investment if they do so!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was really a challenging and fulfilling experience for me. I had to use parts of my brain i had never used before especially as i was coming from an accounting background with no computer science knowledge. The topics and syllabus were well thought... Read More out. The daily challenges were really as the name implies very challenging, but after cracking it i get extremely proud of myself. I was of course not left alone to tackle all the challenges on my own, the teachers and teaching assistants were available to guide throughout the process. At the end I and my teammates created a project we were totally so proud of and this would never have being possible without the excellent foundation we all got from Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am an entrepreneur with an engineering background, but although I've always been interested by the work done by our developers, I was never really on the technical side of the business. I worked on multiple tech and non-tech startups before Le Wagon... Read More and after a couple years in an E-commerce startup, I knew that I wanted to come back to something more technical.I had a basic knowledge of programmation from school and pet projects, but I never actually built software. I always wanted to learn to code properly but never got around to actually doing it (went through one or two short-lived attempts). I was familiar with the basic concepts of programmation (variables, if statements, for loops, etc.) and I could even tweak some simple lines of PHP code from our WordPress websites, but I had no clue as to how to actually build a software application when I decided to join Le Wagon.I love maths, science, and already had a solid engineering background, some basic notions of coding + HTML/CSS, so I was wondering how much I would actually end up learning from the bootcamp, since it was designed for people with absolutely no experience in mind. I can happily say that the curriculum, pace and experience were absolutely perfect for me. I was impressed at how the curriculum could cater for such a wide range of profiles and backgrounds. The optional exercises proved to be challenging, but also fun and instructive. The structure and flow of the lectures made so much sense, and the teachers were so focused and clear that I would easily fool myself into thinking that I had mastered the subject from that lecture alone... But thankfully the daily challenges would actually bring me back to reality while helping me cement the very dense knowledge that is being teached throughout the 9-weeks program.The curriculum seemed to be very up-to-date (we were notified of recent changes in the curriculum to adapt to the most recent realities of the programming world) and extremely sharp. The density of the content is quite impressive, but again, it makes so much sense that by the last third of the program, everything was falling right into place.The instructors were extremely friendly and competent, and I was impressed by their dedication and involvement in making sure that everyone could follow and make the most of the program.I wasn't looking for a job per say, but there was lots of advice regarding the best ways to put yourself out there to find a job, the program was built around projects which could be used to build a portfolio (the teachers were also remotely providing assistance to help us build said portfolio to showcase our work after the bootcamp). They also opened their address book and arranged meetings with companies, recruiters, etc. during the program.I feel extremely empowered with my new acquired skills and I can't recommend Le Wagon enough, to complete beginners as well as engineers who have only basic knowledge of programmation from school and who want to learn how to build and deploy and full-fledged web application. Even if you are capable of learning coding on your own, the program structure and tools at your disposal at Le Wagon makes it incredibly more efficient, fun and gratifying.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from a study in the environmental and health care sector, I had a hard time finding a job vacancy that made me really excited, most of them lacked a certain practical aspect to it. Then luckily I got to know about coding bootcamps! With... Read More no prior coding experience, I started practicing a little to see how I enjoyed coding and if this was something that I could see myself doing for the years to come. Guess what! I did enjoy it, a lot! After doing research about learning to code and the various coding bootcamps that one can apply for I had 2 options: learning to code by myself or join a fast paced bootcamp program. This choice was not a hard one as I enjoy learning in a group with other people and having a teacher that you can ask questions when you get stuck or when a concept is not fully understood yet. Now then, a coding bootcamp it is, but which one? I've went to various bootcamps to talk about their program, teachers and support during and after the bootcamp and Le Wagon was the one that really stood out. I had a great talk with the hosts from Le Wagon Amsterdam, who took the time to answer all my questions, gave additional information and showed me the platform that the students work with during the bootcamp. An aspect that I also really valued was that both the hosts had done the bootcamp themselves and actually knew what it is like doing such an intensive program, instead of having a talk with a sales/admission person at the other programs I visited. So in the end, the choice was fairly simple, I got the best feeling with Le Wagon so I applied for it.Then the preparation started and after reading many reviews/experiences/tips/tricks, one can't help but thinking: 'uff, this sounds though! Am I able to actually do this?'. To be honest, don't get scared off by everything you read. Yes you make long days. Yes you'll get to process a whole lot of information that feels overwhelming. Yes you'll get frustrated when things don't work and you've got no clue why. But this whole process is so much fun and you'll get plenty of help from the teachers and your co students that keeps you motivated to keep on going and have a great time learning new things! I'm not going into details about the program itself, it really speaks for itself. I do want to highlight the experienced teachers and TA's at Le Wagon, we got a new lead teacher for each new subject that lasted for 1/2 weeks, and all of them were able to clearly explain the topics of they taught and help with the exercises throughout the days. I personally really liked this switching of lead teachers, because you got to see some differences in thinking, workflow and extra information as each teacher had its own area of expertise that they also happily wanted to tell you about if you were interested. One last thing that makes Le Wagon really special is their active community. During the bootcamp itself you already get a glimpse of its power, people are willing to help each other with coding related questions, job vacancies, freelance offers, resources and what not! I was extremely lucky as today I had my first workday as a developer at a company where the the lead developer is someone who finished Le Wagon's bootcamp a couple of years ago and was looking for some extra help. Also this opportunity was only possible because of the active and supporting community that Le Wagon has created throughout the years.To summarise, if you like coding, willing to put in the hours and are ready for a jumpstart into a new career, Le Wagon is very likely your best bet!Read Less",le-wagon
"After having been a product manager in the Luxury Goods sector for more than 3 years and therefore making my mark in a well-structured world, I was curious to discover new horizons and I joined Le Wagon to learn how to code and integrate digital in my... Read More next job. Just out of batch #246 in Bordeaux, I can say that I found what I was looking for: a really adapted pedagogy (1h30 of classes in the morning and exercises in pairs all the rest of the day); an over-vitaminated atmosphere thanks to an ultra dedicated team and a class of students who are very motivated to learn and help each other; a real achievement with the creation of our collaborative platform project with 8 arms and in just 2 weeks. If like me you are interested in the world of technology without ever having set foot in it, I advise you to take a look here: https://www.lewagon.com/fr/bordeaux or even on social networks (facebook, instagram, twitter, linkedin --&gt; they have everything you need) or contact the alumni network!Read Less",le-wagon
"I've been trying to learn coding on my own for years to no avail - picking up apps like Codecademy, Sololearn, Grasshopper (and others long forgotten), some books, videos on youtube... No matter the tool, I always ended up just doing the exercises without... Read More really understanding what they were for, or how could I make use of this in a concrete application... or what a concrete application would even be!So one day I found myself talking with my family and listing what I felt I needed to really learn to code: lessons/theory on the key concepts with concrete examples exercises that reinforce what I've learnt a teacher whom to ask for help when a concept is not clear or I am stuck with an exercise a stable and consistent period of time to learn (not like first day 1 hour, next day 30 minutes, then 10...)After some hesitation (mainly the price commitment) I joined Le Wagon Tokyo and was pleasantly surprised to see, that not only did they deliver in every single point I felt I needed, but they even brought something more: buddy system - getting paired every day with a different classmate teaches you how to better understand what you are doing by explaining it to someone else (plus you get to know your classmates) a great lesson flow - each lesson seamlessly connects to the following one like expanding branches. Every main topic is a major branch and when you get to the final weeks all these branches are connected in a clear tree. And you see how even that one weird lessons from week 2 that you didn't quite get the importance is a game changer when building projects! project building - doing exercises is fun and games, but at the end of the day a programmer is here to build apps. Having the last 3 weeks focused solely on building working apps not only gave us a better understanding of what programming really is and the obstacles we will face, but also allowed us to create a portfolio. project preparation and delivery - despite being a coding bootcamp, they didn't overlook the importance of planning/preparing a project (thinking out the core user journey, preparing tentative art) and teaching us how to pitch it in front of an audienceOverall the experience and the curriculum were fantastic, and I have started recommending to my friends, especially those who believe that they don't have what it takes (maths, logical thinking) to learn programming.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon in April 2019 and was lucky enough to be part of the fantastic #batch240. I took a chance in leaving my job of six years and embarking on a new career path whilst in my mid 30s and, whilst tentative at the time, I can now say it was... Read More one of the best decisions I have ever made and one of the best experiences .First of all the course itself is very well planned out - there is an hour and a half lecture in the morning before taking on challenges during the day with a ""buddy""(I partnered with most people on the course by the end) before finally a live code session to go through one of the challenges.The course teaches mainly Ruby but also all of the key frontend languages too, databases and much more and by the end I was able to create my very own project - two of them in fact! The final project was a music game which was really cool to work on and then demo in front of over 100 people at Google Campus on the final day.The teaching assistants are also very patient and very knowledgable and were all students at Le Wagon at some point.Whilst on the course I met lots of like minded people all there to learn how to code. I was out every Friday night - a lot of them organised by Le Wagon - with my course mates and it was a great way to get to know everyone and were also a lot of fun. It is a great way to wind down after an intense week of coding!If you have an interest in coding and are willing to learn then this is the place you want to do it - you will also receive ongoing cv and job support during and after the course. Watch the demo day videos on You Tube and see for yourself what you will be able to code after just nine weeks. If you are still on the fence about Le Wagon I would say just go for it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been working as a Business Analyst for the past 5-6 years, during which I always had to work with developers. I always found it somewhat frustrating when I was not able to fully understand the technical terms when trying to translate business requirements... Read More to the tech teams. During my years as a Business Analyst, I managed to self-taught basic SQL and database structures, but I wanted to learn more than that. Coming from a non-technical background myself, I always found that people with coding/ maths background tend to have a different approach to problem solving, which is a skill extremely useful no matter which industry/sector you work at.So, after attending talks and open days organised by several coding bootcamps, I decided to enrol in Le Wagon in London (batch#240) because its curriculum is designed not just for acquiring the technical skills for recruitment purpose, but also more about personal development. I particularly enjoy the last 3 weeks of the course, where we worked as a team to create a MVP for our apps/ websites. I learned during the project weeks that you can only learn and fully understand the concepts by applying them into practices. It really pushes you out there to apply the concepts you learnt as well as to present your ideas in front of others. The teacher assistants have all been extremely helpful and patient in explaining complicated coding concepts to us. Also, after the bootcamp, you will become a member of the Le Wagon international network of over 5000 alumnis across the globe, with people who are constantly sharing the latest news and knowledges every day on slack channels. Le Wagon also provides the most updated tools and course materials to its students even post bootcamp, so I can always refer back to the course work and redo the challenges/ revise on concepts. I am glad that I took the leap to attend the bootcamp at Le Wagon. After attending the bootcamp, I learnt that coding is a never ending learning process, and with the support that I had been given during and post bootcamp, I feel much more confident and motivated in continuing on my coding journey.Read Less",le-wagon
"Former Wagon student at the Batch # 246 in Bordeaux, I was very interested in https://www.lewagon.com as part of a professional reconversion. I started several courses and I had the chance to close this transition by Le Wagon, so I have some elements... Read More of comparison.The training, very intensive, is really well thought out, the staff is very competent, in addition to being really nice and benevolent, and at the end there is no apprehension to dive into the code, we know that we won't sink. The technical skill is present and beyond that, the ability to learn, to question and to challenge ourselves is very strongly sharpened. And this is also what allows a recruiter to have more confidence in a Wagon's student.The student profiles are also very varied and very interesting. It's even one of the main strenghts of Le Wagon. The network of alumni, through the many opportunities it can bring, is a really differentiating factor.In just two months Le Wagon simply brings a wealth of knowledge, and more opportunities than any other organization could offer, making this training one of the best investments you can make.If you like to challenge yourself, want to change your life or get skills that could help you in your daily life, both pro and personal (yes it is), then clearly there is no hesitation, between all available bootcamps Le Wagon is clearly a no brainer.Read Less",le-wagon
"Très vite on se sent à l’aise avec l’ambiance et grâce au staff du wagon, toujours très souriants et présents. J’ai choisi d’entreprendre ma formation de développeur web avec le Wagon de par son programme intense et complet mais aussi de par sa pédagogie... Read More d’excellence dont j’avais entendu ultérieurement. La formation est très enrichissante, bien que difficile, mais elle permet très rapidement d’acquérir de solides connaissances. Tout au long du batch, les professeurs et les T.A sont présents, et prennent vraiment le temps de nous expliquer les différents concepts. La pédagogie est vraiment au TOP !Durant ces deux mois, nous apprenons aussi à travailler en binôme et en équipe. Ce qui pour moi est primordial, car c’est l’essence même du métier de développeur : le partage et le co-working.Durant le batch, de nombreuses activités en dehors des heures de cours sont proposées afin de développer la cohésion d’équipe mais aussi de créer des affinités.Je suis très fière d’avoir fait partie de mon batch 246 de Bordeaux, et je le recommande sans hésitation à tous ceux qui souhaiteront acquérir de nombreuses connaissances en peu de temps. C’est pour moi la meilleure formation de développeur web à l’heure actuelle !Je vous invite à visiter le site du wagon : https://www.lewagon.com/fr pour avoir plus de renseignements.L’objectif du fin de batch est de créer une application web en équipe, là nous réalisons toutes les notions acquises au cours de ces deux mois, quel sentiment de fierté.Mot de la fin : le wagon est le meilleur bootcamp au monde depuis plusieurs années et je ne suis pas étonnée : super pédagogie, super endroit, super ambiance … Que demander de plus ? Foncez si vous hésitez encore. - Justine Muguet - Batch 246 - BordeauxRead Less",le-wagon
"I’m not the type of person that writes review’s, but I want to share my experience and encourage others to believe in yourselves and change your lives. I recently finished Le Wagon’s #215 batch and I’m a proud Le Wagon Alumni!!After many years in construction... Read More industry, I realized that I wasn’t enjoying my job anymore and that It was time for a change. I was not sure of changing radically my career at the age of 31, but at the same time I didn’t want to keep on working on the construction industry. I always had a huge interest in the development world, but I never did anything about it.After talking to some developer friends, they encourage me to do the bootcamp way into coding. I researched until I choose based on the good reviews, location and cost, to do Le Wagon’s Full-stack web development bootcampat at Buenos Aires.I have to thanks Le Wagon and its teachers because they taught me more than learning to write code, they taught me how to research, think and put all the knowledge together as a developer. The bootcamp is designed for people of different knowledge backgrounds (in my particular case I didn’t have any previous coding experience). The syllabus is well organized and every day you have challenges of different levels to solve. Teachers were very helpful and caring. They explained as much as needed for all of us to understand. The best part of the program is when you get to work on the final project and you are able to work as a team with support an encouragement of teacher to build a product. It was a very rewarding experience. Needless to say, the city of Buenos Aires is awesome! It offers a great variety of landmarks, restaurants, bars, coffees, bars, discos, you name it! In addition, locals were very friendly and helpful.After the bootcamp was over, we visited some companies and we got to do networking with the CTO’s and developers from big local companies. Now, I realized how much I accomplished in 9 weeks and that I’m capable of being a developer. I have had some interviews and I have been at the same level as recently graduated computer engineers (for Jr web developer). At the end of the day, you get many tools, knowledge, and a lifetime support of Le Wagon’s alumni, but you will get as far as you push!I had such a good journey in Le Wagon Buenos Aires, that I came back as a TA (teacher assistant) to be able to help people like me to have a one hell of a ride and become developers.Read Less",le-wagon
"A few short months ago I sat in office in Sweden and I realised I needed a change from the monotony of my daily life, I work as freelance art director and have years of design and graphic skills in my toolbelt. I always believed if I could help build... Read More clients websites I would be the full package!After speaking with some friends who worked with coding they recommended I look into Le Wagon bootcamp. They also believed that with my strong design background that I could excel at coding. My mind was instantly opened to world of possibilities. I figured that it would be smart to investment of my time to enter into a full stack developer course where I could quickly learn a new skill. I knew going into the bootcamp that it would be hard but it was way harder then I thought, and surprisingly I loved every minute of the challenges that I was presented with! During the course I received so much support from the TA and teachers. Everyone is there to make sure you succeed and will spend hours with you to make sure you grasp the 9 week curriculum. I am very thankful for all extra help I received! I finished the course have a strong knowledge which I continue to build upon. Now I can say that I’am recent graduate of the le wagon Bali batch #253 I have successfully learned: -Ruby on rails -How to api are used, as well as JSON, and scrapping -Relational databases, SQL, Postgres-HTML,CSS, Bootstrap-ES6 Javascript-wireframes, prototyping, UI design-test driven development-git, GitHub, and technical workflow. In additional to all these amazing new things I have learned, I have also gained a new community of friends and peers who I will know for the rest of of career/ life!Read Less",le-wagon
"After studying business and working in various industries such as advertising and finance I finally decided to do the Wagon which I have wanted to do for a long time. I do not regret it at all as I have learned so many new skills, new coding languages... Read More and built a website with my team. It is quite intense but the whole support makes it a lot easier and the ""buddy"" system is also very nice as you work every day with someone new and meet very interesting people. Everyone is there to learn and happy to be there which is extremely pleasant. The ambiance is very good and the teachers are amazing. Really feel part of the Wagon family and recommend the Wagon 100% to everyone that thinks about it !Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was a senior management consultant at PwC Dubai. After 2.5 years of consulting, I felt it was time for a career change. I wanted a career in tech, so I felt that learning how to code would be an essential skill needed to kick... Read More off in the right direction. Le Wagon was an awesome experience! I learned how to code, how to develop a product alone &amp; with a team, how to pitch web applications, all in just 9 intense weeks. The program is designed in a way that flows perfectly with the build-up of knowledge. If you’d like to become a junior full stack developer, a product manager, or a tech entrepreneur, I highly recommend Le Wagon. The attention given to each student by the teachers is unmatched. Proud to be part of the Le Wagon family!Read Less",le-wagon
"After working as an accountant for 7 years and using various softwares at work, I wanted to make real changes for the users. After an intense research of coding bootcamps in London, I found that Le Wagon had the best syllabus for me as a non-CS degree... Read More graduate with the time period and competitive price. After 9 weeks of Le Wagon, I can confidently say that it was one of the best decisions I made in my career path and it provided me a great start of my new journey as a developer. All staff are super friendly and really care about individual's success in the course. It also has very broad network and support from Le Wagon graduates all over the world! Once you attend Le Wagon, you are in the Le Wagon family for life!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was working as a Sales Team Lead at a tech company in Toronto, Canada. I learned a lot from the experience, but after a while realized that although I loved working in tech I was ready to try something other than Sales. I used to consider... Read More myself someone who was bad with anything related to computers and would never have considered learning to code a few years ago. However, once I was exposed to the world of tech, I became very curious about what the Developers were doing on the other side of the building.At first coding only appealed to me because I loved the idea of being able to work from my laptop from anywhere in the world. I didn’t know if I would be any good at coding or if I would enjoy it but decided to try it out with some free online courses. I very quickly realized that coding was something I was interested in pursuing. It was challenging, but still very enjoyable to learn.Although I was interested in coding, going back to school for a 4 year computer science degree didn't appeal to me. I started looking into bootcamps and came across Le Wagon. There are many highly rated bootcamps in Toronto but moving to Europe seemed like way more fun (and it was!). I've always been an avid traveller and moving to Europe has been a goal of mine for a while. I remember googling ""best coding bootcamps in Europe"" and Le Wagon by far had the best reviews. I looked though all the testimonials and couldn't believe how positive they all were. I actually tried really hard to find a bad one and wasn't successful. Reading everyones stories I knew Le Wagon was the right school for me. I loved the focus on entrepreneurship and the final project. I also loved that Le Wagon is a Full Stack bootcamp and would give me a taste of everything instead of focusing on just Frontend, Backend or one specific language. When I looked at the different Le Wagon locations I knew I wanted somewhere warm and not too expensive with a big enough tech community that I could stay and find a job after the bootcamp. I decided on Barcelona and it was a great decision. I fell in love with the city from the moment the plane landed!Le Wagon Barcelona from start to finish was an amazing experience. I was impressed with how well structured the course was. The day would start with a 2 hour lecture. These lectures were very well designed and all of the teachers were amazing. They were all extremely knowledgeable and did a great job of making the lectures engaging. After the lecture we would spend the majority of the day working on exercise in pairs. The exercises were the perfect way to absorb the concepts of the day and when we got stuck on a problem the teachers and TAs all did a great job of helping us through it. Working with a different partner everyday was also a great way to learn. Everyone has different strengths and weaknesses and a different perspective on how to approach a problem. It was very helpful to learn from each other. After the exercises we would finish the day with a Live Code and take home flashcards to help us review everything we learned.Although I learned a lot throughout the entire course, I think the projects weeks were the most valuable part of the experience. It was amazing to build something from scratch in only 2 weeks. The project really allowed us to put together all the skills we learned in the previous weeks. Going into the course, I didn't have any ideas for the final project, but all the teachers really encouraged us to think about it over the first few weeks and pitch an idea for the experience. I ended up pitching an idea for an app to search for food by dish called 'Craving' and was pleasantly surprised when it was selected to be built. It was an incredible experience to work with my team to bring the idea to life.Now that I'm done the bootcamp I'm excited to see what's next to come. I've just started to look for jobs and the Barcelona staff has already been extremely helpful providing job postings, referrals and answering any questions I have. I'm also fortunate to have the opportunity to be a TA for Le Wagon in Barcelona and Madrid this July!After the experience I had, I understand now why Le Wagon has so many amazing reviews. Signing up for Le Wagon really is one of the best decisions I've ever made. So if you are reading this and thinking of signing up, I guarantee that after your bootcamp you will feel the same way too.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a second year bachelor student in Computer Science. I was not satisfied with the courses given in my university. So I decided to quit and learn on my own, which proved to be harder than I thought. That’s where I discovered Le wagon. I did my bootcamp... Read More in Barcelona from January to March 2019. I was able to meet like-minded people with a great sense of community spirit. The staff was very knowledgeable and super friendly always there to help you whether it is in or outside the bootcamp. The material they teach is really good to get you started with web development and computer science in general. They will also teach you how to think like a programmer and how to work in a team. No matter your background, at the end of the bootcamp you will be able to build a web app of your own.It is now a couple of month after the end of my batch, and I am now working two jobs. One as a web developer for an accounting company and the other as a software engineer in a Belgian startup. I did not expect the extent to which Le wagon would boost my career.If you want to get into coding, Le wagon is what you are looking for! It is well worth the time and the money.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve been doing a masters in Social Innovation and Entrepreneurship at LSE this year and decided to take the Le Wagon course (batch #240) during my exam period as a supplement to my studies. Previously I worked in NGOs and social science research, but... Read More always felt a pull to gain technical skills and learn how to build things on my own. I wasn’t very confident I would be able to do it, and even during the first few weeks of the course I felt slow and behind. But thanks to the thorough lectures every morning, the individualized support provided by TAs throughout the day, and - crucially - the daily reassurance from every staff member at Le Wagon, two months later I graduated knowing 1000% more than when I started. Coding still isn’t easy, but Le Wagon gives its students the tools to be able to continue learning the material and honing in on certain areas depending on the project - so it doesn’t really feel over. I never would have been able to do this on my own and would retake it in a heartbeat.Read Less",le-wagon
"Pros- Teaching assistants very keen to help and very able to help. It was incredibly reassuring at the beginning to see the teaching assistants, who for the most part had recently finished their Le Wagon, be so confident and competent in their coding... Read More abilities- Even when the teaching assistants were unable to assist, the teachers were incredibly knowledgable - I really enjoyed not being spoon fed information. There were 2 hour lectures in the morning followed by related exercises for the majority of the day, which became progressively more difficult, thus I felt that it was really solidifying the knowledge learnt in the morning- There are countless exercises available to help you reinforce what you learnt, the teachers even gave me extra exercises when I finished the optional exercises, which was amazing!- They care and cater for for all learning speeds- I enjoyed how it was not only focused on the coding part, since I found the entrepreneurial side of things interesting as well. This was also a significant deciding factor in my choosing of Le Wagon. I wanted to learn how to code so that I could take some of the great ideas I come across and make them into a reality, that’s why the entrepreneurial side is so important to me- Even all of the students were friendly, we became like a bit of a family by the end- After finishing the course we still have access to a phenomenal amount of material for reminders, as well a whole extra course on the react and redux frameworks- In addition, we have access to a large alumni network- Another thing that I found to be very important was how they taught best practices along the way- I also really enjoyed how in the live code session at the end of the day, there was an option to take on a more challenging problem if you already get confident in the day’s material- Also Barcelona is a vibrant city, I loved living there and would consider living there in the future again. There is great food, good nightlife and good weather!Cons- the only negative I can honestly think of is that at the end of the boot camp they are very persistent for you to write a review. I usually never write reviews, and they managed to make me write one so clearly it works, and of course I understand that it is very important for them to get reviews. That being said, I think this is rather insignificant compared to all the positivesHow much you learn is significantly based on how much effort you put in. Le Wagon certainly give you all the tools to learn an incredible amount in 9 weeks, and if you put in the work you can become very proficient. Thus, if I could give future students one piece of advice it would be to put in a lot of work, the amount you will learn will pay off!Overall, I had a great experience. I learned a copious amount in 9 weeks, the staff were all friendly and helpful, and all the resources still available after the boot camp are amazing! Highly recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was part of batch #245 of Le Wagon Barcelona. Before joining Le Wagon, I worked in Finance in New York City where I specialized in Product Strategy for an investment firm. I joined the financial services industry straight out of college and remained... Read More in it for almost three years before choosing to take on the 9 weeks at Le Wagon.My desire to learn how to code arose when I was working on a project with a colleague and realized my lack of technical knowledge. My colleague lost interest in working together because he was a developer but I was not. This was when I realized that I needed to learn how to read code, even if I did not necessarily want to be a developer. However, after my experience at Le Wagon, I can say with certainty that I want to practice as a developer and become part of a team of coders. Le Wagon is the ideal platform to learn how to code. The lectures are extremely insightful and are delivered flawlessly by the teachers. After each lecture, we are given several hours to practice what we learned with a peer. The TA and teachers are readily available for any help and they are extremely helpful on this front as well. My confidence grew every day thanks to the lectures and the peer programming that helped reinforce what I learned. I am happy that I decided to pursue this life-changing experience. Thanks to Le Wagon I also have the confidence to pursue my own projects and met a great set of people that I am partnering with on several projects as well. Le Wagon is a truly worthy investment.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm Paulo, 25 Years old, I was not able to finish secondary school in my country but I got lucky to work as a customer service representative, after that moved to Japan and started a new life in Tokyo with my wife.After some time working in the construction... Read More sector in Japan, I realized that it was not what I wanted, since a kid I've been in love with tech and interested in programming. So I decided to look for new opportunities and change my life, so after some research I found Le Wagon Coding boot camp and decided to enroll for the next session.I'm part of Le Wagon's Tokyo Batch #252, that started back in April 15 2019, it was an experience i never forget because really helped me to learn what i always wanted.1. The teachers: They are amazing and well-prepared!, The main Teacher was always ready to answer questions and to help you, if you have a problem they will figure it out in matter of seconds. They will sit beside you and help you to reason the problem until you understand it. Is very difficult to ask something they don't know. And that is for the other TA's too, All of them are really experienced developers. And of course when is time to chill they are really nice people to have a nice chat too!.2. The Program: I'm did not study programming before, and I'm impressed that after only two months I can call myself a Full stack developer. All the program is really well thought, made to help beginners understand, but of course you have to be prepared if you have no experience in coding, so I recommend finishing all the Preparation work they provide before the boot camp, This is a very intense program and you have to be really interested in learning to keep going. All the valuable experience I gained working with awesome teammates and with my teachers is really helpful after the boot camp.3. Job Assistance: Le Wagon staff is still sharing Job opportunities and organizing events to help us find a Job. It's been a week after my batch finished and still searching for a Job, But I'm pretty satisfied with the help they are providing us to find a Job.I feel like my life has already changed after Le Wagon and I hope to keep growing as a developer finding a Job in a good company in Tokyo, Keep in touch with my teammates and teachers. This is an experience I will never forget!.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am 29 years old, I graduated from Rennes Business School and started working for Neslté France just after my studies. I worked there for almost 5 years as a digital manager. I really enjoyed my career there.In October 2018, I decided to quit my job... Read More and start a new life in Lille. I took advantage of this break to develop technical skills through the Wagon Coding Bootcamp Lille. https://www.lewagon.com/fr/lilleI'm part of batch #257 started in April 2019 and I really enjoyed my experience at The Wagon!&gt; The staff is great: very good explanations, great attention to the progress and the feeling of each - the courses are well developed and explained. =&gt; I did not know anything about code but I never felt lost thanks to the teachers and the teaching assistant.&gt; Educational program: quite intense (you have to be prepared!) But really well built. I liked the rhythm: classes / exercises / projects. I had the impression that I had not learned so much in a long time! In April, I did not know anything about coding. Today, I feel able to develop myself a basic merchant website or to speak with a developer with the right words.&gt; Friendly atmosphere: each day you work with a different budy, there is a lot of support between students.My plan for the future: My goal is to find a job in a company where I will be able to use the technical skills I have acquired, for example: working as a Product Owner.Read Less",le-wagon
"Since I was young I always wanted to learn code but I’ve never had the discipline to learn it. When I saw the projects of the first batch in Lausanne, I thought it was impossible and felt really impressed. So I decided to join the Wagon on batch #249.... Read MoreAt first, it’s scary but you realize that you learn very quickly and it’s very satisfying. The teachers are excellent and very pedagogical. The program is very well thought out and always up to date. Above all the people I met where very nice and inspiring.After 9 weeks, I surprised myself and those around me with my fresh new programming skills.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining LW Barcelona, I worked as an account manager for a digital marketing agency based out of Hong Kong. I was responsible for the development, delivery and reporting of digital marketing campaigns for our clients in Asia. I had the chance to... Read More be exposed to all facets of digital marketing and worked directly with a team of experts. With digital marketing being so closely connected to website design &amp; development, I also managed a few website delivery where I had to coordinate with developers &amp; designers. However, I felt I was lacking the technical knowledge to adequately communicate what I was requiring from them which ultimately led to frustration and miscommunication.That is one of the main reasons why I decided to join LW; I wanted to learn in more depth the specificities of frontend and backend development so I could improve the level of my conversations with creatives. The other reasons being that I had always been really curious about coding and found it so fascinating. With a desire to go down the product management path, it felt imperative for me to learn the basics of programming. LW seemed to offer exactly what I needed/wanted from a coding bootcamp: an international learning environment, teaching assistance &amp; guidance, a short timeframe and covering the most important coding basics.First and foremost, LW helped me to understand that digital product management was the field that I really want to get into. Getting to understand the specificities of backend and frontend was a mandatory step but the excitement really came from creating a product from scratch and seeing it come to life. “Owning” this product delivery was really the thing that made me click and gave me the confidence to now look for product owner or junior product manager roles.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 15 years in corporate finance, I decided to change something in my career, something that will allow me to have a different lifestyle - I wanted to be a freelancer, to work on projects and to have a better use of my daily schedule. In the same time,... Read More I always had an interest in what stands behind the applications we all use every day on our devices. This is how I decided I wanted to learn how to code.	Without knowing too much about what a bootcamp means and without too much time for preparation, I jumped in one of the best experiences in my life. First impression - user friendly learning platform and good quality online lectures - it gave me the feeling I am in good hands. What came next during the bootcamp was really above my expectations - teachers are not only technically skilled, but they are great educators and, very important, they share a very positive energy. One very nice perk of doing the bootcamp with the best school was that I met there the most diverse mix of colleagues, both from culture and career background perspective. And they all share a strong attitude, they want to learn and change their lives.	Still deciding what was the best thing about doing the bootcamp - that I learned to build modern web apps in 9 weeks, that I met amazing people and we are still connected and help each other, or that I have continuous access to the learning platform. It is hard to choose one because I enjoy them all.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm 46 years old, geek in 80', began to code in basic on Amstrad, and having good time in swimming.After a career as surf life saver, then coach, diving into Linux, I began system administrator in a printing factory... 11 years.I realy wanted to dive... Read More in code to be a good devops in... 4-5 years.Then I did le Wagon, batch 220, Paris, with a class of very diversified profiles but from the people I had met so far which was an experience as rewarding as intriguing.The program is dense but enlightened as well as enlightening, with a staff of teaching and coaching willing to make you reach a complete autonomy.Now, I am leaving my job in order to dive into the code and not to reproduce the mistake of not coding at the end of my training and losing this skills.The Wagon, both in its teaching format and pedagogy and in its active and international community allows the wildest dreams.The glass ceiling is broken. The new paradigm: sky is the limit.Thanks to The WagonRead Less",le-wagon
"Why coding?Tech has always been my first love. At age 20, I started an online store selling ethnic groceries out of my parents’ shop. It featured a full working cart, a card payment gateway and an order tracking page.The site was all duck taped and glued... Read More together using visual editing software. It was the year 2000, way before Google and Paypal were a thing. It would take 10 years until Amazon would land in Italy and educate Italians how convenient, reliable and time-saving online shopping can be.In the meanwhile, my store was starting to pick up momentum when I felt I still wanted to travel and see the world.My thirst for adventure took me to places like Bermuda, United States and even somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean working aboard a Mickey Mouse Themed cruise ship.(if during summer time you see a DIsney Ship docked at the Barcelona Port, that’s the ship where I worked! Make a wish when you hear the magical horn :slightly_smiling_face:After finally settling down in Barcelona and about to turn 40 , I decided it was time to finally decided what I want to do “when I grow up”.Still kinda undecided, I then looked back and remembered my old room’s bookshelves. They were flowing with books about how to build websites using WYSIWYG tools….I am talking about Front Page ’98, Dreamweaver and Macromedia Flash.Yup, I am that old :slightly_smiling_face:I found coding always a bit intimidating. I was afraid to miss a semicolon somewhere and mess up the whole website.Back then, the “cloud” was only something related to weather forecasts and hosting companies did not back-up automatically your files and things tend to go wrong much easier than it is today. After working in many large tech companies as non-technical employee, I finally realised the power of understanding and writing code.Developers, no matter what their level is, are always incredibly respected and sought-after figures.But more than that, I realised that being able to write code and build beautiful interfaces unlocks a world of possibilities.Becoming a developer.Starting a career as Project Manager.The most appealing to me?Founding your own start-up and embark on a journey to find creative solutions to real-life problems.Building an MVP is no longer an expensive and risky endeavour. As a founder, I no longer need to rely on other developers to build the foundations for my vision. When I have an idea, I can simply turn on my laptop and start experimenting. When I have a tech-related doubt, I now know what to look for and where to look it.The future is now full of promises and possibilities.Where I am on the driver’s seat and I am free to go as far as I want to go!What were you doing before?At Le Wagon Barcelona, diversity is highly valued. Our batch included an awesome bunch of extraordinary individuals coming from many different countries, diverse cultural backdrops and multiple professional backgrounds. In my case, I am an Italian citizen born in Thailand with Vietnamese, Cambodian and Chinese Heritage. Lived in Beijing for four years where I graduated in Chinese Language and Culture.I was also fortunate enough to live in the London, Italy, Orlando (Florida), between Port Canaveral and the Bahamas working on a Cruise Ship, the Bermuda Island and now Barcelona.In my opinion, simply the best city in the world!Professionally speaking, my career path has been as varied as the entry stamps in my passport’s pagesimport manager for a textile company sales manager for a food wholesale enterprise waiter and assistant Restaurant manager for the Walt Disney Company search engine evaluator for Google and Instagram business sales specialist for Apple …and of course, my favorite gig so far: being a Zumba Fitness Instructor and running my own school. Any Daddy Yankee fan out there? Why Le Wagon? Why Barcelona?Before deciding on which bootcamp to invest, I spend about five days reading ALL the reviews of ALL the coding bootcamps in Barcelona.When learning more about Le Wagon one word kept appearing over and over again: reputation.Le Wagon enjoys an incredible reputation in the tech, entrepreneurship, and in the wider business world. This both in Barcelona and abroad thanks to Le Wagon’s presence in more than 35 cities. After attending the boot camp myself I can now witness that all those five reviews are simply reflecting the truth.Le Wagon is a special place where excellence is encouraged, nurtured and expected.Starting from Le Wagon Barcelona driver, to the TAs, to the fellow students, I found an infinite source of daily inspiration. Inspiration to always challenge myself.Inspiration to be humble and keep on learning. Put what I learned to the test, learn some more and then start the process all over again.Inspiration to keep my mind opened to the world of possibilities out there.Inspiration to find inventive ways to solve real problems by building beautiful, easy to use web applications.Even the Inspiration necessary to keep inspiring myself to work hard and enjoy the process.Barcelona.The place to be.La ciudad Condal is everything I believe a city should be.Openminded.Welcoming.Diverse.It has everything a city should have:a flourishing Tech scene,a great expat communitya mild winter, an amazing summerreasonable life costs,great public transportation…….anybody up for a mojito at a beach chiringuito after work?Demo day was 5 days ago, what are you doing now?I am typing this from my new office’s little terrance.The sun is super nice and my new teammates are incredibly awesome.Thanks to the skills acquired at Le Wagon I found a business partner who highly values my opinion and experience. He founded a tech startup who’s helping influencers editing and monetising their videos.It’s a hassle free one-stop solution for content makers that allows them to stop worrying about the technical and business stuff and concentrate on creating high quality, entertaining It’s a wonderful workplace which offers me tons of flexibility.Flexibility to set my own hours.Flexibility to take the role I see fit as the business grows.Flexibility to keep on working on my AI-related tech-startup. A streaming service for families to access and safeguard their most valuable treasure: their memories.Flexibility to be able help my younger brother with his Malta-based blockchain startup.None of this would have been possible a mere 10 weeks ago.Le Wagon gave the tools, the knowledge and the confidence to continue on my tech journey .Once again, thank you Le Wagon Barcelona for truly changing my life.I will make sure to come and visit very often, just to keep the creativex juices flowing :slightly_smiling_face:Nam Hai ChauRead Less",le-wagon
"I was head of supply at Le Collectionist, a brand of luxury villas rentals and bespoke experiences, for 3 years, and decided I needed a change in my life. My desire was to learn again, and to be able to work closer to the tech team in the future jobs... Read More I would have. Aware of Le Wagon’s existence for a while, I decided to try and apply for it, and was convinced automatically once I step a foot in the offices at Le Villa Gaudelet in Paris.The experience was amazing, as well in their learning format than in the community they created, and maintained so well. I didn’t see the 9 weeks passed, and it gave me the ego-boost and the motivation I needed to start something new. On the human level, Le Wagon is such a rich experience; it’s rare to be able to meet all those people with different backgrounds, motivated to give the best of themselves throughout the training.On the teaching level, it’s based mostly on the practice of code (70% of the day), and enables you to also work on your personal skills (skills that will be great assets in any job). I entered Le Wagon wanting to be a product manager, and now I am actually a freelance in front web development (which I never thought would be possible before). I am learning everyday with my projects, and I am really happy I made this turn of carrier at this moment of my life.As a bonus, I continue on being in Le Wagon’s community because I’m also Teaching Assistant in Paris - the best way to keep learning while continuing to spend crazy moments with the team and the students!Read Less",le-wagon
"Best coding experience, I’ve learnt a lot thanks to their amazing teacher and pedagogic courses and exercises !! Recommended 5/5",le-wagon
"⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Just finished the bootcamp with the batch209. It was amazing, one of the best experience in my life!",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a amazing place to start your career in coding. During your batch you will be taught how to learn coding through Ruby. The only thing that can hold you back is yourself. Ask questions and never stop till you get it. During my time the teachers... Read More were helpful and always willing to listen. The were happy to spend extra time with me, asked about my health when I was up all night with my newborn. They not only taught me how to learn what tools I'll need and still check up on me. Le Wagon isn't just a school it's a family. Pros Extremely supportive Networking 3 months Great location Huge alumni base Great staff and dashboardCons Only 3 months Almost overwhelming amount of information (I live hours away and had a newborn.)Read Less",le-wagon
"I really enjoyed the bootacamp, the teacher and also the TA team were truly amazing!! the studies are very difficult and chalnging but Le wagon team and community are always there to help, during the bootcamp and also after.I really recommeny this bootcamp!!... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a Law background, I wasn't sure if a bootcamp was going to be enough to help me in my goal of pursuing a career in software/web development, but now I can tell you that Le Wagon really prepares you with job-ready skills that will impress interviewers... Read More and land you a junior dev job. It's definitely a tough journey learning to program from scratch in 9 weeks, but it was still the most fun experience you can ask for. From day 1 all the teachers and teacher aids are there as friends and to help you out with anything you need, not to mention the group of students that after 9 weeks end up becoming really good friends. An overall unforgettable experience that I would recommend to anyone looking to kickstart their software engineering career.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm an engineering student, finishing my degree. I love tech and had a little experience with code before. Le Wagon was the best choice to jump deep in this world, as I wanted to turn more digital. It was an awesome decision that I'm really happy now... Read More to have pursued. I feel ready for a job as a developer, product owner, and more. I had big expectations, and they were surpassed. Amazing how fast we can learn and the environment is just amazing! I miss it so much already. It made the experience really unique. I loved meeting people with different backgrounds and coming from different places, but with the same goal: dive into code!Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing my masters in London in Computing and also running my small business on the side, I felt it was the time to learn the foundational coding skills needed to develop full products. As it will help me run my business easier and it will give... Read More me a more in-depth understanding of the best and most efficient process for software engineering.The experience was amazing! Especially the project in the last two weeks where we were able to develop a fully functional prototype and see how software teams work. Le wagon team did a great job facilitating this program and I’m really thankful for this experience!Read Less",le-wagon
The experience was amazing and really eye opening to what I'm capable of learning in a short amount of time if I'm disciplined enough.My objective was to stop working a 9-5 and start traveling as a digital nomad with my own project in the first place.... Read More I also wanted to improve my salary by switching to a development career and earn more.Le wagon is a high quality program and there is a strong effort to make it as clear as possible and with a good order on the topics.Read Less,le-wagon
"I have always wanted to learn how to code but coming from a non-technical background, I never knew where to start, nor where to even look to figure out where to start! I also knew, given coding is such as difficult skill to learn, that I would need some... Read More sort of framework or coaching to help get my feet off the ground. When I heard of Le Wagon, my decision was made.I signed up, took a few prep courses and a test, and next thing I knew I was coding along! Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS and more.The idea for me was not necessarily to become a computer programmer (although it could have been a realistic ambition as it is for many students!) but more to immerse in a 100% pure tech environment over a short but intensive period of time, and see where it would take me. Do I love it and want to change my career? Do I hate it and want to stay away from it? Do I like it and want to continue exploring and learning?Technology is inescapable. It is transforming all sectors of the economy, of our workplace and of our lives. And it will only continue to grow. If I want to remain relevant and happy in the workplace, I need to keep up with technology; as a start, I need to be able to answer these fundamental questions. Le Wagon helped me to do so.Being able to develop a web app from scratch in only 2 weeks. Didn't believe I could ever do this. For me, this was a feat!Learning Rails and seeing how it all fit together. Definitely an aha moment. Felt fantastic.The intellectual discomfort. This may sound negative, but every day comes with a new challenge and I think the trick lies in embracing these difficult moments. Stretching your brain is central to the learning process and it is precisely this discomfort that will allow you to build new neuronal connections and grow! The collaborative spirit &amp; personal development. Le Wagon teaches you to collaborate with peers from varied backgrounds, maturity and skills. It teaches you how to help others but also how to receive help. It teaches you humility and how to say ""I don't understand"" or ""thanks for your help"".The teachers/TAs. Talented, knowledgeable, passionate and friendly teachers and TAs have definitely contributed to a positive learning experience. A great representation of female leadership was a big plus, and definitely a driver for female student success. I am grateful for this!Barcelona is a young, vibrant and diverse city. A perfect place in which to ""work hard, play hard"", ie. do a coding bootcamp. Whether you are a foodie, art or music lover, athlete or party animal, you will never be short of options in Barcelona!Considering? Apply, try to get an interview and make good use of your one-on-one to clear away any doubts or burning questions you may have. Once on-board, do the prep work so you get an appreciation for what coding really is and discover hands on whether it excites you or not. If the answer is yes, then just go for it, sign up! You will never know without trying!Read Less",le-wagon
"I've worked my entire career in consulting, tech companies or startup but on the business side. But I have also always wanted to properly learn how to code for my personal projects and why not make a radical career change at the same time.Le Wagon bootcamp... Read More has been a life changing experience for me: in 9 weeks, thanks to a fantastically fine-tuned program with great pedagogy, content and culture I learn to code in Ruby on Rails and Javascript as well as to use PostgreSQL, Heroku, APIs and other technologies and tools. Now I currently work as a Full Stack developer at RunaHR. If you are looking into becoming a web developer Le Wagon is the right bootcamp for you!Read Less",le-wagon
"Really recommend this bootcamp. I attended batch #193 in Tel Aviv and it's one of the best decisions I've ever made.Do not hesitate, go for it !",le-wagon
"After two years working in the banking industry in London, I decided to change life and go back to France to become an entrepreneur. Leaving behind me a confortable professional situation, my friends, my girlfriend, my flat… and went back to my parent’s... Read More place to start a new life.The first struggle on my entrepreneurial journey was the lack of coding skills. I had many business/product ideas but found myself unable to create a MVP without hiring a freelance developer to build the app/website. I realised that I didn’t want to fall in a dependency relationship towards a developer. Hence, joining a coding bootcamp became obvious – it brought me to the FullStack Programme at Le Wagon.Le Wagon is definitely a life-changer programme: after 2 intense months of coding, I now can develop a MVP and test multiple business ideas on my own.Le Wagon is simply amazing because: teachers are exceptional both technically and personally, the atmosphere is unique, students have very diverse backgrounds and the program is perfectly structured. If you are in a similar mindset, please do not hesitate anymore, join Le Wagon community to have fun and learn!Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm Frederic, I'm 40 years old and I started my career as a former civil engineer and worked in audit and finance for many years. Within the last 5 years, I launched 2 startup projects. Through my career, I've also been working as a bloodstock agent (I... Read More buy and sale race horses).As I was looking for new projects in the start up world, I heard about le Wagon FullStack bootcamp. At the beginning, I was not looking for a school or something like that a all.But after some researches and talks with friends, I realised that it could be perfect for me. I never had the ambition to become a fullstack developer, even when I considered doing le Wagon but I always had this little lack of technical knowledges that made me thinking I wasn’t speaking the same language than the developers. I found out that Le Wagon could be the answer and it was indeed.If I have to sum-up my experience at le Wagon, I will say that:- It’s 9 full intensive weeks, but he program is perfectly size for this time- The methodology is very good/innovating and everybody enjoys both the curriculum and the rythme.- You meet a great bunch of people with different experiences/ ages/ backgrounds and Le Wagon's network increase the value of the program.Long story short: if you are thinking of doing le Wagon do not hesitate, go for it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I couldn’t imagine how my time at Le Wagon would be a great learning and human experience. I had a lot of good surprises during the bootcamp and after.Even if you want to start your own project or become a junior developer in a team or as a freelance... Read More you’ll find at Le Wagon some competent people who really help you to achieve your goals.I spent the toughest 9 weeks of my life but it worth it. Even if you don’t know anything about coding or programming and especially if you’ve never code any line in your life Le Wagon is a bootcamp for you. You’ll find a really good working atmosphere, mutual assistance between students and teachers who are helping you at anytime and with a pedagogic way.You’ll discover a new world and learn some good working habits.After Le Wagon I was glad to see how I’m still connected with the community. I visited Lisbon one month ago and I could find some people from Le Wagon Lisbon to talk and exchange with. You’ll find kindness in students, teachers and alumni.If you want to start a new tech career or start a new digital project I can only recommend this coding bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"After many years in the oil and gas industry I’ve choose to reskill and learn how to code in a modern way. I did many researchs and alumni interviews before fixing my choice on le Wagon. The program and especially the teaching tools are awesome, everything... Read More is done to make you learn in a pleasant bootcamp spirit. I basically started with nothing and finished the bootcamp with a project, a goal, new skills and of course an entrepreneur spirit.I’m now willing to join a startup to learn more skills and become a freelance later.Read Less",le-wagon
"In England I was an Engineer, it was a good, stable job but I was bored. I kept thinking ‘it will pick up’ or ‘I’ll get that promotion next year’. One day I woke up and realized I had been waiting for years for something to happen. After an embarrassing... Read More amount of time I decided to take the plunge into coding and after a good bit of research, I choose Le Wagon - specifically Le Wagon Bali. Firstly, the Le Wagon syllabus is masterfully set out – they give you the arduous approach to a problem first, and then teach you the simple/succinct approach so that you know what is ‘going on under the hood’. This sounds painful but it works perfectly! It gives you an understanding of a concept in a matter of days, whereas otherwise, it would take weeks.Secondly, the way each day was structured forced you to think like a developer from day 1. The days starts with a lecture (with Q&amp;A etc) and then moves onto daily challenges with the full (and completely invaluable) support from the teachers, and then ends with a live code session where the whole class completes a task together. This structure immerses you in coding – think learning another language while living in the country of origin.Finally, the resources Le Wagon provide during and after the course pay for themselves. I finished the course a month ago, and thanks to free members-only Le Wagon course on React, I am now a freelance fully remote React Developer; I spend my days bouncing around Asia, living in flip flops and drinking coconuts (I know, the dream right?).Three months ago I was sat in a cubicle waiting for my life to become interesting, and now I’m sat in a cafe in Vietnam wondering whether to move to the Philippines or Taiwan. Le Wagon, quite literally, gives you the tools to change your life.To anyone reading this, stop waiting and take the aforementioned plunge. Stop sitting and waiting for your job to interest you, or waiting for your employers to appreciate you – take the plunge. My only regret is that I didn’t get involved with Le Wagon 3 years earlier.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came to LeWagon without any previous programming experience, so everything was new. I did a little research from the start and I quickly find out that this was the right choice! There I obtain tech knowledge mainly in Ruby (on Rails), but left as a... Read More Full Stack Developer. Such as Javascript, CSS, HTML, SQL/Postgres. The whole staff was really nice and the classroom environment was good and easy for learning. We used a platform called Kitt that had all our lectures (that lasted about 1:30h in the morning) and from then coding exercises until the afternoon. When the 9 weeks course is over, we still the unlimited access to Kitt and continue learning.We had some companies that went there and gave us a perspective of a real dev work day. That was really nice and the networking that we get out of it is extraordinary!A big thanks to all the LeWagon crew that made this great bootcamp possible!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Lewagon Lisbon I was a chartered accountant and worked for three years as a Financial Auditor. Watching how the work was done in such an inneficient way I decided to teach myself how to code excel and eventually started asking if this was the right... Read More job for me.Luckily I have two great friends who are also programmers and pushed me forward to take a 180degree shift in my career and I’m só glad I took their advice by heart. The whole tech and web industry has always fascinated but for some misfortunate reasons we’ve been always separated until I joined the bootcamp.Lewagon Lisbon not only helped me how to write code and develop a product from zero to production but also how to work in a team and more importantly how to think like a programmer.Definetly not only an experience one should try for curiosity and expand their skillset but also if you wanna change your career and start fresh. And make no mistakes, lewagon is not only a coding bootcamp but also a network of people who’ll be available for you anytime you need.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was offered the possibility to join le Wagon as part of my Master’s Degree at HEC. I had heard about le Wagon through a few friends who had previously followed the bootcamp. They had all finished with stars in their eyes and amazing job opportunities/offers... Read More so I jumped on the occasion ! I was not disappointed.Indeed, le Wagon offers a great combination of hard work, excellent guidance, great people and good fun. You will learn how to code with Ruby on Rails, using Javascript, ActiveRecord, SQL and many other languages and first and foremost you will learn how to build and design a user-centric product.I am currently teaching assistant for the following batch of students at le Wagon. I am now learning how to explain difficult concepts and solve students’ problems.Thanks to the technical skills, the bootcamp has brought me, I have considerably broaden my career perspectives to jobs such as developper, product owner or IT consultant. Furthermore, I now have access to a lifelong network which has already proven to be of great help.I would recommend this bootcamp without hesitating to anyone looking to earn technical skills, to take a step in their career or even just to open their mind to web development !Read Less",le-wagon
"After a year and a half as a business analyst in a tech start-up I felt like I had a good understanding of our business and market. However as many of us with non-technical background, I was clearly lacking a certain number of skills in order to understand... Read More the development of our core product. I told friends about my very early mid-life crisis and met with someone who convinced me to go for Le Wagon’s bootcamp in Paris despite not having coded anything in my life. After the first few days, the fear of failing had completely vanished - Le Wagon somehow found the perfect balance between supporting students and teaching them to reach the autonomy they’ll need as junior developers. You also get to meet with awesome people who you will want to train with every day. Le Wagon is a family with such a great spirit that you always find a way to come back for one of their many community events.After the bootcamp, I left my business analyst position and I quickly learned Python to work in data analytics.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was an optician before starting my Wagon training in january. I really wanted to change careers and I especially wanted to turn to digital. After some research, I decided to embark on the adventure, and 3 months later, I am trained and ready to look... Read More for a job as a Ruby fullstack developer. The Wagon is by far the most beautiful adventure I have ever known, it is above all excellent teachers, a fantastic school, and an unbeatable network. Once you've done The Wagon, you'll come to a very close and enthusiastic community, which will always be there to guide you in your entrepreneurial choices, or to help you with a line of code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been thinking about following Le Wagon bootcamp since the day I heard about it. All the people that knew about it were unanimous. So when my school offered me the possibility to follow The Wagon bootcamp as part of my last year of studies, I didn’t... Read More really hesitate.All I can say is that I wasn’t disappointed. With all the expectations I had in the bootcamp, it still found a way to get me positively surprised.I really was eager to learn about coding, it’s really the field of study that motivated me. I wasn’t really thinking about my career, or that it would look good on my resume, it was all about learning something that I find deeply passionating.That is the thing with this bootcamp I guess, you find yourself in an environment that enhance that motivation. Everybody arounds you is also eager to learn and motivated (including the people actually working there). All the tools that Le Wagon developed are amazingly easy-to-use and help you get caught in the « game ».So yes, it is an intensive bootcamp, but you learn so much, and more importantly maybe, you enjoy all the process. Once it is finished, it is really when I realized all the things that I have learnt, the new way of thinking that I developed. All the pieces put themselves together, it is a great feeling.Also, Le Wagon’s ecosystem is impressive, all tech companies know about this formation and value it, it definitely opens many doors.The formation is amazing, the environment is amazing, the network is also amazing. I would do it again without any second thought !Read Less",le-wagon
"Right after my studies, I decided to join Le Wagon thanks to a training I did in San Francisco that got me interested in learning how to code.Honestly, I did not expect that I would love it that much !My goal was simple, I knew that our studies were missing... Read More an important thing. We were taught to launch projects, to run a company, to do marketing etc but nothing on the importance of the web and applications. Which company does not have a website, wether it is to introduce its activity or to interact with its users? For me, it was not possible to stop my studies there.It was 2 months where you learn many complex principles but with a very clear method. I was tough at times but after a while you get used to it and the logic falls into place.The teaching method is just perfect. A teacher introduces the important concepts, followed by hands-on exercices to practice with teaching assistants to help you out and a livecode at the end of the day. At the end of the 2 months, you have to create a real web app from scratch ! In the end, you get all the tools needed to succeed.However, it doesn't stop here. And to be honest, the most difficult part is after the training when you can feel lonely when facing problems by yourself without teachers around you. Le Wagon has well understood this and provides a real and strong community, with a lot of mutual help thanks to a super active Slack and coworking spaces. Thanks to all of that, I could live my ""post-bootcamp"" life up to my expectations. Because as developers, we never stop learning.Today, I am a freelance Fullstack developer and I launched a web agency on the side where work on the Back-end side. And as the web has no boundaries, I have been living abroad in different places across Europe and Asia for more than a year and I keep learning with online tracks such as React and vue.js.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always been attracted by the digital market, but I was a total neophyte in web developement. I was a business developer for a big company but I didn't really enjoyed my tasks. So I decided to ""change my life and learn to code"". This how I choose... Read More to attend Le Wagon. During this 9 weeks, I learned so much htat I can't believe I am now able to introduce myself as a web developer. Thanks to the lessons and the teachers, every students could easily share my opinion by saying Le Wagon is amazing !Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Marcus and I have an economics/finance background. After working in the financial market in Rio (my hometown) and in a global consulting firm both in Brazil and Australia, I decided it was time for a change - the idea of starting my own business... Read More to help solving one of Brazil’s many problems simply got stuck in my head. I quit my job in Australia and came back to Rio to start putting the plan to motion. Several months passed by and I was struggling to decide which idea to pursue. I was also not able to find a friend to be my technical cofounder. Then, a couple of friends suggested me to study at Le Wagon, as it would give me the basic skills to work on my mvp and meet people some amazing people. Sounded good, so I jumped in. The bootcamp was really good and I was gladly surprised with the amount of stuff I learned in such a short period of time. I also did meet a lot of interesting and fun people. :)Now I just started my own project (www.vagazap.com), a web app to help workers connect with companies with available jobs in a practical way. I would strongly recommend Le Wagon! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I enrolled at Le Wagon as part of my last year at HEC, in Entrepreneurship Major, where I wanted to acquire key technical skills and develop my product knowledge, two essential topics in order to launch a company and that are not really covered in business... Read More School.Le Wagon curriculum is extremely well constructed and interesting. Each day, you follow a new lesson before practicing with another student through exercices. The day ends with a ""debrief"" group. The days follow each other quickly, each focusing on a specific technical subject.It is a real pleasure (and a achievement!) To keep such a learning curve throughout the 9 weeks, in an incredible atmosphere of exchanges and mutual help.Since the end of the Wagon, I try to continue this learning through MOOCs or freelance work missions and intend to join a startup to become a product manager soonRead Less",le-wagon
"you would think the slogan is a bit cheesy for Le Wagon but they do in fact change lives. Mine was one of these, I would have never foreseen the amount of change that came into my life from taking a le wagon bootcamp.It has been 4 months since the end... Read More of my bootcamp in lisbon. I have been working in a family office fintech startup in brussels for the past 3 and a half months. One of my colleagues for the bootcamp final project liked my work and recommended me to his CTO, I had the job interview the day after the final bootcamp day, they rest is history and I haven't looked back yet. I really enjoy what I do, too much maybe, you could say. The need to adapt and figure things out as you go and the availability of this type of information on the web makes it a very interesting market to work in. Where as before I would struggle to pick up basic notions on these topics now I like the challenge of having to figure something out without any prior knowledge. We are building test driven api endpoints for a big contract and porting the whole app to a more segmented frontend backend microservices style one and this will involve getting into many fields and topics to study. We are now looking into graphql for the ease of development it brings to the front end development and the centralization of the routing in the backend.My background was slightly different than what you'd think would be a usual case of a student of a programming bootcamp, but it turns out a lot of people from different backgrounds are looking for things like this more and more. I would soon find this out when meeting the rest of the classmates. I was an ok student in high school, I did one year of economics college and just didn't like it so dropped out and went to work. It wasn't exactly as cut and dry as that, I was young and immature so a lot of this work involved more lying around and wasting away then actual work but suffice to say that I didn't have a degree and was bouncing around in low qualified jobs learning the ropes of life. at some point when I was 25 I got into cleaning up myself and my life so started to treat myself better, workout , read, etc. WHich led to being slightly obsessed about cooking healthy food which led me to cooking school and a small career as a cook. Worked in hotels, pop restaurants, coffee shops, all you could think of and even river cruises, all hard and challenging in their own way.I did always have in the back of my mind that I wanted to quench an old thirst of learning programming since my teens, all of it seemed very fascinating to me. At one point whilst working for a vietnamese pop up restaurant I signed up to volunteer for web summit. Back up a little.. My brother is a tour guide and he once had a tourist in one of his tours that ran a bootcamp similar to le wagin in barcelona, with former big tech employees the whole nine. He later told me about it and that the guy was interested in hiring my brother as a salesperson for him in portugal, the deal was that if he could sell 9 of them the 10th was free. My brother always looking out for me told me he owl give me the tenth. I was immediately fascinated with the prospect of such a thing as a bootcamp for programming, it was the first time i learned about the concept. I researched it a little but it was eye gouging expensive so there was no way with those crap jobs I had that I would have any money for it anytime soon. SO i parked the idea and filled it down in recesses of my mind. Back to web summit, when your there to meet a bunch of different people especially as a volunteer, I got to talking with this one volunteer and he was like so what's a cook doing at web summit. I told him I was itching to get into tech and was eyeing this super expensive bootcamp in barcelona but would have to park it for now, he just told me dude, i'm doing this bootcamp right here in lisbon and its way more accessible and a really good company. This was when I found out about le wagon, he told me about the local discount and the location and really brought home to me how great the organization and flow of it was. He was a former lawyer in brazil and had really no tech background nd told me it was fine for all types.As soon as I had a computer with internet connection in front of me I was researching about this new found discovery. I was hooked this was it I had to get into this, so then before next year's web summit I was already signed up for the fall bootcamp. The process was straightforward, I had to rush the interview tech challenge because I had a long trip planned to poland. Emily was super nice and made it very unintimidating, I paid the deposit and got the prepwork. It was a lot of prepwork but it was very important. I felt like I was paying for something I had been anticipating for along while and even though it was sometimes hard to grasp what I was learning in that prepwork I had to take it seriously and finish before the boot camp. I didn't take it with me to poland so when I came back 3 weeks before the bootcamp I was cramming all day and night. It's not something you can do in a week let me tell you, so take it seriously.The program had a good mix of organization and support, that was the thing that most stuck out to me over the months. It was really quite surprising, Kitt which is the internal exercise system they have was really impressive. The markdown they used made it a pleasure to read the exercises, eventually I felt excited to tackle the daily exercises. I was hooked, but the balancing act that the team plays with skill is managing to maintain a relaxed atmosphere whilst expecting so much from the students. In a sense it is almost self paced at least for the duration of that day then it resets the day after. Beer and dinner friday, getting to know the rest of the colleagues with pair coding. The model of morning lecture and then the rest of the day with tackling the exercises is perfect. I really enjoyed it, I couldn't know really how much I really had anticipated it. I had gone in with an open mind and no expectations, at worst it would give me closure at best it would catalyze my change of life and direction. When it got to the final project we already knew each other all very well, pair programming and the dinners had made sure of that. So I presented my idea, like anyone else who wanted to, no one was forced to do it, if you had an idea you could otherwise whatever. The voting system for these projects was another really impressive thing done with some sorting algorithm based on a bunch of data, all very high tech and once all the talks were down we had our teams. Turns out I didn't really know my team but we had a great idea and that was the cool thing.One of the team members, the one that would later recommend me to his boss. Worked for this startup and used trello but felt the need to get more visual feedback from it so that was the basis of his project idea, get more visual KPIs from a trello sprint board. All of these lingo was super foreign to me and even though I didn't know him I felt he had the most relatable real world idea. We had almost nothing to go with at the start, for almost half of the first week we almost did no coding just to figure out how we were going to get data from trello boards into our app. Straight from the go we were ambitious, we wanted to connect to trello api and get data from a aboard onto out app and then display it. Every step required a lot of fanning out from complete darkness and the unknown, from figuring out omniauth 2 factor authentication for trello. Reading through their documentation, we even landed on luck with a great ruby wrapper around the trello api which was very well written and thus a great lesson in ruby source code. Eventually we even tried to go beyond and get webhooks working that would send back to out callback endpoint any updates from the trello board, the glory and icing on the cake was having our team mate demo the app on trello, make some huge change in the cards and watch it change the statistics on our app. Very rewarding.Conclusion, learn to code and change your life, go to Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as a manager in a store and I wanted to change my career direction, so I decided to become a programmer.I attended to Le Wagon in Buenos Aires (Argentina) , it was a great decision. At first i could not believe that i will learn to code... Read More in just two months , but at the end is incredible all the things you learn. I pass from almost any knowledge of coding , to be able to build amazing webpages . The teachers at the bootcamp were amazing , they explain everything you ask and always with good predisposition. Even when I finish the bootcamp they continue helping me every time I ask.One of the best things is that when you finish the bootcamps you still have your alumni account where you have videos of the lessons and other videos that you can watch anytime you want. You also have a slack community that connects you with the wagoners all over the world. If anyone is looking for a bootcamp I highly recommend to take Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've always thought that web development is interesting, but never had the opportunity to embrace the learning journey as I dedicate my studies to Spanish literature,le Wagon Lyon gave me the opportunity to learn the basics of code,me,who never ever wrote... Read More or read a line of code before embracing le Wagon Lyon journey I am able now to develop a website in both back end and front end.At Le Wagon Lyon we didn't felt like at school but more like a community. It was a great experience, stressful at the beginning but totally worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was an amazing opportunity for me since Ive always wanted to learn how to code and had no clue how or where to start. The program is great time-wise because you learn how to code in only two months which I didn't even think could be possible.... Read More I attended ""Le Wagon"" Argentina and couldn't be happier for that decision. The teachers were amazing and really loved their job which made it even better because we got all the help we needed, and even now (after the course) every time we have questions they are there for us. After the two months me and two other more classmates decided to mount our own business in development. We now build webpages and web apps for other businesses acting as a web agency and consultancy company. It was the best investment Ive made this year to focus on learning to code full-time.And even better news; afterwards you still get to have your alumni account with millions of videos and a community in slack of all the wagoners! You get an infinite amount of job offers and projects all over the world.Read Less",le-wagon
"I wanted to learn how to code for a few years before I joined Le Wagon. This bootcamp was one of the best choices in my life. Coding is more than just being able to create a webpage and post it. It is a new way to think and imagine things in a broader... Read More way. Thanks to these new skills I'm now able to build and try any idea I got. Thanks again Le Wagon Montreal, it was a wonderful venture.Read Less",le-wagon
"I wanted to learn how to code for a few years before I joined Le Wagon. I tried to learn it myself by following online courses a few times, but each time I didn't manage to continue after a few weeks of trying. I actually already gave up on learning how... Read More to code until someone told me about Le Wagon. People were telling me that you will be able to build products only after 2 months. I was a little skeptical, because it sounded crazy, but then after talking with a few alumni I decided to give it a shot anyway, I just wanted to become a more technical product manager. The 2 months at Le Wagon were very intense. We were covering new topics everyday. It was overwhelming sometimes because you often feel you haven’t mastered the topics from the days before yet and you are already learning something new. Because everyone was in the same boat, we were able to help each other out and learn together. I think Le Wagon does it very well in selecting good teachers. Our teachers were able to make ‘boring’ topics fun, which makes it easier for us to understand. The last 3 weeks were project based, when we could build our own products with a team. For me this was the moment to apply everything we had learned and to experience how to work together in a tech team. Le Wagon doesn’t only focus on teaching students how to writing codes, they really prepare you to be problem solving in the tech world. Now after the camp, knowing how to code and being part of the alumni group, I feel that many doors have opened. The 2 months flew by so quickly and I was able to learn so many things in such a short time. For the people who are considering to join the camp, focus for 2 months, it is definitely worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a very positive experience at Le Wagon bootcamp batch #236 in Shanghai. Before the camp, I was the general manager of a consumer electronics distribution company, and I was looking to diversify my skills and knowledge in order to take the company... Read More to a higher level. There was never a dull moment in the camp as each hour of each day was engineered for maximum learning, and there were more days than not when I felt stretched way beyond the edge of my capabilities, but there is always support from staff and classmates so you can't get too lost. The camp culminated with 3 weeks of working in a team of 4, which was the most challenging and intense but also the most rewarding experience in the whole camp. We made an easy to use app to help seniors in China to get together and dance in the local parks, which has always been a popular national pastime but offline for the most part. Our team enjoyed working with each other so much, we remain good friends despite living in different countries and we will even compete in two hackathons this summer as a team. To others who are considering to join Le Wagon, I would recommend doing the pre-work 100% with all your focus. It's long, it's hard, but on week one everything takes off like a rocket ship and you want to have as much under your belt as possible before the 9 weeks journey begins.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon is an impressive experience for people like me who wants to learn to code ; in less than 3 months, we learn all what is necessary to well understand front-end, back-end and database issues. It's a very efficient way of learning with both theory... Read More and practise through exercices and usecases. All of them are also available online (for life for the alumni !). Le Wagon has skyhit all my targets and represents an essential asset in my everyday job as a tech entrepreneur and freelance consultant in digital transformation. I highly recommend the journey, it will change your professionnal life !Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from Law School, I joined a Business School because I was more and more interested in entrepreneurship. After graduating from Business School, I wanted to launch two web projects but I did not have enough technical skills. That's why... Read More I joined Le Wagon Paris : learning to code was a way to become autonomous, allowing me to create the first versions of the products I had in mind. At the beginning, I just saw Le Wagon as a step to achieve my goals. But it turned out to be much more than that!! I did launch my two projects but I also loved Le Wagon's experience so much that I am now a Teacher Assistant at Le Wagon Paris. Right now, I could not ask for a better job than teaching and working on my personal projects. Thank you so much to Le Wagon's team for this life-changing experience!!Read Less",le-wagon
"If you want to learn how to code in only nine weeks while living in one of the coolest cities in the world and also get to know some of the most intelligent and fun people I have ever met, Le Wagon in Melbourne is the perfect place for you. I had an amazing... Read More experience exploring coding for the first time in my life and this team and community is the best support you can get!Would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to get into coding!Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon bootcamp has been a real achievement.I didn't even expect heading to such a great experience when I signed in.I'm pretty sure It's not necessary to talk about the content, just come over and take the most of it; no matter what you want to do... Read More next : becoming a web developer, a product manager, an entrepreneur or just for your own culture…In fact, everything here is about sharing tech skills and experiences, especially because everyone here has a different background. The staff is amazing, from the first day to the last, you're never left alone. Moreover, thanks to a very sharp program, it's affordable to everyone to improve his skills step by step.I highly recommend this bootcamp to anyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"Ta review:The methodology is great, the project weeks are amazing to realize that we actually learned ton.Having read the reviews of former alumnis, I got exactly what I was expecting: my intention was to get enough tools to draft an idea, and then being... Read More able to interact efficienltly with developers the day I would launch my own projects. While I spent the first weeks doubting I could ever draft an app, the project week proved me wrong, and with the help of my teammates, class mates, and the community of le Wagon's alumnis, I am now confident I can do it! The methodology is impressively well done and well thought. The rythm (intense, without being overwhelming), the energy, the team, without forgetting the location, made that experience fit my high expectations, and I would definitely recommend anyone to choose le Wagon, and especially Le Wagon Rio, what a blast!Read Less",le-wagon
"I consider myself a creative person and I am a hard-worker energy engineer who wants a zero carbon future. I have spent the last 6 years applying innovation to sustainable energy and I came to the point where I realised my skills were not enough, they... Read More were not future-proof. On the one hand I was talking how the digital world was disrupting energy and I was selling this, however I had not idea how tech was actually achieving this disruption. On the other hand I have always had many ideas and I could not transform them in anything else but boring power points. I knew I needed to learn to code. A friend recommended Le Wagon. I spent weeks reading about Bootcamps, benefits, disadvantages, and I was surprised how many good reviews Le Wagon had, to be honest I was even a bit skeptical. And here I am writing my review… I am truly grateful for how much I learn in these 9 weeks, I was afraid of that black window called the Terminal which I had never used in my life, and today I can use 4 of those at the same time. I lead a team of 3 developers using Agile methodology, and I am really proud to say I am a tech energy engineer, I can speak the language and understand the challenges (APIs, data structures, TDD, etc.). Le Wagon truly changed my life for the better, I can prototype my very own ideas and is such a powerful skill. The bootcamp teaches you all what you need to keep learning. Their methodology, support, environment and good vibes makes it unique. No need to hesitate, just take the jump, it is worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon does live up to its slogan ""Change your life, learn to code"". I’m a oceanography student and a employee in a laboratory at Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro (UFRJ), one of the biggest universities in Brazil. I used to work basically with... Read More data analysis using Python, but we needed someone to work with I.T. One day I was sitting in my chair at my job and my boss just came to me asking if I would like to do Le Wagon (she knows that I love to code). In the beginning I was not really interested because the batch would start in my vacation (so no vacation...), but I started to search about the course and read reviews and then got excited! This was the time that I started batch #230 at Le Wagon in Rio de Janeiro. The bootcamp was hard, intense, painful and one of the best experiences in my life. The days that I spent at Le Wagon learning how to code can not be compared with anything. At the end of the batch, all students were amazed about what we could build with the knowledge acquired in the 9-week-program. Le Wagon will treat you as family and in the end you will look at classmates, teachers and staff in the same way. I will miss really hard Le Wagon, because you always miss your family. Thank you guys, for everything.Read Less",le-wagon
"It was absolutely a great experience to went to Le Wagon’s bootcamp in Rio de Janeiro this year. I have an Art and Literature background and I work in the Art field for a few years. I have two brothers that work in the tech field and I was always keen... Read More to know more about it. I love to practice creativity and building things, and despite it was a different field, that was still all about the same. At some point in my life I decided to take the chance and learn to code. I try to learn on my own but I was always lost and with that kind of sensation that I will have to reinvent the wheel. That’s when I came across Le Wagon; a friend was about to start a very good and intense programming course. I was ready to move to São Paulo and went to know Le Wagon’s office there, but then plans have changed and I decided to do in Rio.We’ve shared so many good moments during the batch, and I’ve made very good friends! It was amazing what we have done together. Lots of good memories. I am very grateful to be part of it!Read Less",le-wagon
"It was definitely an awesome experience. I can recommend blindly Le Wagon to everyone. The teaching method and intensive process make everything possible and, at the end of 9 weeks, it is amazing what we are capable to do! I loved the course, the Le Wagon... Read More way to teach and explore subjects, the intensive journey, but what I loved the most were the people and the networking that I hope to take forever &lt;3 I'm so impressed with my evolution and so grateful to LW :)Read Less",le-wagon
"A month after finishing Le Wagon’s bootcamp in Rio de Janeiro, all I can say about it is that it was a life changing experience! I have a law background and practiced law for a few years, but always had a love for technology and building new things. After... Read More some time, I decided that I needed a career change and that I wanted to learn to code. First, I decided to try learning purely on my own, with a complete self-learning approach using some of the online courses available today. I was a little bit lost, not knowing on what to focus and, in the end, a little frustrated with the pace things were moving. That’s when I came across Le Wagon. I was in Sao Paulo with a developer friend who had been a student there and he told me to go to Le Wagon’s office and I got really excited with what they presented to me. The batch in Sao Paulo had already started a week ago by that time, so I decided to do it in Rio. Two weeks later, there I was, on the first day of the bootcamp. I had no idea of how the next 9 weeks would be so intense both in learning and in pleasure of getting to know amazing people and understanding that I was completely right to change my career path and had found the right place to learn to code. It was incredible what we all could build after the bootcamp! 3 amazing apps from scratch to production! I feel very proud of being part of the Le Wagon family! Thank you all, guys!!Read Less",le-wagon
"The first day, was probably the third time opening a terminal in my whole life, by the end of the bootcamp I was merging pull requests on GitHub and pushing my PWA on Heroku. If you have no idea what I am talking about, that is exactly why you should... Read More join the bootcamp.Every day, I woke up wanting to go to class, wanting to learn…9 days straight, not so easy to have this motivation in University. And what is best is that you are surrounded by people that have the save anger to learn, paired with passionate teachers and TAs that are seriously there JUST because they love what they are doing. They are seriously amazing in understanding what is bugging you, how can they make it clearer, and they can repeat it 1000 times.You will start with Ruby, and by the second week you will be playing black jack against your laptop, then you might wander ok cool… but when will I move from the terminal, and that’s when they will teach you the front-end and the beauty that is on all the apps you are surrounded by, and you have no idea how they got created (you will, promised). And from there they will teach you a MVP is built, and then it will be your turn and you will challenging yourself to create something that is actually out there, on the world wide web, and it feels immensely empowering. After seeing engineers working their magic, I thought it would have been almost impossible for me to understand what they were doing… then I found le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"First of all, for the first time in Le Wagon history, ever we had majority female than male ratio in this batch :) Prior to attending Le Wagon bootcamp, I was working as a data analyst and data engineer in a mid-size e-commerce company. I studied information... Read More system in university, as I’ve always had huge interest in anything tech, but was too intimidated to take on a full computer science major then.While working in the data team, I was exposed more and more to the IT and programming world, and was looking to finally brush my fear aside, and dive fully into the technical world. I was looking at different big data analytics or data science programs, but felt I wasn’t ready to commit to a full-time one-year-long master degree. So I thought of Le Wagon bootcamp as a shortcut!It wasn’t an easy decision, because I’ve worked for years in data field, and I felt like doing the full-stack coding bootcamp is a quite a big shift. But I think I stopped thinking of this after day 3 of the bootcamp.I really enjoyed every single day of the camp, the instructors we had were really some of the most amazing, talented and passionate people in the industry, and they really tried to put down the textbook, and do lectures in the most entertaining and unconventional way! The format of the classroom is great, we’d have 1 - 2 hours lecture in the morning, and right after that we’d start doing our daily challenges with our buddy of the day.I must say they’ve really found a way to teach non-technical people into building a full web product. Instead of looking at it as “learning how to code”, which can be demotivating sometimes when you feel like your brain is just not capable, they guide you pass the coding and straight on to the end goal: to launch a web product, YOUR own product, in just 9 weeks time. I remember what an awesome feeling it was, when we started being able to put the backend side and the frontend side together to complete a full product.The bootcamp has really opened my eyes and a new path for me. At this very moment, I'm enjoying just coding and creating new products everyday, and it gives me freedom to work as a freelancer and getting involved in different startups. I still very much love data, and I think the skill I learned at the bootcamp boost my capability in different data engineering projects that I wasn't able to do before the camp.Last but not least, Le Wagon has such an amazingly tight community of alumni and teachers, and these people are there to help each other post-bootcamp, whether to help with programming questions, or to give advice on projects and career, or to just share freelance opportunities with fellow graduates.Read Less",le-wagon
"I highly recommend this bootcamp to anyone!I graduated as a Software Engineer in Belgium but before committing myself to a full-time job I wanted to have an experience abroad. So I joined batch #210 in Montréal and it was the best experience of my life!... Read MoreBefore the bootcamp, I wasn't sure if I was going to learn anything in the first couple of weeks, because those were all about the basics of programming. But boy was I wrong! My prior knowledge of coding gave me the opportunity to learn how to explain stuff that seems easy to me, to someone who never heard of it prior to the morning lecture of that day. And that definitely helped me to improve as a programmer. The bootcamp also provides optional challenges which are quite challenging, even for programmers with experience.But as the weeks progressed, I realized that Le Wagon is about so much more than just coding. The bootcamp taught me a lot about teamwork, helping each other out, realizing what you don't know and how to let others help you with what you don't know. And most importantly it taught me how to transform an idea into a product you can proudly present in only 2 weeks with people you've only known for 1,5 month. That's the magic of Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has been an awesome experience. The teachers have been amazing and unbelievably supportive, I could slack them night or day and I know they would get back to me. As a future student, I’ve found Le Wagon to be a great step before University, the... Read More bootcamp has made me not only think more about what career I would like to do in the future but also think more about the business side of life. I now feel more like I’m learning with a purpose than just learning because I love the subject, which massively increases my motivation to learn about what I love. Post Le Wagon, I feel more prepared for life at University, the Le Wagon mentality is ‘work hard, play hard’ and that’s the philosophy I intend to take with me to University.Read Less",le-wagon
"The experience was short but intense. I am impressed of all that we learned in only 9 weeks !!! The vibes was great, and it was fun to learn, even though there were times when I felt like my head was going to explode :). I would do it again without hesitation... Read More !Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is an extraordinary experience, 9 intensive weeks that pass at lightning speed. I am an alumni of the 200 batch 2018 in Paris.After 6 years worked for Carrefour France, I always wanted to go further and understand what was happening behind the... Read More projects once in the hands of technology &amp; developers. I was in charge of the ecommerce for the fresh products (bakery, fruits and vegetable, fish shop…).For this reason and to facilitate my interactions with teams of developers, I decided to join Le Wagon.A few months after the end of Le Wagon I joined xo7, a french startup, to be one of their product manager. In addition to that, I took the opportunity to create an online poster sales company just for fun.I really recommend everyone to do this bootcamp: it's the best experience to train, progress, understand, launch your project, iterate, and calmly tackle any new project, not just technical. The quality and relevance of the training is a real plus, as is the alumni network and the global community of Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing a 5-year job as international sales director for an international media agency in several countries across Africa, Asia, LATAM and the Middle East, I decided to take a little break, come back to my hometown Barcelona and learn new skills.... Read MoreUnderstand and learn how to code was something that I had in mind for too long, and finally found some time to commit for the crazy 9-week bootcamp. I came across with Le Wagon thanks to one family member who is a developer, who said it will fit more my business background. And he couldn’t have been more right. I found Le Wagon the perfect bootcamp to start learning how to code due to its methodology, developments tools and commitment of its teachers and TA’s. I was especially amazed by its kitt and online platform we used every day to learn Ruby, OPP, Data Base, Front End and Rails. The platform is very intuitive, and it’s remarkable because it allows each student to learn at its own path.I can only say I had a great time in Le Wagon Barcelona and with my peers from the batch 231. The atmosphere during the 9 weeks with people from other countries and different backgrounds but the same commitment and passion was a highlight.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended le Wagon a year ago, and I'm so glad I did !Le Wagon is a very intense learning experience, the first weeks especially are quite challenging. Yet, that's only because you are learning so much from it.The curriculum is very well designed, you're... Read More making immense progress throughout the 9 weeks. Because you're being paired with a different student every day, you're able to think through problems differently and to help each other grow.It's also a great social experience. You get to meet people from very different backgrounds with an entrepreneurial mindset. What I liked about le Wagon, on top of everything, is that it's not just pure theory, there's also a real project at the end. It gives you great tools that you'll be able to use in your everyday job life.All the experience I've gained from le Wagon has been very useful to me in my product role. I definitely recommend le Wagon to anyone who has an interest in the tech scene and/or in a technical or semi-technical role.Read Less",le-wagon
"I don't see even one default, I enjoy everything from the lecture to the buddy system and the level of the TA (and Joy miso soup)Good, very good staff, their principal quality I think was their dedication, their fun, and their willingness to help us.... Read More Most of them inspire me to develop my skills and become as good as them.Read Less",le-wagon
"The thing I loved most were the teachers who were seriously interested in my learning. The ones who showed up hour+ before lecture and stay til 10pm+ to answer questions. These were most often the same teachers that would spend significant time outside... Read More of class, for instance going to meals or the beach or other activities, with the students. It was during these bonus times that I really felt like I learned the mentality of a successful programmer. Also during these times I forged the bond with teachers that allowed me to feel totally comfortable to ask deep questions over and over until I really understood the wide framework needed to build Rails projects from start to finish!Read Less",le-wagon
"I've been researching the market, before joining LeWagon. A lot of shiny advertisement. Some were really too good to be true, while LeWagon, as I can see now, has been hugely underadvertised.Guys have developed a whole workflow and set of products to... Read More help in the learning process, as well as to maintain highest level of education, within shortest possible time. The experience has been accumulated for years and available to every branch - traveling teachers (each expert with practice in their field), TAs both local and traveling, great online community (real one, alive and kicking).It was worth every penny.Read Less",le-wagon
"At the end of Law School and after various experiences in law firms and legal departments, I felt very frustrated to only glimpse the possibilities offered by tech solutions, but being unable to neither develop them nor even understand exactly who to... Read More talk to or what was feasible.I attended Le Wagon bootcamp hoping that it would give me the keys to understanding the world of development, useful in the future profession of lawyer in which I was projecting myself.Not only was I absolutely not disappointed, but it brought me much more than that: by the quality of the speakers, the richness of the courses, the completeness of the course offered to us and the diversity of the people I met, it is actually my whole perspectives that changed.After Le Wagon, I joined Seraphin.legal, a French company of the Legal Tech ecosystem: at the crossroads of law and code, we design and develop tech solutions for legal professionals.Read Less",le-wagon
"""I came to Le Wagon looking to change direction from a career in teaching. Whilst I loved my previous job I was searching for a means of increasing my potential to create change; in short, I wanted the empowerment of having a hard skill that would allow... Read More me to build something scalable. I was not sure whether I wanted to continue to work in education after the course, but I was confident that Le Wagon would open my eyes to opportunities in tech, allowing me to make an informed decision on the direction to take with my new skills.I was not disappointed. Throughout the course we were not only equipped with the technical skills needed to become a web developer (with lessons delivered in a logical, clear and structured way), but our learning was enriched by a busy program of talks, lectures, and events which aimed to educate us about the inner workings of the world of tech and how to get ahead in it. This, above all, I found extremely helpful as a total newbie to the sphere. I feel it gave me a great head start when searching for jobs and securing my first role after completing the course""Another great thing about the course was the fun, social element. I feel that I have built a network of friends and fellow web developers who will be there to support my career for the long run. The benefits of Le Wagon don't end at the end of the course- the learning continues through the amazing online platform, with reams of helpful information, tutorials and cheat sheets and loads of helpful people ready to answer your questions on anything, be they technical or professional. I couldn't recommend Le Wagon enoughRead Less",le-wagon
"As an entrepreneur with no technical background, joining Le Wagon in Barcelona was one of the best decisions I could have made. The program is very intense, but I never imagined I could learn and create so much in such a short time.During the first weeks... Read More of the bootcamp, we focus on learning the ruby language and understand the basis of programming. We then dive into front-end coding (HTML, CSS and JavaScript) and get all the tools to build great looking designs. Finally, we learn how to use Rails. Rails is an amazing framework that uses the Ruby language to allow you to build powerful and scalable web app in no time!One of the highlights of the bootcamp is the final project where you get to pitch an idea, get a team, and actually code and deploy a real app from A to Z. In my team, each of us were coming from very different background and countries (Argentina, Bulgaria, Spain and Syria) and we got to learn a lot from working together.I think one particularity that Le Wagon has over other bootcamps is its focus on conveying an entrepreneurial mindset. In Barcelona, aside of coding, we learn about agile methodology and how to deliver great and effective user experience.To sum up: if you want to switch career and become an innovative full-stack developer, or if you are an entrepreneur who wants to speak the language of developers and scale your business, don’t think twice. It’s a transformational journey and a true investment for your future.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, coding seemed impossible for me and I could not imagine that it would be that fun to learn. Le Wagon has a great teaching format where practice is the success key. You quickly see your progress and it keeps you motivated throughout the... Read More intensive 9-week bootcamp. The cherry on the top was to see how much I could achieve during my final project. With my coding buddy, we created an entire website where you shop recipes instead of ingredients. Being able to code this website from the database schema to the fancy Javascript effect was really rewarding and has impressed many of my friends!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 3 years working in retail and marketing I wanted to start my own company but I had no coding skills... So I decided to join Le Wagon to have an overview of all what code is and to improve my tech skills. I wasn’t disappointed. After only 9 weeks... Read More of learning, 9 weeks of laughing, 9 weeks of drinking beers with startup partners, I’m now able to build an entire working website and I have a better idea of what I want to do!! I’m currently passing job interviews in tech startups and in the meanwhile I’m TA at Le Wagon Paris. Thanks a lot Le Wagon !Read Less",le-wagon
"These nine weeks were an amazing experience.It’s very impressive how much they manage to teach us in such a short time.The whole team is passionate about what they do, which makes it really inspiring to work and exchange with them about coding or personal... Read More projects.It was one of the best intellectual and personal experiences I’ve had , and I can’t recommand it enough to anyone who has an interest in coding.They have made coding accessible and sexy Thanks you Le Wagon !!!Read Less",le-wagon
"After working 1 year in a startup as a growth hacker, I realized that I lacked skills in web development to progress in my job. It was difficult to know how to start to learn these skills, so I decided to join Le Wagon, the best web development bootcamp.... Read MoreDuring 9 weeks, I learned the basics of web development (Ruby, CSS, MySQL ...) with other beginners like me and... It was an amazing and intense experience !Today, with this new skills, I am better at communicating and managing developers at work. Moreover, I am more independent and productive at work, for my personal project, ectRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I worked most of my career as an Investment Banker in Mergers and Acquisitions and in Financial Advisory. After 10 years of work experience, I decided that I wanted a change to a Tech / Startup environment, and in both environments... Read More software is driving most of the innovation and is where most of the value added comes from.I started researching coding bootcamps, and one of my best friends, the founder of a very successful Brazilian startup, Loggi, recommended me Le Wagon.I could not have been more satisfied with Le Wagon, the program is very well designed, very quick paced and fully delivers on its promise of transforming ideas in products. The full stack development bit means we learn everything from web design, databases, APIs, and back-end development; and as such it gives all the necessary tools to be able to transform any idea, in a fully functional app I’m pretty sure that even if I don’t work directly with web development, my skills you be amazingly helpful on my future job prospects.Lastly, I did Le Wagon in Bali which is an absolutely incredible place to do it, from the amazing staff, amazing friends that I made, to the unbelievable lifestyle that the island offers, I would definitely choose it over again!Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a business background, I worked with automization and digitization in multiple internships. However, what that actually entails was always a blackbox to me. Hence, I wanted to gain an in-depth understanding of how coding works and how I could... Read More use these skills in a business, be it as an entrepreneur or advisor to companies. I particularly enjoyed that the curriculum is adaptive, meaning that you will always be challenged no matter what level of coding proficiency you have before or throughout the coding camp.My personal highlights were the demo day and starting to rebuild Airbnb. In the week in which you program your own Airbnb you realize how much you have learnt and how everything, front- and backend are comning together. The demo day is an amazing feeling of taking an abstract idea and building a full-fledged product in two weeks and presenting this to a crowd of &gt;100 people. In these moments you truly realize that LeWagon is worth the time and resources you put in.Barcelona is a great city and a good combination of beaches, a vibrant startup community and amazing food. The team running the camp is very engaged in helping you succeed in coding but also ensuring that you are bonding with your batch and having a great time in Barcelona.Think about what you expect to get out of the boot camp and validate your expectations with the team in the interview process.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a product and entrepreneurial background - I wanted to learn to code to up-skill myself technically so I could both work with engineers more effectively and validate new product ideas quickly. I am someone who needs to understand the core... Read More theory behind what I’m working on in order to fully grasp and expand upon it and that’s exactly what the Le Wagon curriculum and program format enabled. The majority of your days throughout the course are spent on challenges which enables you to practice what you’ve been taught but also instills in you an engineering mindset which is based on a strategizing, executing and testing iteration loop. From my experience, the most important part of learning to code is getting comfortable with failing and the process of learning from that failure which is exactly what the Le Wagon format instills in you. I would highly recommend the course to anyone who is both looking to transition careers but also open themselves up to a new way of approaching problems.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is an extraordinary experience, 9 intensive weeks that pass at lightning speed. I am an alumni of the 146 batch of spring ‘18 in Paris.After 4 years of lead generation for a subsidiary of a cac 40 company, I always wanted to go further and understand... Read More what was happening behind the projects once in the hands of technology &amp; developers.For this reason and to facilitate my interactions with teams of developers, I decided to join Le Wagon.A few months after the end of Le Wagon I joined Skello, a french startup founded by former Le Wagon alumni to create and structure the Marketing BU.I really recommend everyone to do this bootcamp: it's the best experience to train, progress, understand, launch your project, iterate, and calmly tackle any new project, not just technical. The quality and relevance of the training is a real plus, as is the alumni network and the global community of Le Wagon.In short it is the best experience of my last years :)Read Less",le-wagon
"A 9 week-program is intense but totally worth it. Do not hesitate.Regarding the program : - great content and great platform (kitt) - you can access the content after having finished the program --&gt; to keep practicing and learning- first three weeks are... Read More intense but then you get into the rythm- no need to know how to code before starting the program. The level is more or less even between the students at the end of the 9 weeksRegarding the people : - teachers and staff have different backgrounds which means rich and diverse encounters. They are all accessible, patient and can become good friends- same thing for the students : diverse backgrounds which is great to broaden your horizons and perspectives on how to do / think things.Regarding the network : - the alumni network is extremely active via slack- by active I mean : job search / tech awareness / dev tips / ...  I have a strategy consulting background and wanted to study at Le Wagon to acquire tech skills to :1/ Be autonomous to ship small products / concepts 2/ Understand what tech people I work with are talking about==&gt; the program totally matched and surpassed my expectations!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon truly changed my life. I was finishing my studies and hadn't any idea what to do next. One month after finishing Le Wagon, I was hired as front-end developer at IBM Watson. Le Wagon gave me the opportunity to understand and create products from... Read More A to Z. I am now creating a debate plateform: http://logora.fr which couldn't have been without the amazing bootcamp offered.Read Less",le-wagon
"I followed the wagon right after my Business School. Thanks to le wagon's pedagogy, I learnt fast how to code and get the most valued skills in the job market today.More than hard skills, I also learnt a new way to learn and build products. I met great... Read More people there and I'm still using this network today, composed by amazing wagoners.Now, I'm a product manager and even if I'm not a web developer, I do recommend it to any curious person.In 2019, learning to code is accessible to anyone and no longer reserved for men graduated from engineering schools, Le Wagon offers to anyone this opportunity, it's up to you to seize it ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"I loved the concept of doing some code with a buddy during the day and having a website where there were all courses and more to learn code. I learnt a lot about ruby and web thanks to this bootcamp and if I have to do it again, it will be a great pleasure.... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
"Attending Le Wagon in London (batch #222) is one of the best career decisions I have ever made. Having the interest in programming and data, I have been scouting around different coding schools in the city. I have previously attended Flat Iron’s part-time... Read More course but wasn’t getting much out of it as they lack teaching support in the London campus and the syllabus wasn’t ready when they launched in the summer of 2018.The bootcamp life isn’t easy but Le Wagon has the best resources. They have a closely-knit network where everyone genuinely enjoy programming and the community is their key to success. The instructor, TAs, and staff go above and beyond to help you and pay close attention to everyone’s progress and guide us through the journey. The first weeks of bootcamp was really difficult - lecture started at 9 sharp everyday and we worked on various problem sets for the rest day until 5:30 when we started live coding (the lead teacher will pick one student to code in front of the class and of course providing guidance as well). Our typical day ends around 6:30/7pm depending on the workload and it was mentally and physically challenging. After 9 weeks of intense learning, we’re equipped with working knowledge of a junior developer.Overall, my time at Le Wagon was extremely rewarding and enjoyable. I would not hesitate to recommend anyone who’s considering a career change to tech.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I spent 4 years working as a Graphic Designer / Art Director in New York / Philadelphia but have consistently felt dissatisfied with the day-to-day. A career in front-end web development seemed like a logical expansion of my skill set,... Read More so last fall I began researching bootcamps. I quickly realized that a full stack program would leave me with the most options afterwards and allow me to explore all aspects of web development without keeping me in the “designer” box.I chose Le Wagon for a few reasons:1. Le Wagon is a fraction of the cost of most U.S. programs but offers the same education, value, and outcome.2. The application process was approachable and unpretentious. The staff seemed interested in getting to know me personally and selecting individuals who would fit the culture.3. It’s tailored to beginners. Most people have no coding experience going into it.4. It’s highly rated and reviewed by alumni which is telling not just for the quality of education but also the culture.5. I knew if I wanted to go to a full-time bootcamp I would have to leave Philly for a few months so I would be lying if I said the opportunity to travel was not a huge part of why I chose Le Wagon Barcelona.And thank god I did because it was a great experience and an ideal learning environment. I liked that the first few weeks are dedicated to learning and truly understanding Ruby, that the work was both individual and collaborative (and extremely hands on), the exercises were challenging but actually so fun, the teachers and TAs were encouraging, helpful and patient, the community was strong and diverse in terms of professional background and interests, and I left with the experience, motivation and toolkit to build web applications from the ground up.Le Wagon was exactly the experience I was looking for and I’m extremely grateful to have had it! Would definitely recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"I am super grateful to the whole team at Le Wagon! Super impressed by the teaching – the curriculum as well as the techniques and the teachers' skills – and organization. You can totally tell that they're super professional without ever getting boring.... Read More Communication and spirit are great, everyone is super open, fun but – as already said – professional at the same time. It's A LOT to learn, your brain gets fried on a daily basis but it's worth it and you learn so much along the way – also about yourself! In the end they really encourage to coach you in finding a job so you know you're not alone out there.Read Less",le-wagon
"Upon finishing my Bachelor in Histoy at UCL, I found myself at a slight loss possessing no clear career path but a strong desire to diversify my education and widen my professional experiences.When a friend informed me of Le Wagon, this immediately appeared... Read More to me as the perfect first step to kickstart my graduate life. Having always been intrigued by the technology industry but having never had the opportunity to complete any tech-related studies, I was delighted to find an intense program which offered a comprehensive introduction to this thriving industry. The bootcamp’s short duration and focus on expanding not only one’s technical skills but also one’s network aligned perfectly with my desire to obtain a well-rounded initial insight into the world of technology and startups.Furthermore, wanting to travel and experience new cultures, the fact that Le Wagon offered their course in a multitude of major cities attracted me all the more to their program. Deciding to join Le Wagon in Paris, I can safely say that the high expectations I had upon starting the formation were completely surpassed during the 9 weeks. The wealth of knowledge I gained went far beyond simply learning how to code. The insight into entrepreneurship and start-up dynamics coupled with the exposure to an incredible selection of open-minded individuals from all walks of life meant that I spent some of the best months of my life in a highly sociable and stimulating environment. As cliché as this may all seem, I cannot praise the structure and values of Le Wagon enough. Even if you do not envisage yourself as a professional coder, you will gain invaluable information on the technology industry, which is increasingly omnipresent in our day-to-day lives. Upon finishing the bootcamp, I was offered a job in a thriving French tech-startup, which would have most likely been impossible without the skillset and career assistance I obtained at Le Wagon. I would therefore truly recommend this bootcamp to any curious, open-minded individual who wants to better understand the prevalent world of technology in highly sociable and exciting conditions.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon (or better known as “the Carriage”) is a gleaming triumph of modern-day education in an otherwise bleak and hapless era for education’s role as an engine for social mobility. Le Wagon is not just a 9-week bootcamp: it is a fast-track for anyone... Read More with the drive for self-betterment to become a fullstack developer capable of solving any problem, work at any company, and truly make a positive impact on our world.As for the instruction, I can honestly say that I have never seen a group of more dedicated, thoughtful, and patient instructors than at Le Wagon. I took computer science courses at UC Berkeley (where I got my undergraduate degree in Business), and even the teachers at the #2 Computer Science program in the United States did not compare to the ones at Le Wagon.As for the resources and classroom materials, Le Wagon has assembled an incredibly robust and intuitive bank of online knowledge that allows students to learn each concept at their own pace. On top of this, they include an amazing depth materiels, so if you find a topic that you like, you can nerd out with the best resources that the internet has to offer.As for the alumni network, Le Wagon has a vibrant online community of alumni who are willing to help and are constantly posting with new freelance and company-based opportunities.One thing that I want to emphasize, however, is that Le Wagon does not make you into an incredible developer. It gives you every tool that you need to become an incredible developer. At the end of the day, the bootcamp is not a graded class. You can do nothing, and learn nothing. But I can tell you - those who worked hard, savored every minute of the class, and took advantage of every single resource now have a completely different trajectory in life.Are you ready? Because for those who are, Le Wagon is truly a life changing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I participated in Le Wagon Bootcamp for the January 2019 batch, so I am fresh alumni.The front wagon:Before the Bootcamp I spent three years in financial audit, but I needed to find another field.I had heard about the training through a friend who participated... Read More and never saw code before that.The only thing I had seen approaching a tiny bit of code was Excel formulas (so more or less nothing).The pendant wagon:I found the training very well strated. The pedagogical model was very well thought out (from my point of view) because we are given at the beginning of the day, during a 1h30 course, the main elements for succeeding the exercises of the day.It is very intensive, but the exercises of the day are made to challenge the students while still having the opportunity to get help from the speakers.I would say that we learn a logic rather than a simple language, coming out of Le Wagon we know what to look for, how to and where to look for information.The after wagon: After Le Wagon I got directly into self-employed (freelance), I was helped for this and for my first missions by the members of Le Wagon present in the facilities.We have access to the facilities for a month after the training in order to be guided and helped for our beginnings, whether it be as a developer or as a job search or in development of a personal project. Many interventions during the wagon had also allowed the post-wagon possibilities to be slightly enlarged.To summarize, I loved learning enormously, working as a team and feeling supported, and above all being challenged daily for 9 weeks.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined the Wagon thanks to a friend, Nicolas Schweitzer, who followed the program a year ago.I’ve been doing the same job for almost 10 years, and I’ve been going around for a while. So I signed up. The goal was not directly to change career. I have... Read More always been interested in coding and have taken some basic courses on Khan Academy (HTML, CSS).So my work agreed to free me on weeknights so I’d be able to follow the lessons of the Wagon. I have all been seduced by the field and especially Le Wagon pedagogy. The course of the days is well thought out and allows to progress quickly.In the end, out of Le Wagon, I asked for my contractual resignation. Left my job at the end of April, I have a few days as a TA at Le Wagon Paris. I want to continue to train myself (I did the track REACT and do two days this week on VUE JS in a school called SFEIR), and I’d like to try to work freelance to see where it goes.To summarize: I did 10 years in a great job that brought me a lot. Le Wagon arrived at the right time to give me the impetus to change. To be honest, I dive a little into the unknown but I have the chance not to be forced to resume an activity directly, suddenly I have time to train and I hope that Le Wagon will allow me to evolve in this new activity.Read Less",le-wagon
"One of the most amazing experience of my academic life! The 9-week programm is intense and challenging, and really well designed. Making significant progress day after day makes us feel so proud!In addition, the peer learning mindset, the great number... Read More of events (inspiring talks, networking, parties...) and the quality of the academic team have also contributed greatly to make this learning and human experience highly valuable!After almost one year, I can experience every day the benefits of Le Wagon bootcamp. I strongly recommend, and I would do it again any time!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 3 years in business development in startups, I was frustrated not to understand the code behind tech products so I did Le Wagon! It was a learning blast! I constantly learned during 9 weeks and I really appreciated the mutual assistance from co-workers... Read More and alumni. I had the image of solo developers and was surprised by the team spirit. I also found it really playful to solve problems and had the opportunity to pitch my project about employee perks and to construct a MVP with a great team. I have now new skills to use so as to have a Growth mindset!Read Less",le-wagon
"Undoubtedly one of the best training I applied for.Le Wagon brought me at the same time a knowledge and a community to learn with, even if I did not aim to be a dev myself.",le-wagon
"I just finished a marketing master before starting Le Wagon coding bootcamp.I heard a lot of good reviews about them but I didn't expected that.It was AMAZING! The team, teachers, people there, are fantastic. It was so good that I almost cry at the end... Read More (sound like sex experience but suceed in code is not so far from that ahah)Today, I'm freelance as a COO of an Agency and Le Wagon and the slack give me this job. Also it gaves me so many opportunities.This is the best decision you can make in your life.When you know how to code, the world is yours.Read Less",le-wagon
When I started my 9 weeks course at Le Wagon Paris I had never studied any programming language before. I found the teachers good and skillfull and It was interesting to work every day with classmates from very different professional backgrounds.The program... Read More was very challenging and before entering I never thought it would be possible to learn so much in only 9 weeks. Experiencing Le Wagon gave me new perspectives for my future.Read Less,le-wagon
"I decided to learn coding primarily because I was paying coders to code my own projects and honestly I had little to no idea what they were doing, what was taking them so long and why I was paying them SO MUCH! After a few years of employing them I figured... Read More I needed to learn a lot more or else I'd probably spend a lifetime having other people code my visions. So I signed up for the bootcamp to learn how to code but also to learn how to manage coders I contracted. It was an amazing experience from start to finish! You were completely immersed in coding and Le Wagon makes you feel like your being welcomed into a family across the globe. A family of coders of course. They allowed you to move at your own pace. If you were coding for the first time they made sure you kept up with the pace of the class and if you caught on quick they ensured you never ran out of new material and challenges for you to work on. They pretty much gave you the opportunity to learn whatever you wanted. It was an endless learning experience in the class room and the possibilities simply expanded when you stepped into the city of Barcelona. I choose Barcelona because it is one of the best places to drink wine in the world, I have always been intrigued by Spanish culture and rumor has it Barcelona is a great place to party. The city easily delivered all that and more the entire 9 weeks I was there. And most importantly it fosters an environment for creativity and freedom of self expression. It reigns high as my favorite place in the world right now. My favorite part of the curriculum was that this coding class had an entrepreneurial twist to it. So in addition to the technical skills to code I took information away on how to start a business and go about launching a product. That was one of the most valuable things I learned. The best part of the entire course was the people I got to be around and work with. So my advice to anyone considering it is don't hesitate, take on adversity head first, find every new experience you can and live in it to the fullest, it's 9 weeks that will last you a lifetime get everything you can from it. Oh and try a Catalonia Tempranillo while you're at it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting Le Wagon in Montreal in January 2019,, I was working a standard part-time job as an administrative assistant and graphic designer. Feeling I needed a change in my career, I was intrigued when I heard about Coding Bootcamps from a loved... Read More one. After reading the reviews wondering if it was too good to be true, and discussing it with loved ones, I decided to enroll in Le Wagon in my hometown. One thing I have to say is that before you go, prepare yourselves as much as you can (The prepwork comes in handy), and take time off work to devote yourself to the prepwork and curriculum (I left my job a few weeks before the start of this program, and it was a big help as you need to have a fresh brain for this new endeavor). The more prepared you are, the easier it gets.The first few weeks are overwhelming, and you start doubting yourself, but once you put yourself through it, work on the issues, and get used to the work, it works wonders. The work, as described by professors, was described as “Training your brain to learn a new language and a new way of working”, and similar to getting a degree in Computer Science. The teachers and TAs (Teachers Assistants) were awesome as well, as quite a few of them have been through the process themselves and understand what the students go through, so don’t feel as if you are being graded or judged. While it is a marathon, and a lot to learn, they will understand if you feel like there are times where you cannot learn any more or your brain is full. You will also always have a buddy learning with you, whether it is during assignments, or on final projects (Groups of 3-4 people). The learning system was pretty awesome as well and the flashcards and lectures were extensive. Overall, it was a great experience and I highly recommend it to people.Now, I am in process of job searching in this new field of Web Development, trying to develop my portfolio further, and extending my learning further. A few pieces of advice: Take things one day at a time, take small breaks when you need to recuperate, always do your flashcards, don’t feel you have to know everything because no one knows everything, and ask for help when you need it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Deciding to attend Le Wagon Montreal was one of the best career decisions that I've ever made. Like everyone else, I had the option of choosing from various other bootcamps making all sorts of claims, and honestly, I was just looking for a well-reputed... Read More coding school that would be effective at teaching and was easy on the wallet. I also did not want to feel cheated out of my money after completing the course, so I began looking up bootcamp after bootcamp and I took my time to look up online-reviews. It was during my research that I discovered Le Wagon. Every person that I've reached out to regarding Le Wagon were all RAVING with positive reviews. Every review I read spoke of an amazing experience that sounded incredible. I couldn't believe it. Every single review? How could it be? My interests deepened as I went to their website and continued to search through-out their curriculum. Something about Le Wagon stood out to me. It felt more entrepreneurially-oriented than the others, which was exactly what I was looking for. I wanted to feel empowered with skills and knowledge that I would be able to use from home and also be equipped with all the tools that I would need. I did not want to simply be able to go job hunting after completing the course. I wanted to be able to start projects on my own. And that is when it happened... The Decision. I chose Le Wagon and it changed my life.The benefits you get with Le Wagon are real-world necessities. If you have absolutely no coding experience or background, Le Wagon is the bootcamp for you. They provide you with LIFETIME assistance on their KITT platform, and yes, the Alumni and Teachers are active on there. You will have access to valuable information, be able to review information you may have forgotten and discover so much more about the world of coding. They even provide a Career Playbook for you to follow if you decide to make coding a career and they keep you informed about possible job openings and opportunities, whenver available.The culture at Le Wagon MTL is amazing. We did activities together, went out to eat and drank with each other and even did yoga (I've never done yoga before this). We also have Happy Hours on Fridays when we drank beer and ate pizza. We even sang Happy Birthday for students whose birthdays were during the course. I really felt like a part of the Le Wagon MTL family and community, and that's priceless for students. It is like I always have someone that I can reach out to, if I'm ever in need of help. I am never alone, being part of the Le Wagon. And oh, before I forget... if you enjoy a hot cup of coffee in the morning, Le Wagon offers unlimited cups of coffee. YAY for me.The bootcamp itseft is intense, so it may feel difficult in the first couple of weeks, but please trust the process. They have a curriculum that builds you in every aspect, not simply teaching you how to code. They provide you with everything you need to succeed and I urge you to take full advantage of everything they will recommend. On KITT, you will have access to Flash Cards to study after class to help you retain what you've learned and alsohave access to pre-recorded videos previewing the next day's lecture. The TA's (Teacher Assistants) are knowledgeable and they enjoy what they do. What I love the most is that, if you're stuck on a challenge and have a question, once you put in a ticket, they won't just utter the answer to your question. They push you to think and develop a way of thinking that will be of benefit to you in more ways than just coding. In doing so, Le Wagon provides the skills that prepare you for the real-world, such as problem-solving skills and product management and design. You really learn a lot about yourself. I've pushed myself in ways I never imagined. I interviewed a speaker that came to one of the Wagon Talks (it is voluntary), and I also had to pitch an idea, code it from scratch and present it on Demo-Day... our final day of the bootcamp, in front a huge audience.The working space at Le Wagon MTL is awesome. The people are very polite and treat everyone with respect and it is about 10mins of walking distance from the nearest metro station. They have great food available within walking distance as well.In a nutshell, Le Wagon is more than a 9 week coding bootcamp. Le Wagon is a community of friendly coders you can always count on, whenever problems arise.Read Less",le-wagon
"I heard about LeWagon from my brother, as I needed to find a new career path since I had to quit my previous job due to health issues. At first, I was hesitant to attend LeWagon or any other coding bootcamp of any sort, because I thought it was just learning... Read More strictly about coding all day long - I didn't want ""TO DO THAT"" all the time: I really needed the opportunity and the chance to think like an entrepreneur because I want to start a business eventually. And as a Japanese who grew up in the United States, attending LeWagon was just the right choice and what I needed out of my life after immersing most of my career in the Japanese business world - being in a multi-national and multi-cultural environment, using the most out of the networking opportunities out there, along with thinking like an entrepreneur, while learning to create web application through Ruby and Ruby on Rails. The first three weeks of Ruby was hard for me, especially having experience with web design, visual arts, and performing arts, where more and more creative approach is necessary compared to logical thinking. Even though I struggled with the back-end, one of the teachers was nice to point out that some of us have strength in either or sometimes both. There are 3-5 exercises each day, working and helping with a classmate. There could be a pressure to complete it all (there could be one or two that can be ahead simply because of their prior experience in coding or can understand the logic of Ruby quick), but you can always come back to the exercises later. (I'm writing this review a month after finishing LeWagon - Tokyo, and I've been able to absorb more Ruby and Ruby on Rails because I can access all the materials even after completing the 9 week course - I just need a good extra time to understand the logic of Ruby!).The final project was definitely a great experience as well - we first come up with a project idea by ourselves, then pitch it in front of the class, even though only a few is selected. Yet, coming up with my own project idea and working with the team definitely gave me a head start into what entrepreneurship is like. I am a person filled with ideas, often want to make my ideas into product. The teachers were helpful in leading us to make the project into ""product"". Without attending LeWagon I don't know how I can get a good start in creating a startup, or thinking more into networking globally as well.Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon was one of the best experiences I had attending school!Not only did I learn very useful skills regarding my carreer, but it also feels like I am now part of a great network.Everything lead me to a carreer in business, but thanks to Le Wagon,... Read More I can now access so much more opportunities (developper, PO etc)! As for the courses themselves, they are very interesting. Thanks to the method “learning by doing”, we could improve our skills very fast and become full-stack developpers in only nine weeks. Last but not least, the atmosphere at Le Wagon is great, it really was a pleasure to wake up and go learn how to code everyday :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Being in my early 40's, I considered that I needed to get hands on into coding in order to be more ""digital aware"" for the rest of my career. This is the reason why I decided to attend to Le Wagon's coding bootcamp.What I found there perfectly suited... Read More my needs: in 2.5 months, I went from no knowledge at all in coding, to a good understanding on how to build a fully functional website, and how all the mechanics behind it works.These guys at Le Wagon have been very good at designing a great, intensive program, supported by a good technical infrastructure, where you can learn, meet great people and have fun altogether!I strongly recommand for those who wish to really become more digital savvy or to launch a career in coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was an amazing experience, first a human one but also because we left it with so many useful skills for our future. It was easier to adapt ourselves to this new language because we were surrounded from day one with incredible teachers, patient... Read More and passionate about coding. I recommend this bootcamp for anyone who would like to change their lives because it did change mine.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m currently finishing my masters in electrotechnical engineering so I had some previous programming skills. However, I wanted to extend my skills in web development so I decided to take the Le Wagon Bootcamp.It was the best decision I could have made.... Read More I was not expecting that it would be possible to achieve so much skill and knowledge in such short period of time and it’s totally worth it.In 9 weeks you go from zero to launch your own website in a really amazing working/learning environment where both teachers and TA’s are super helpful. Although the bootcamp it’s fast paced, I managed to learn a lot and have an amazing experience with my team on the final project weeks where you test all you skills and capacities.Overall it was a fantastic experience and I totally recommend it for anyone looking for a relevant change in their lives!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon at its Full Stack Bootcamp, I was a Management Consultant with a business and finance background and no programming skills whatsoever. Despite enjoying all the different projects and challenges that Consulting brought me over the... Read More last 5 years, I was not focusing on one of my life goals, which was to build and develop my own projects and ideas.In order to fulfil this objective, I was lacking the necessary technical skills that were essential to setup a number of my own ideas, thus I decided to take a sharp 180º turn on my Consulting career and opt in on a tech oriented / web development bootcamp.Le Wagon was without a doubt the best possible choice I could have made and provided me with a life-changing experience. From the well-structured curriculum and its supporting resources, to the highly knowledgeable and always helpful teaching staff / worldwide community, Le Wagon was with no doubt an extremely positive experience that vastly surpassed all my expectations.There are several aspects of the bootcamp that make it an excellent choice (such as the ones mentioned above). However, the one I would refer to as the most prominent one would be the fast pace environment and the high-level exercises and challenges that are available, as these will most definitely ensure that you either ""learn or learn"" the topics at hand.After 9 weeks of bootcamp, I am now 100% independent in setting up new tech ideas from top to bottom, as Le Wagon provided me with all the necessary tools to do just that. In summary, I would unquestionably recommend Le Wagon to anyone keen on learning to code, for both the technical skills that are gained throughout the course and the enthusiastic and supportive worldwide community.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was working as a teacher. Even though I really like teaching, I needed a bigger challenge. So, after a lot of research I decided to join Le Wagon in Lisbon.Le Wagon does exactly what it promises you : “Change your life, learn to code”.... Read More After 9 very intensive weeks of coding my life was definitely not the same. During these 9 weeks you’re fully immersed on learning how to think like a programmer. You’ll even dream about it. One of the best aspects of the bootcamp is that we obviously learn theory, but it’s so much more focused on practice, over and over again, with trial and error, until you get it right. And you have alongside you amazing teachers that take the time to make you understand your errors and code with them. I cannot recommend them highly enough.The last two weeks of the bootcamp are to build a product in a group from scratch. It is great working in a team towards building a product. You learn on how to be organized in your team of developers and how to work on a team.Le Wagon was an amazing experience. I feel like it’s exactly what someone needs if they want to become a developer. You definitely learn by doing.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had worked for 8 years before joining Le Wagon: mainly at Amazon in marketing, advertising and product management roles, and for a shorter period of time as Head of Acquisition in a French fintech startup. I have to admit I’ve always been quite intrigued... Read More about coding: I tried to learn PHP on my own when I was much younger and then had the opportunity to learn a lot about SQL and VBA at Amazon. A few months ago it became very clear to me that I was becoming less and less passionate about my job and becoming much more interested in the challenges that the dev teams were facing. On top of that I had been working on an entrepreneurial project which required coding skills to move forward.I chose Le Wagon because of the very positive feedback I found across various websites, and also because two of my friends had already done this bootcamp and highly recommended it to me. As a result I had very high expectations… and I was not disappointed! The curriculums are perfectly designed to teach you new concepts every day that build on top of what you’ve learned the previous day. The staff is super proficient and the overall vibe is extremely positive and energetic. Although the bootcamp is super intense, I enjoyed every single day of it and still can’t believe how much I learned in such a short period of time. I would 100% recommend it to anyone wanting to learn how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm a System Administrator who wanted to get into the coding side of things. I have some experience in PHP and Wordpress, so I already knew how to code. One of the reasons I chose Le Wagon was that they taught Ruby on Rails which I had zero experience... Read More in, both Ruby as a language and Rails as a Framework (or any framework for that matter).Overall, I would definitely recommend Le Wagon, whether you have zero coding experience or you're self-taught like me. You spend most of the day doing exercises, which is the best way to keep what you learn. And you won't be alone either. You are paired with another student and they're also well staffed with Teacher Assistants. If you have a question about anything, there was always someone available with minimum wait.You will also create an app from inception to completion, more than once actually. From User Stories, to mockups, to an actual app. You'll work in a team. You'll collaborate as a team. You'll even learn how to pitch as well. These skills are invaluable and hard to get experience as someone who is self-taught.Also, once you join Le Wagon, you become part of a larger community of developers all over the world. Stuck on a coding problem? Need interview advice? Moving to another country and need job leads? Ask the community. Once you graduate, you're not forgotten at all. You are still part of their community.OK, so even though this is just one out of 900+ reviews, Le Wagon deserves all the praises. Again, I highly recommend Le Wagon. As a self-taught developer, you will gain a ton of knowledge and experience, learn to collaborate in a team, create apps from scratch, and belong to an invaluable community of developers. If you are someone who doesn't have coding experience, Le Wagon is your how you get your best foot forward.Read Less",le-wagon
"From a business background, I’ve always had a profound interest in the tech world. I started working in a startup in Singapore as Growth Marketer. Although I enjoyed this position, I realized that ultimately — no matter how good your marketing strategy... Read More is — it always starts with having a great product. For this reason, I decided to move into a Product Manager position to get closer to the product and have a bigger impact on its strategy. This position has been an eye-opener for me as I enjoyed the broad scope of activities that it covers (from customers interviews down to execution and product releases).However, it also brought my tech skills limitations to light, and I felt frustrated at some point not being able to dive deep enough into the product development issues with my fellow engineers' colleagues.It is for this very reason that I applied to Le Wagon to gain the tech skills needed to flourish into a Product Manager position.9 weeks down the road I’m feeling much more confident with my coding skills and decided to start building my own web app — a content-curation tool for Product Managers — as a side project.In short, Le Wagon has been a life-changing experience for me for the following 3 reasons:* It totally demystifies web development* It gives the self-confidence needed to start building my own project* It gives the opportunity to be part of a great community with various background united around a common passion for tech.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before the bootcamp, i was working on webdevelopment but only the basic stuff, HTML and CSS, no JS and always with the help of a CMS (joomla or wordpress). So the bootcamp was the natural step up for my career. I now can do full stack. I loved RUBY and... Read More specially RAILS, and i now have what i need to start new projects.Read Less",le-wagon
"Overall the bootcamp was an incredible experience. First off I like to state Tokyo had the best instructors you could possibly ask for Doug, Ollie, and Forrest along with the TA's was by far some of the best instructors I have ever had going through schooling... Read More they have an impeccable way of teaching each student and truly care about the students learning the material. I have never seen a group have such patience when it comes to teaching and answering questions. As far as the curriculum it was a lot to learn but as long as you keep up with the flashcards and continually ask questions you will be fine. All the learnings lead to product building, which I think is essential to becoming a full stack developer. Le Wagon Tokyo was one of the best decisions I have ever made!One last thing the networking and friendships you make going through Le Wagon Tokyo is like none other, the community is really supportive during and after the bootcamp. I highly recommend joining this bootcamp Doug, Paul, and Slyvain have done an outstanding job of creating an amazing learning environment that makes learning this material so enjoyable.Read Less",le-wagon
"A lot of context - because maybe you’ll be in a similar situation...I was working in a finance job I liked but didn’t love for 5 years. I’ve always had an intense interest in tech and startups and was also involved with a small startup in a customer success... Read More position. Basically, at 28 - I knew I had to shake it up and break into the tech scene in a meaningful way. Some people in my network did it via coding bootcamps and had success so I started doing my research as there are a million options. I looked up reviews online, messaged people on LinkedIn who attended bootcamps, and posted on Reddit for some guidance. Soon enough, I had about three bootcamps that I thought were the best for different reasons: HR, FSA, and LW, but I didn’t want to apply to any until I did a decent amount of preparation. To get my feet wet, I bought some books on Amazon, did a Codecademy track. After I felt a little bit more comfortable - I enrolled in a 10-week prep course for HR, which a peer of mine went to - definitely one of the most popular, based in SF and has a NYC campus, which was convenient because I live in Jersey. It was intense and in JavaScript - I liked my peers, but I had trouble understanding concepts from the main TA who was undoubtedly a genius, but not as good of a teacher for those that didn’t have a coding background. Then, I heard feedback that said your cohort experience is largely dictated by the quality of TA’s and teachers(which is kind of a no brainer). If you get shitty ones - then thats that - too much risk to me for the high price point. HR ruled out.So then I directed my attention to FSA and LW - spoke to the staff at both. FSA was good - made the most sense logically, it was close to my home in NYC. They had great outcomes, but for some reason something about my conversation with the LW Tokyo founders really hit me as authentic. That and LW had more of an entrepreneurial vibe as opposed to just being trained to be a developer. So I took the completely crazy route, quit my job and moved to Tokyo to join the January batch.THE BENEFITSAmazing teachers - the drivers and managers of Le Wagon Tokyo are world class. Really good at simplifying concepts and really ensuring you grasp the materials. This is HUGE if you are not a tech wiz by default.Diverse and helpful TA’s: TA’s coming from all backgrounds and each useful in comprehension - they don’t just tell you the answer, they force you to learn. Not to mention all awesome personalities!I had an awesome team for my project: Clearly defined roles, great synergy, and we put together a very solid project. Would randomly break out Disney sing alongs during project week. My friends at other camps said they’d just sit in silence and code. I’m an ENFP so I’d rather have fun while I codeSetting: nifty co-working space with a lot of friendly Japanese locals, free coffee, a Japanese toilet for fans of that lol. There’s a lot of fun events every week too for networking and making friends hosted by the coworking space and also le Wagon so double the events right in your backyardPitching - if you have an idea you’d love to pitch seriously, or even for fun. Le Wagon gives you the ability and skills to do so effectively. My project in particular was chosen as one of the four projects, which was cool. I pitched in front of 70+ people, which is a big deal for someone with an intense fear of public speaking and I’m so happy I did it.I absolutely loved my batch (cohort) - 16 people, was the perfect amount. I’ve heard horror stories of kids hating their batch or the group being so big that there weren’t enough TA’s and help, but I was truly lucky. People from everywhere: Los Angeles, San Francisco, Hawaii, The Bronx, NJ, England, Australia, Indonesia, Thailand, Philippines, and Japan. From all walks of life. I have friends all over the world that I could visit at any time!The culture of Le Wagon and the staff are so cool - I feel like I am truly part of a community and have friends for life. We sang karaoke together, ate delicious food, went to all you can eat and drink places, played darts, did yoga, and so much moreThe bottom line is for someone that had no coding background whatsoever and for the price I paid. I got a crazy amount of value out of Le Wagon and have the foundational understanding to push forward into my tech journeyCAVEATYou get what you put in - this is true for anything in life. But I felt like it’s really important here. Le Wagon gives you everything you need to succeed. It’s truly up to you to put in the time and take advantage of it. Video Lectures of every class so you can watch it before hand, flash cards to reinforce your understanding everyday, awesome TAs and teachers that are always ready to help, a coworking space that’s open till late and the weekends to crush your coding grind, a ton of events with recruiters, startups in Tokyo etc., an actual manual and gameplan for what exactly you need to do after graduation whether it’s get a job as a developer, product manager, freelancer, a list of VC’s and another step by stepguide if you’re trying to launch your startup, UI kits, a HUGE, very active and enthusiastic slack community of Le wagoners for literally anything you could imagine (relocating to a different part of the world, dealing with bugs, sharing founder best practices, etc time infinity)....I could go on and on but you get the point. If you want it - it’s there. At the end of boot camp, some people wanted to go gets jobs in Tokyo and they did, some wanted to reinforce their understanding with additional Udemy courses, they did, some wanted to keep working on their projects, they did. So my point is JUST do it.Hope this was helpful and please don’t hesitate to reach out. The experience was so positive and I know it sounds corny AF but I bleed Le Wagon blood nowRead Less",le-wagon
"ReviewI've only got good things to say about Le Wagon. They do exactly what they say: change your life by learning how to code.  I wrote my first Hello World in Python in 2018. I enrolled on Le Wagon in 2019, and now I'm working as a freelance developer... Read More with my first job within 3 weeks fof graduating the bootcamp.   For me, Le Wagon stands out from other bootcamps because of its curriculumn: firstly, its product-oriented; and secondly, its focus is on Ruby / Rails. But they also have excellent teachers and a brilliant teaching platform (Kitt), as well as a global alumni network you can access through Slack. Unlike other bootcamps (to my knowledge) Le Wagon is product-oriented. The last 3 weeks of the course you'll be working in a group of 3-5 people on a final project. It's a great way to expose yourself to agile developmnent, design-thinking, and gitflow. These are practical skills that you can only really learn by doing, and Le Wagon provides you with a great environment to do it in.  Their curriculumn focuses on learning how to learn: they teach you the industry best practice and design patterns that are going to be used by agenices worldwide despite what programmnig langauge they use. For example, my first commercial project used Vue JS. But I picked it up super quickly and did not feel disadvantaged by taking a course based on ruby/ruby on rails. I'm confident now to learn by doing, and that's something that Le Wagon gave me the skills to do.  That's always a major sticking point. People ask why the course is taught in Ruby. Well that's because the syntax in ruby is super easy for beginners to pick up. This is because (unlike JS) it's a programming language built from the grounds-up with a sophisticated design philosophy underlying its architecture: it's meant to be a human-friendly language. As a case in point, some of the handy syntax improvements in ES6 (implicit return, template literals) existed in ruby for years! So overall, ruby is fun to program in, and it's a brilliant medium to learn the basic programming patterns that are langauge agnostic (such as MVC). All good reasons to study in ruby.  But if you are anxious about learnng JS, React, Redux etc, Le Wagon actually offer an alumni track on these frameworks on their platform, Kitt, that is super good quality.  And finally, there's the amazing talent that backs the teaching of Le Wagon. The teachers were all excellent quality. We had UI practitioners as TAs during product sprint week. We had backend developers teaching us during the SQL and Active Record week. The course was well structured; all the teachers were personable; there was a wide variety of students and teachers alike; and there were happy hour Thursdays every week at teh coworking space.  You have access to Kitt for the rest of your life; when Le Wagon update thier curriculum, you can access these exercises on Kitt. Their Alumni are also very active in many different sectors in countries all around the world. So you're not just purchasing the time to learn how to code when you enrol on Le Wagon, you're participating in a global community of entrepreneurs and designers and educators. Like I said, I only really have good things to say about it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before LeWagon bootcamp, I worked as an engineer and quality manager in Brazil, doing a lot of manual and repetitive stuff. I already knew it was possible to make things easier with automation and I was interested in learn properly how to do it for many... Read More years.Starting LeWagon Lisbon, in an international environment, was one of the best choice I made so far. Great team of teachers and assistants. You will never be alone during the journey ! The program and the platform are really intensive but perfectly designed to give the students all they need to understand and learn as quick as possible. There is so much extra-content that it’s almost impossible to see everything. You also have access to the huge and super active alumni’s community to help you in the future.I can only encourage anyone who is looking for a coding bootcamp, learn how to code and change his life; to join LeWagon’s family and the fullstack web developer bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are looking for a coding bootcamp to attend, if you are looking for new skills to learn, if you want to change your job, if you want to change your life, choose LeWagon! I was looking for an affordable coding bootcamp, I've been trying to change... Read More my job in this last years, as I have been a chef, but I always felt like that wasn't the right job for me. I tried to change my life, I wanted to change my life, so I found Le Wagon. I decided to attend batch#233 in Milan, as I live in Milan. I applied also for the scholarship they offer to residents, and that was the best decision i'v ever made so far. It was one of the best and most intense experiences of my life. I leant a lot, the program is very well organized, there are a lot of topics, and a lot of exercises. Teachers are all great people, well prepared and ready for any question. I met a lot of great people during the bootcamp. We worked a lot, wrote a lot of code in 9 weeks, struggled, improved and learnt so much! Honestly it was tough, but it worth it, TOTALLY! So, i would definitely recommend this coding bootcamp, to you who want to change you life.Le Wagon says: ""Change your life, learn to code."" and that's what i did!Thank you Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before LeWagon I was working for Amazon in operations. I know what your thinking but the role was as far away from Tech as you can think. I was a manager in one of their huge fulfilment centres managing teams of up to 150 associates. Managing people is... Read More a role I enjoyed but I just couldn’t help myself from thinking there had to be something else.I’ve always been curious about tech but I always thought that to move into that industry you needed a traditional tech background with a degree in computer science. It turns out I was completely wrong. I started going to tech meet-ups and found myself at a LeWagon demo day at Google Campus one evening with no knowledge about what a coding bootcamp was. After just 1 hour of listening to and seeing what the students had achieved in 9 weeks I was ready to sign up!It was honestly the best decision I’ve ever made. I’m really into triathlon and had been working on an idea for a training plan web app, My Finishline, which I actually built with a team of 3 as our final project. I’m actually still working on that and almost ready to launch the beta.The 9 weeks were filled with hard work, high five moments and loads of laughs with some amazing people. Ive made life long friends through the course and look forward to jumping out of bed to start coding every morning. That seems crazy considering I couldn’t write a line of code before the course.If your thinking about doing the course, stop thinking about it and get signed up! You won’t regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining le Wagon, I was working full time in the Business Travel industry and i used to work closely with the dev team in my ex company. I didn’t know anything about coding before and i just realised how powerful was to have these knowledges seeing... Read More how fast was it to develop a real and concrete product from a basic idea.I chose Le Wagon and especially in Barcelona because i know how dynamic and beautiful is the city and Le Wagon because the program has been so smartly built that at the end of the 9 weeks I was able to design, code and ship a product built from scratch, within 2 weeks !At Le Wagon Barcelona you will meet people from everywhere with different background this is what makes this bootcamp so rich and so special. Sharing is the keyword ! The staff were outstanding, patient and were always available to help.I’m glad to be part of Le Wagon adventure, it has allowed me to get the knowledges and get a maximum of information in a minimum of time.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon truly delivered a course that is life changing – quite literally giving you a skillset that can change your life.I joined Bali Batch #217 having extremely little tech experience. I have been working as a professional chef since the age of 16,... Read More using my mac just for photo editing, menu planning and some movie editing for the last 15 years.I started coding after being introduced to it by an engineer I worked with, who had a similar logical problem solving approach as I do.After completing the prep work, I joined my classmates in our classroom looking over the beautiful balinese coastline.I had no illusions as to how fast-paced and tough it would be, but before the end of the first week, I was ready to throw the towel in.Guido and the team quickly resolved the issues, investing faith into the program, the teachers and the T.A’s.I completed the course showcasing a complex web app, knowing how to pitch products, code to a high level and ready to be an asset to my next employer.The biggest compliment I can give to the bootcamp is it works.Behind the door, Guido and Dirk made everything flow seamlessly. The teachers and T.A’s are at the top of their game (with amazing skills that make me insanely jealous) but beyond all of that they are on your side – having all been in your shoes and spurring you on to grow, bringing the best out in every student.Invest in yourself and join the bootcamp – you won’t regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as a banker for a couple of years already, but all my life I've been struggling with finding my real career path. That answer has never been easy to me, and with time I started feeling interested in programming. I did some research in Google... Read More in order to find where I could get deep into the field and there it was Le Wagon with its intensive programme, which hooked me right away.I digged a little further so I could consider other options, but after seeing lots of excellent reviews, its positioning in specialized magazines bootcamp's rankings, and talking with former students, the decision was very clear and so I chose Le Wagon for this new career path. I was looking to change careers and couldn't expect spending too much time in the process. I wanted to learn, fast, and be able to start working with it as soon as possible. I had the motivation, so their high promises in terms of skills-to-gain, fast-paced learning curve, and product-oriented programme was a perfect match for me.During my time, there were lots of things to remark. But if I would have to choose a few, I would say that actually having the feeling of wanting to wake up early every time to go the course it's something that never happened to me before, which I welcomed gratefully. Moreover, the atmosphere was just amazing, all the group was completely focused an helping each other, as everyone came with the same goal, which motivated and encouraged me to keep working and do better every time.Furthermore, the teachers were completely capable and the agile methodology was also a very solid point of the bootcamp: Lectures lasted long enough (not more than 2hs) and the rest of the time was spent in solving challenges, which made it easier and clearer to learn, but mainly WAY MORE FUN. Last but not least, leaving the bootcamp with an actual product in your hands, building it from scratch, it's a more than useful experience and advantage for future job opportunities.Being based in Barcelona was just the perfect plus for me. The weather is great, the city is beautiful, you are close to the beach and the mountains, you can find people from all over the world, and there is a huge variety of options for either day and night life.So to sum up (and I guess if you read this far you already know this), I would definitely recommend Le Wagon and Barcelona! I have to admit that making this investment was not an easy decision, but I do not regret it at all, it was definitely one of my best experiences ever. For you guys, if you are certain about your interest in programming, then this is the bootcamp to choose. My advice for you is to be really commited to work hard those weeks, specially in the first ones when eveything starts getting a little confusing; but do not despair! In the end things will workout and wou will feel rewarded, with lots of new skills, and a new fresh product to feel proud of.Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to work as a logistics supervisor, for me was a pretty boring job that I truly didn’t like, it felt like I was wasting my life and my potential to do something really exciting. I always liked the tech industry so I started to learn to code on my... Read More own, but it was way too difficult, I decided to join Le Wagon for many reasons, but the community they had build over the years is just amazing, feels like a family always willing to help me out. Management, teachers and TAs are great people going the extra mile to make sure I understood and overcome all the difficulties I had during the bootcamp. By the end of it I was surprised with all the skills I had acquired and what I was able to build. To anyone reading this, dont think about it too much, join Le Wagon and I promise you wont regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are looking for a career change or just to learn a new skill, sign up for Le Wagon now! I had zero coding experience when I enrolled and by the end of the course, I was able to build a website from scratch. This course is worth way more than it... Read More costs. It has given me the opportunity to change my life and pursue a career where my skills are in high demand. The course itself is done extremely well and the staff are incredible. I took the course in Milan and cannot speak highly enough about the staff (and the food). The instructors are extremely knowledgable and always there to help, even outside of the classroom. You can get so much out of the bootcamp if you are willing to put in the work. After the course, Le Wagon does a great job of preparing you for what's next and assisting you as you start the search for a job. I am extremely thankful for my nine weeks at Le Wagon and the things that I learned, the friends that I made and the opportunity to do something new.Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing university a semester early, I wanted to develop some technical skills to supplement my business major. I had first heard of Le Wagon through a few different friends who had done the boot camp before, and I knew that it was something I... Read More had to check out. I did my research, and I found that Le Wagon was priced way more reasonably than other boot camps, while still able to teach me the skills I needed to become a web developer. I interviewed, completed a prep course, got into the program, and started in January. The boot camp was life-changing. By the end of it, I was able to build an application that I wanted to (the back end, the front end, all of it). On top of that, there was an amazing community/cohort feeling, and you could tell that everyone wanted the best for everyone else. Not only were the teachers more than willing to stay long hours to help you, but the other students were also supportive and helpful. I would say that the two most valuable things I got from this course are: 1) HOW TO LEARN TO CODE on my own and continue to develop my coding skills even after the boot camp, and 2) the alumni network (I'm not currently looking for a developer job, but based off the job opportunities that are constantly shared, it seems like there are many opportunities from other alumni as well as from firms that know about Le Wagon). Overall, I would HIGHLY recommend this boot camp, especially to students like me who are interested in both coding and living abroad (they have campuses all over)!Read Less",le-wagon
"Learning to code has been one of the best decisions I have made in my life. Out of all other bootcamps, I choose Le Wagon London because they were rated the number one bootcamp in London and had the highest number of positive reviews. My experience at... Read More Le Wagon London has been extremely positive. It has been a tough 9 weeks, but I loved every moment of it. I got to meet fellow students from all different nationalities and professional backgrounds. Le wagon staff has been very supporting since day one and all teachers and Teaching assistance have done the bootcamp and because of this they understood the syllabus very well and knew how to support us specially during tough weeks. I came from no coding background and after completing the bootcamp, I am able to successfully build awesome web applications and have the skills to continue learning other technologies/languages out there on my own.I not only learn how to code, but I also made greats friends thanks to Le Wagon London.Read Less",le-wagon
"During my banking career I wanted to return to my passion - programming. I already knew about Le Wagon and the very good feedback it has so the choice was easy for my new start !It started since my first day in Paris, being part of the batch #201. In... Read More just 9 weeks I was able to build great web applications and projects.Within two months after this great and intense experience, I was able to find a job. Now I'm a Project Manager and Fullstack Developer.It was the best choice of my life and for nothing else I would choose another school than this one.So if you are looking for the best and want to live an amazing experience I highly recommend you to join the fullstack program. You will learn all the coding skills needed to start a new career or to improve your knowledge and meet amazing people everyday !Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are reading this, it probably means you're considering applying to Le Wagon bootcamp. If you are anything like me when I discovered this program, you're drawn to the 9 weeks duration as well as the promising tagline: 'Change your life, learn to... Read More code'.Well, I can tell you I've just finished the bootcamp and for sure I changed a ton. It's not just learning new things, it's mostly about being immersed in a completely new dimension for 9 weeks, challenged every day by interesting, modern concepts and amazing human beings from all over the place.Long story short, I was somewhat inspired by the idea of becoming a developer after reading a really long article on the topic. I discovered that Le Wagon bootcamp was also in Milan—I live close by—and I decided to attend a workshop just to have a peek around. Once there, I felt an immediate connection with the staff and the environment, so much that I really felt like it was the right choice for me.Le Wagon it's not just an awesome bootcamp, it's a growing community of heterogeneous people with a lot of grit and passion for what they've learned to do in just 9, shared weeks.All you need to make the best out of it is a firm willingness to commit and trust the trainers: they really know what they're doing and they just want you to succeed.Read Less",le-wagon
"Graduating from a business school, I was looking out for a new direction to expand my skillset, and, in particular, a way to combine my past experience and knowledge to create tangible value. Web-development answered all my needs and I thoroughly researched... Read More all my options before I decided to trust Le Wagon.The school felt like THE right place from the moment I got in touch with the admissions team, who make you feel as welcome as you are at your own home.The 9 weeks I spent with Le Wagon in Barcelona allowed me to fully immerse myself into one of the most motivating, productive and intensive environments I have ever experienced, all while being surrounded by the some of the most collaborative, positive and outgoing people I could ever meet.The course syllabus and the web-based teaching resource platform, available to you for life, are incredible in the way they allow you to learn at your own pace, while diving into just the precise amount of detail, thoroughly vetting all the information you need, providing you with the opportunity to continuously expand your skillset forever, collaborate with the amazing ever-expanding community of Le Wagon, or just to freshen up your knowledge.However, the true highlight of the campus were the teaching staff who never seized to inspire and undoubtedly provided me with all the best guidance and support I needed to embark on my coding journey. Bolstered by the entrepreneurial focus of the camp and the final project weeks, I now feel confident that I can successfully join and contribute to the tech ventures of tomorrow.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a Product Owner working with developers, I’d always been curious about programming languages. I had learned some HTML in business school then some CSS on Codecademy but it didn’t quite feed my curiosity. So after 4 years as a product owner, I decided... Read More to take a gap semester from work to finally learn to code!As a good business student, I studied the market to evaluate my options and rapidly two programs stood out. I reached out to alumni from both programs and that’s when Le Wagon became an evidence; an evidence because of its community and its network! Alumni were super available to answer my questions and gave me tons of advice.The 9 weeks were amazing and went by so fast. Everyday I got to learn new ways of thinking, discover new concepts and take on new challenges. I really enjoyed the program schedule (and yoga classes). This experience taught me a lot and brought me the confidence to basically do anything!Indeed my plan is now to move to the south of France soon where I’ll settle as a Fullstack Developer (either in a company or as a freelance).Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon is one of the most fulfilling experience of my life.At le Wagon, we don’t just learn code, we learn why we do it and how to do it right.The spirit is awesome, the teachers adapt themselves to each and every student, so no one is left behind.... Read MoreI can’t believe the experience I gain in only 9 weeks. I feel I have a backbone now and I don’t feel ashamed to call myself a developer, thanks to le Wagon.The fun thing is when you’re there, you’re not just part of a batch, you just have been welcomed in a big family (a 4000 people family). A family which support each other, raise each other and understand each other.The 9 weeks program is like a marathon but inside a formula 1. You know it’s long and hard but when you watch where you came from, you can’t realize how far you get in just few weeks.Now I’m at the beginning of my new career, I know I still have a lot to learn (and I will learn all my life) but one thing is sure, I am not afraid.If you’re still asking the question, should I leave that job which makes me feel miserable, don’t hesitate anymore, take that leap, you won’t regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was working in Ad Tech in London, hacking together automated advertising solutions for clients using Google sheets, Zapier and any other 3rd party solutions that required no coding ability.Doing this I eventually started to realise that... Read More there were massive opportunities I couldn’t take advantage of because I couldn’t code, which is why I decided to join Le Wagon.Le Wagon Bali itself was incredible. Despite the tremendous amounts you learned each week the teachers had an incredible impact on the overall mood. The teacher to student ratio and the ticket system meant you never had to wait too long for a ticket to be solved and if a teacher needed to sit with you for a few hours to explain something, they could!On the course I met people from all different walks of life and this definitely inspired me to consider opportunities I would not have previously. And I couldn’t have wished for a nicer group of people and I feel like I have definitely made some lifelong friends.Also being in Bali is incredible. Everytime you get stressed or frustrated you can have a look at the ocean from the classroom or go down to the beach or even visit one of the many (many) great coffee shops. And Le Wagon worked really hard to organise trips on free weekends so you could make the most of being in paradise.Le Wagon not only gave me a great toolbox of coding languages but also taught me how I could teach myself more languages. A lot of the focus was on self-learning and preparing you for when you don’t have a teacher by your side. This was especially true for final project week. Being able to take my own idea to a fully fledged progressive web app over the course of the last 10 days and be able to present it to a room full of people was probably one of my proudest achievements.Now that I have finished Le Wagon I am currently considering whether to take a job at an exciting new startup or try to realise some of my own business ideas, but whatever I end up doing, I’m sure the learning doesn’t stop now.Read Less",le-wagon
"I completed Le Wagon Full Stack Bootcamp end of 2018 in Paris, this course is well structured and balanced, adapting to your level. For the record, I had no previous code experience. Over 9 intense weeks, I learned how to program in Ruby and structure... Read More Web Application. This course gave me all the key foundation about programming and how to be autonomous in learning about code. I can only recommend this course, the staff and their learning method is exceptional.Read Less",le-wagon
"After an internship as a business developper in a tech start-up in NYC that only highlighted my lack of technical skill I decided to take a whole gap year to learn how to code. Le Wagon seemed to me the best option to start the year. All I can say it's... Read More that it has exceeded all my expectations. The program is well designed, the teachers are very good and motivating, the alumni network is really strong. I am such a big fan of Le Wagon that I stayed there as a teaching assistant and now as a teacher for the next batchs of students. I can easily say these 6000+€ has been the best investment in my life !Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m an entrepreneur since 2014 and I enrolled at Le Wagon Paris at the end of 2018 for 9 amazing weeks. It was one of the most intense and great experiences of the last few years. You can completely trust them to benefit from a bootcamp very well structured,... Read More teached by strong professors and teaching assistants, and with moments of fun and cheerfulness.Last year, I wanted to create a new project, in line with my company. This project is a booking plateform 100% online and 100% automatized, which needs a powerful app. As I had no skills or even 0 knowledge in coding, I first thought to subcontract the creation of the app. By subcontracting I would have “lost control” of the production, what I didn’t want to do. Then I discovered Le Wagon and told myself it could be amazing to learn to code in only 9 weeks. This is an essential skill if you want to create a startup. Not only to code yourself, but also to be able to understand what the developers do. If you want to discover this world, jump on a big challenge, gain new skills and open job opportunities, I really recommend you Le Wagon :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Regardless of your previous experiences, and your reasons for doing this course is a experience you won't regret!I became interested in coding through essentially through big data analytics. Before Le Wagon I worked in genetics, which generated a lot... Read More of data and could only be analysed through tools and methods. I decided to do a short course in Python as it was only a weekly course, however I didn't find it engaging enough. I needed a more immersive way to learn, found Le Wagon and quickly realized it had the best reviews.The first few weeks of the course were challenging but enjoyable. On hindsight I should have prepared better for this part of the course, but nevertheless I learnt a immense amount in a short period (make sure you do the prep-work and flashcards!). The teachers and TA's are incredibly friendly, patient, open to questions and are always ready to help. I wouldn't have gotten through without them!Final 2 weeks gave a valuable insight into how it would be like to develop and code in a team, this was the best part of the experience for me. The atmosphere changes and everyone really starts to buckle down to meet the demo day deadline. Here's the app we created https://gorillaboxco.herokuapp.com/Finally when you sign up you're not only joining a course, but a whole community, with help only a type away.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to choosing Le Wagon, I had really disliked my previous 9-5 job and wanted to make a change in my life which resulted in taking a different career path. So, I went on a mission and had done extensive research of boot camps that were offered locally... Read More (San Francisco) and to options offered abroad. This process consisted of choosing the right one that met my criteria of what I was looking for in a school. (below was my criteria)Does the boot camp:- Fit my budget- Have a large alumni community- Have a high employability success rate- Have a high overall school rating- What is the start-up ecosystem around the school (helped when choosing a location)- Is this a cultural fit (helped when choosing a location)The questions above led me to choose Le Wagon as a coding school because it met my criteria and offered flexibility in terms of locations available despite not being offered in the states. Pheww was that time consuming and as you can tell I like to research! Now comes the choosing of the location! At this point, I decided to get organized and put together a google spreadsheet to calculate everything down related to the cost of food, travel, transportation, and cost of living. As it turns out, Barcelona was the best fit for me and had a high rating in terms of a fast-growing start-up ecosystem.My overall experience had opened my eyes in terms of what I can now do with technology after the boot camp. The staff of teachers was friendly and attentive to our success in the program which made me feel comfortable to ask questions at any time. Would I do it again? Yes..yes I would!TLDR:Le Wagon Barcelona great school, location, and cultureProfessional and helpful/fun staffA diverse group of studentsChallenging but well worth itRead Less",le-wagon
"I started to be interested in coding a few of years ago while travelling. After meeting many inspiring developers in hostels, who were working remotely while travelling and making good money. At the time I never really considered myself technically minded... Read More enough or able to sit at a computer for long enough to be able to make this a career. I decided to give it a go, and took some online courses. I loved it. Before then I didn't realise that coding is a an excellent job for creative people. As I started to go deeper into coding I realised that the online videos and challenges I was doing were not enough. I heard about coding bootcamps while travelling in Australia and went to a few open days to find out more. I did some more research upon arriving back in Barcelona and came across Le Wagon. Not only was it rated as the highest bootcamp in Europe, but the fact that it was aimed at creative people and those looking to 'Change your life, learn to code'. It seemed to be the best fit for me. I remembered that I had a friend who did the same bootcamp in Lisbon the year before and asked him what he thought. I read some articles on Medium that confirmed that. I booked meetings with various other bootcamps in Barcelona just to be sure. Compared to the other options for bootcamps I felt that Le Wagon was more personable, more international and would provide me with the most value for what I wanted to do - change my life and learn to code. Gus didn't spam me with emails not try to convince me to take the course in our meeting, he seemed to want the course to be a good fit for both of us. And so I booked up and a month later I had my first class.The school was bright and open which I found to be a reflection of the people who filled it. No two people were the same, each with their own story and reasons for learning to code. The focus of the first day was for us to get to know one another and get our computers set up and ready for the following weeks. Each day we would be randomly assigned another student as a buddy and were encouraged to help one another, rather than just asking a teachers help each time. I really enjoyed having the chance to work with and get to know the other students well, and I think it really made an impact on the overall friendly, positive vibe of the whole experience. We would learn a new topic for a couple of hours in the morning and spend the rest of the day with our buddy tackling practical exercises to help us understand and see how and why to use the new information. We were encouraged to be independent and find answers on our own or with our buddy before asking a teacher for help, which is a great habit to pick up early on in our coding careers. The last 3 weeks were almost entirely practical as we formed groups and created two different applications, from thinking about the reason for the app, to building the 'user story' and flow, to the design and planning, building the web app and finally presenting our finished product. We did all that using the knowledge we had just learned in the past 6 weeks plus some added extras in the morning lectures. It felt great to be able to show off our apps to friends and family at the end of the bootcamp and feel the sense of accomplishment within our group. Not only that but we are able to add these apps to our CV's, along with all our new skills. Gus helped us to spruce up our LinkedIn profiles and CV's, and we had presentations from recruiters to alumni giving us tips on the next steps for life after the bootcamp. As well as the extra resources, courses and lifetime access to all the lectures and exercises from the bootcamp we have the added bonus of the Le Wagon Alumni slack channel with more than 4000 people posting help, job offers and giving access to this worldwide community of coders.I am now on the other side of the bootcamp with some interviews lined up and I have started building my website portfolio plus a new app idea of my own. I would not have been able to do this had it not been for Le Wagon's bootcamp and the help and support of Gus and the team here in Barcelona. I would recommend the Le Wagon bootcamp to anyone, but most especially in Barcelona, where we have sunshine almost every day and different fun events every weekend, it was great to have a whole new group of friends to enjoy this beautiful city (and make hilarious coding jokes with!!!). Good luck!Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to study at Le Wagon because I wanted to have an experience in the coding world. I always had many business ideas and couldn’t create them because I was lacking the technical skills to know if those ideas were feasible.And Le Wagon was the best... Read More I could do to achieve that goal. I learned to create a complex website from scratch in only 9 weeks. I’m now almost independant to create the first steps of my ideas.The teaching is also great : it’s leaning by doing. You do exercises all day and when you can’t solve them, you just call a teacher that’ll help you solve it with you.The atmosphere is also incredibly positive, everyone is so cool and from really different backgournds. It a good opportunity to have interesting debate.The teaching is really business focused too. Indeed almost each week a major CEO spoke to us about their industry, giving us insights and interesting facts.So I defintely recommend those 9 weeks to everyone who wants to learn code in a challenging, friendly and entrepreneurial atmposphere.Antoine FourgousRead Less",le-wagon
"I decided through many reasons to do the Wagon bootcamp one year ago and it revealed to be the best academic and human experience I ever had. They succeed to make coding sexy, rigorous and useful. They mixed hard work and fun which I think is the perfect... Read More combo ! For the anecdote, this is where i met my associate with whom i launched my own company, Weekendr ! Finally, Le wagon is a big family more than welcoming, you will always find a cold beer to share with interesting people every friday night ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"After working 4 years in software sales, I decided it was time to learn how to code to cement my career in software and make me stand out from my peers. I’d done some basic front-end programming but I could only produce something very basic. I started... Read More to look for full-time courses and came across Le Wagon, London. Their course covered a variety of topics in depth and their price was very reasonable. What you will learn in 9 weeks will amaze you. Everyone will go from knowing nothing to producing apps that look and feel amazing. Feel free to check out my team’s app, www.excuse-engine.com for a better idea of what you’ll be putting on the internet!The quality of the teaching is outstanding. The teachers and TA’s are of the highest quality and also breed patience and friendliness that gives you the confidence to come back each day, even when things aren’t clicking. The atmosphere the staff create is fostered into fellow students where everyone supports each other. It’s an amazing place to turn up to each morning. The thing that stands out to me the most (other than the points mentioned above) is what you get even when the batch is over. You’ll make 40 new friends and you’ll get continuous support from the LeWagon community as you’re let out into the wild when the 9 weeks comes to a close.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as a music composer &amp; audio engineer. Considering the evolution of the music industry, I decided to learn code to survive this tough jungle in the future. Le Wagon was naturally my first choice to begin this new adventure, and it was above... Read More my expectations. The quality of the pedagogy is very high. This chackra opening experience was beyond just learning code: I met very interesting people and joined an amazing family.After graduating last summer in Paris, I worked for Le Wagon as a Teaching Assistant in Paris, Berlin, Casablanca &amp; Shanghai. That was such an enriching experience. Then and I found a full-time job within only 4 months, as a front-end developer (Vue.js) in my dream city. This new job is quite challenging but I was surprised how quickly I was able to adapt, thanks to the methodology I learnt at Le Wagon. It's more about learning how learn, which is the most useful tool in a developer journey.I strongly recommend Le Wagon, without any hesitation!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I was working for a company where pretty much I was doing repetitive tasks over and over again.Learning programming has been an old dream of mine, but with such limited time I had after work I wasn't really going anywhere.While... Read More looking for a bootcamp in London I came across Le Wagon and I was quite surprised to read all the amazing reviews left by former students and immediately it caught my attention.I joined Le Wagon in January 2019(#batch 222) and I can honestly say it was the best decision I've ever made. So, for the future students I would say : trust the program! It really works.The course is well structured and it covers everything you need to know in order to pursue a career in the tech world.The atmosphere is so relaxed and friendly and the staff of Le Wagon is amazing, it was a pleasure coming in everyday.It was amazing to see that after such a short time we developed two fully functional applications and the project weeks were so much fun.When you join Le Wagon , you join an incredible community, so I would like to say a big thank you to my colleagues and Le Wagon's staff who helped and guided us every step of the way.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon FullStack program that I attended last summer was a unique experience for three reasons :- First because of its very ambitious developer training scope : one doesn’t learn how to use already made coding tools, that could get obsolete quickly,... Read More but rather the logic behind them in a thorough bottom’s up approach (just look at the training programme, it speaks for itself). And still, all levels of developers make their way through the intense formation, from the absolute beginner to the somehow initiated and already keen developer. And it applies to you whether you want to become a developer, a product owner, an entrepreneur, etc.- Second because the formation has a very smart “hands on” approach following the “learn by doing” principle. A short and sweet lecture session every morning - for approximately an hour and half - and then, code, code, code.... And because everyone works in pairs and is also supported by a great team of knowledgeable Teaching Assistants, you are never alone in front of your screen.- Third, a business and project oriented approach : because Le Wagon founders don’t want you to think just code, but also business : who is your customer? What problem do you solve? What is your unique value proposition? How do you design it and prototype you web application? And then, how do you code it all up as a team? And when you think you are almost done, you have to present it to the world during demo day! There are some great examples of demo days on the web, watch them, they are real!I received great feedback about Le Wagon before attending the bootcamp and knew it corresponded to what I was looking for. So I jumped into it. And it turned out to be even better than I anticipated.Get ready for an intense session, this is not just a walk in the park, it requires your full attention. And in the end, you will be so pleased with Le Wagon experience and you will have met some great people along the way.Happy coding journey !Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve been trying to learn how to code properly since I was a teenager but couldn’t really find nor the proper motivation, nor the right way to do so. Le Wagon has been on my radar for years, and this year I finally decided to jump in. It was definitely... Read More the right decision and I should even have done it before!The 9 weeks are absolutely fabulous, the learning rythme is intense because there is so much to learn during the curriculum. But everyone is there to learn and super motivated. I was very impressed by the pedagogy of the bootcamp and the mutual assistance atmosphere between students it creates.After the bootcamp, we all feel like proper developers, we all worked in teams to create two web applications from scratch that are accessible on their dedicated www addresses. I now feel fully autonomous to create my own dynamic sites alone if needed.A huge thank you to Le Wagon and the people that have created it and work to improve it on a daily basis. Thanks to Le Wagon, I now have so many professional options, I can either decide to become a tech entrepreneur, a freelance developper or apply for proper developper jobs in the best tech companies or startups. To be honest I still don’t know which way I’ll follow.Read Less",le-wagon
"12 month before starting le Wagon Bali in Jan 2019, I was running a promising start-up that just raised 300 K€ seed fund, team of 5 full time people, great investors and located in the largest European start up hub in Paris, Station F. We had just launched... Read More a marketplace of craftmen and craftwoman in fashion, mainly focused on dressmakers. KPI were looking good and before launching we already had hundreds of dressmakers, interest from customers, to make it short we had our first traction. From a tech side I had no knowledge in tech and after a quick benchmark on the French market we decided to choose an agency based in Lyon that develops “The only all-in-one solution for creating your marketplace” (as they call themselves) and pay annual fees to use there “easy to use” marketplace solution… no need to say that was the worst idea I ever had. The worst decision I ever madeNot only this solution was very expensive (40K€ / year), but also It would take us a week (in the best case) or two to have a button moved (basic CSS and HMTL, now I know  ). When you are launching a new tech business, the first thing you learn from every entrepreneur book is the fact you have to iterate every single day according to user feedback. Well, we had it all, Trello feedback loop, public roadmap, users/dressmakers regular test, full time internal product owner… but the so called “web agency” was facing a peak of work at that moment and would take care of our requests in the best case after 10 days which is an eternity at start-up scale. We were not even asking new features, no back-end, but basics front-end. But worse we had not opportunity to change any back-end function at all. We finally had to pay freelance developers to at least improve User Interface and do the work quicker, which started to cost a lot of money to us. After 9 months like that we eventually ran out of money and could not afford a second year of annual fees (and we didn’t want to carry on with them anyway). The traction was not going fast enough to raise a second round of seed money, technology was not even ours, so we didn’t even have anything to sell. We decided to kill the project. In September 2018, I was by myself no more team, deeply in depth with banks (BPI), my associate had left the business and I was about to close the business.When I decided to join Le Wagon.After couple of weeks of back and forth I finally decided to maintain the business by myself, doing some marketing freelance to make money and made the decision to join le Wagon for the January batch. I thought, as I failed my project due to my lack of knowledge in technology I should do something about it. What was the learning I could get from this experience? The answer was definitely making my main 2018 drawback, a 2019 strength by learning how to code asap. A coding boothcamp was the answer ! I already had friends that had been through Le Wagon and just loved the experience, choosing Le Wagon was a no brainer. However I was not making enough money to join le Wagon Paris and live in Paris for two months without freelancing at all. This is when I decided to pick the most exciting AND cheapest cost of life destination where Le Wagon had a campus… BALI, Indonesia.I had buried my project already.I was not proud about the project I failed, I felt guilty and I kept thinking I could have done better… I had wasted so much money. It was difficult for me to get over it and even though I kept telling myself failure makes success, being raised in French culture where failure is not really valued it was not easy. Not because of people or friends who were very supportive, but just me…Honestly running away from Paris and learning code in Bali was some kind of escape, but I really wanted to gain knowledge on how people do business in other cultures. Being in Paris, at Station F at the heart of the French entrepreneurship was great but I wanted to learn from other entrepreneurs outside Paris and outside France. I didn’t really knew what I could expect but I didn’t want to hear about marketplaces and dressmakers anymore.2019, new year new challenges! I finally made it to Le Wagon Bali and I had the chance to be part of such a crazy team of Le Wagon Batch #217 with whom I almost spent 24/7 during 2 month. 18 people (teachers included) coming from all over the world (Brazil, UK, Ireland, Korea, Indonesia, USA, Italia, India, France, Thailand, Germany). Everyone had such a great story to share and such a great experience I could learn from. I felt blessed to be in the middle of such a diverse melting pot. During the boothcamp I finally had the great pleasure the re-code from scratch that project I failed last year thanks to an amazing international team (Korea, Ireland and UK) who really believed in this project. We even presented it during our demoday. A month after the end of the boothcamp we are now about to test it in Korea, Japan, UK and South America.Not only the Le Wagon Bali brought me knowledge on how to code my marketplace my-self but I also had the opportunity to share 2 month of my life in an immersive experience. This great team of international people really helped me getting over my recent episode turning it into a strength. Not sure about the outcome of my project yet, but it doesn’t really matter. That was the best therapy and the best entrepreneurial lesson I ever had.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are reading this review and deliberating whether to join Le Wagon, let me save you the time. Do it! I joined Le Wagon London Batch 222 (#batch222forlife) at the start of 2019 and from the first day till the last, I had an overwhelmingly positive... Read More experience in every aspect of the course. If you are like me, I had zero coding experience before Le Wagon. I was a freelance film director and spent most of my adult life avoiding anything that wasn’t story telling or dealing with pretty moving images. However, a year previous to joining Le Wagon, I had an idea for a mobile app that started to build with a developer and a couple of friends. After 9 months of the process, I soon realised that in order to manage the project to the best of my abilities, I needed far more knowledge in the world coding, app technologies and building tech businesses. So very impulsive I decided to find a coding school for a 101 crash course and that is when I found Le Wagon. At first, my initial reaction was being slightly anxious at the idea of paying 100% upfront for the course, without having been in or spoke to anyone that had attended. However within the first day of arriving I instantly released that I had made the right choice. In the 9 weeks I learnt such a huge amount about coding, app design and the best way to go about building and working with developers. The course helped instantly in evolving my thought processes about how to manage a technology project. I will not lie - it’s hard! Well it was for me. I felt every day someone had turned the temperature up inside my skull. But it’s fair to say that I was never going to be or intended on becoming a developer, sadly my brain is too routed in the world of imagination and fairy tales, its not built for solving complex coding problems, however that said, I really enjoyed the learning process and tackling the exercises. Slowly by surely it started to click.The most important thing for me was by the end of the course I knew what code is! I can read it, understand what is happening, know what good code is compared to bad code. I communicate with developers from a project management point of view, I know what good design is for web applications, how long it takes to build web applications etc. And regardless of the difficulty of the actual coding exercises that you do everyday, the course was a huge amount of fun as well!What most people fail to share is the social side of things at Le Wagon. By the end of week 1 myself and my course mates were heading to the pub regularly, challenging the teaching staff at Friday’s night beer pong, honing my karaoke abilities and forming a formidable pub quiz team. The staff my the atmosphere so relaxed and friendly, there is no hierarchy or tradition teaching environment. This really made it a joy coming in everyday. Since leaving the Le Wagon, I am now building and designing my app full time with a fellow student I met on my course, as the lead developer. We hope to have a working prototype ready to share with the world 6 weeks after gradating! And this has massively by the fact that we are taking full advantage of the co-working space here at Le Wagon which is great place to work and really affordable for London. In conclusion, my experiences I can’t recommend Le Wagon London highly enough if you are thinking about a coding course. It really has been a life changing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining le wagon I struggled to find a career path to be excited about, after graduating in Oriental languages I tried to pursue a digital marketing career and I had experiences in retail but none of them felt quite right. I have always been curious... Read More about coding but coming from a completely different background I had never actually considered the idea to learn how to code. But at one point I have finally decided that it was the time to do that and an intensive bootcamp seemed the right thing. Of course I had some hesitations as I was afraid that I wouldn’t be able to learn anything in only 9 weeks but after I visited Le Wagon London and spoke with Alex I knew that I wanted to join. Now, after the bootcamp is finished, I can definitely say that for me was a life changing experience. It has been hard, you need to work lot and you’ll have discouraging times, but it is worth it! All the teachers are great and incredibly helpful and you will get lot of supports from the other students as well. I have learnt a lot and I am super excited to keep learning; once you start you will want to know more and more. And besides the incredible things I am able to do now, the best thing is that I shared this experience with amazing people and now we are all part of the great Le Wagon community.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon in pursuit of a long term goal: to become a developer. I’d spent time trying to complete online tutorials with varied success. I then spent nine weeks immersed in a fun environment, with peers on the same journey as me, supported by... Read More some of the best tutors I’ve had the pleasure of working with. I learned more than I thought I could.Le Wagon isn’t just about teaching you to code. The curriculum is rounded as such that what you learn is totally applicable to anyone who wants to work in product development. It provides you with the knowledge and resources to be able to create awesome digital products whether that be pitching, design, user experience and more.Le Wagon is a big commitment. For me it was a big step to leave a job to go back into education but my advice is just do it, and the sooner the better! The bootcamp is not easy, but it’s so rewarding.I leave Le Wagon able to pursue a career as a developer, with a new set of friends with whom I’ve shared an incredible journey and a community of developers to call upon for support. I say leave, Le Wagon’s never really over, I’ll be seeing everyone for beers this Friday ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Patrick, I studied entrepreneurship and I’m now pursuing my entire career in freelance.I work happily as a Product Owner, Product Manager or Change Management consultant.I had been in a tech environment for a while now, from which I was missing... Read More the codes (no pun intended!). The more I dove into technical projects and the more I became frustrated not being able to access the code and fix minor bugs myself. Moreover, in order to write and document issues for the developers, I spent a lot of time reading and listening to technical stuff that I didn’t understand fully. Common sense can only bring you so far, sooner or later you end up saying something stupid to a developer’s ears and wasting everyone’s time.I knew I could find all I wanted to learn online, however those links had been sitting in my favs for a while and deep down I knew I would never get to it. I needed someone to kick my ass into learning to code. That’s why I chose Le Wagon.The most important thing Le Wagon brought me was inner peace: since the training I feel a lot more legitimate and I can gain the developers’ trust more easily because we have some common grounds.I am very satisfied with the training. Le Wagon gave me a good technical background that allows me to participate in software architecture decisions, access and search the database, facilitate bug tracking and most preciously understand developers’ work with all its inherent frustration, pain and joy.Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked as a model maker in the fashion industry for 5 years and I wanted to change my professional life. Coding has always been part of my life through my close circle. And one of my friends told me about Le Wagon. I did my research and loved how dynamic... Read More and start-up oriented it was. Also, the full stack program was what I was looking for. I spent three amazing months there that allowed me to change my life and become a full stack web developer in a web agency in Paris.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon bootcamp I had tried many things studing medecin, then dentistry, and ended up in a business school. I quit each time. After this, I spent six months doing almost nothing apart from thinking of what I could do, what work I could... Read More love doing in the future, that brought me to candidate to Le Wagon.After the first day of bootcamp, I knew coding would be a source of joy for me and I was sure I made the right choice. During the 9 weeks of the bootcamp, I met amazing people who I will keep in touch with and developed tremendous coding skills relative to the time I spent learning (I’d never written a single line of code before). The whole bootcamp has been an amazing experience, and a game changer for my future.I’m currently continuing work on the final project we pitched and developed during the last 10 days of the bootcamp. Whether it works, or it fails, I’ll keep coding and keep learning everything I can about coding. This is my new universe now, I love it, and I’ve been introduced to it in a perfect way with le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have done the bootcamp in Paris in 2017 (Batch #100) and those are 9 weeks I'll never forget. In my product management job I use every day knowledge that I gathered during the bootcamp. I have learned so much about programming, product development and... Read More entrepreneurship in 9 weeks. In addition to that, le Wagon is a really awesome community full of inspiring and welcoming people. Being an alumni is really nice because of all the perks and activities that continue beyond the bootcamp. I would strongly advise anyone seriously interested in programming to enroll in le Wagon's bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a Designer willing to be an Entrepreneur, learning how to code a landing page was a must! It's like learning a new language so at first you are completly lost but the Bootcamp helps you finding your marks. The team is here to help at all times, and... Read More the classes are well organised. You will learn how to translate graphic design into working web pages; and how to troubleshoot layout and code problems when they come up. It was the highlight of my year 2018!Read Less",le-wagon
"After getting a higher technician diploma in international business, I started to work as a seasonal worker in several hotels for 2 years. Looking for a career and life change, I decided to enroll at Le Wagon. Starting from scratch, this bootcamp quickly... Read More helped me get many technical skills. It requires a lot of time and commitment but it is definitely worth it. Above all, it was an amazing human experience. Afterwards, I decided not to stop learning and joined a great Web School called HETIC in order to get a Master in Big Data by 2021.Read Less",le-wagon
Before Le Wagon I was working as a digital marketer. I got bored and decided to do something else. I’ve been interested in computer programming my whole life and so I decided to join Le Wagon. This bootcamp had the best reputation in Paris and in the... Read More world so the choice was easy for me. Joining Le Wagon was one of the best choice I’ve made in my life. It helped me gain technical skills but I also met amazing people. I would recommend it to anyone.And if you’re afraid that you won’t find a job after it: 2 weeks after the end of my batch I found a job as a Fullstack developer in a brand new startup (and I’m not the only one..) !Read Less,le-wagon
"I took place in #batch 213, Bordeaux, France @ Le Wagon after finding out about it from a friend who had taken part in winter 2018 Paris program. I will never look back on this experience. It has given me so much confidence, inspired me to love learning... Read More and hard work, especially within a team, and finally to take ownership for my own progress. I entered the batch as perhaps the least likely to fit the stereotype or profile of a web developer or a coder, I was the youngest and I was the only foreigner (half English and Spanish, but thankfully fluent in French!) This did not stop me from putting myself out there, and I managed to pitch a successful project that we created in the last 2 weeks of the 9-week program. My group of 4 developed 'Concierge At Sea', an app to improve clients' experience renting super yachts, and to facilitate an easier working day for the crew managing their guests' needs. I did not expect to make such genuine friends on this course, and the profile of those who I worked alongside surprised me daily as we were shuffled between buddies. The course is structured, empowering and totally worth every penny. I thoroughly recommend anyone sitting on the fence to take the step and go for this!https://www.lewagon.com/fr/bordeauxRead Less",le-wagon
"I recently completed the 8 week intensive course in Le Wagon Bali. Intensive really is the key word here as this course will challenge you immensely but do not let that deter you as it is an amazing experience.It’s not just about the code either. Yes,... Read More I did the course as I wanted to change my career (I used to work in the construction industry), but a reason to choose Le Wagon and Bali goes past that.During the course, you will learn a lot, and I mean a lot. The first few weeks can be a little overwhelming but after a while, you find your feet, and it all starts to fall into place. You will learn different languages, design, databases and much more in between. Then the last two weeks are dedicated to creating a real-life web app to be hosted live on the web.This last two weeks is amazing really to see what you and your classmates can build from scratch in a short period of time. You will be very surprised by this as I was.From the very first week, you are immersed in code with a group of like-minded individuals from various countries, cultures and backgrounds. As most people are not local to the area, you quite quickly become something of a family as you fully immerse yourself in the code and in beautiful Bali lifestyle. You will share in each others joys and frustrations during the next two months and create some incredible memories with friends that will go way beyond the lifetime of the course itself.By joining Le Wagon you are joining a vast network of Alumni that are scattered across the globe. Going to any new city and it is easy to find someone to connect within the area to meet up with for a coffee and welcome you the area.The guys that run Le Wagon in Bali are phenomenal. They take care of everything from the moment you arrive so that you as the student can focus fully on learning. They really go the extra mile to make sure that it is an enjoyable experience. They organise so many activities, dinners etc.. that it really makes the experience so amazing.Overall I am so happy that I took the plunge and joined Le Wagon Bali as it is a time in my life that will live long in the memory for sure. I would encourage anyone thinking about making a similar choice to go for it as you won’t regret it.Good luck on your code journey and maybe I will speak to you as a Le Wagon alumni soon.Read Less",le-wagon
"J’ai fait Le Wagon à Bordeaux pour le batch 213, une formation intensive au développement web.Super formation !Les 3 premières semaines sont difficiles. Il faut s’accrocher !Le programme est vraiment bien élaboré, les professeurs sont au top avec beaucoup... Read More d’empathie envers les stagiaires. Ils prennent tout le temps qu’il faut avec chacun de nous jusqu’à ce qu’on comprenne totalement notre code. Les 3 dernières semaines où on code nos sites web en groupe sont les plus cools. C’est hyper grisant de réussir à créer des interfaces et faire fonctionner une plateforme web en si peu de temps.Avec mon groupe on a codé “Catch me”https://www.catchmebx.frSi vous passez à Bordeaux un de ces jours, ça vous permettra de savoir très rapidement et précisément, avec le moins de clics possible, dans combien de temps arrive votre tram ou bus.En somme, je recommande vivement Le Wagon ! https://www.lewagon.com/frEt en plus on se fait des bons potes pendant ces 2 mois ! ;)Maintenant je perfectionne mes bases pour prendre de l’assurance afin de trouver un stage dans une agence de développement web.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was working dead end jobs at minimum wage. I always had a passion for computers but I always failed to understand computer programming. Last year I was looking for coding bootcamps to join in Montreal. I found Le Wagon due to their reputation... Read More around the world, which made my decision on joining the bootcamp much easier. Once I started the bootcamp after 2 weeks, I was discouraged because each day I had something new to learn I felt like I couldn't keep up. By the time the fourth week came around I understood more and became confident that I can complete the bootcamp. Overall I'm glad I went through this experience and I would do it over again. Now I have the skills of a Full-Stack Developer to start my new career.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm an graphic designer by training, after a few years abroad in a developing country, I decided to enroll at Le Wagon Bootcamp in Paris to get familiar with programming languages and broaden my range of skills.This experience was even more enriching... Read More than I had imagined. The training is demanding and sometimes tough but I have always been able to rely on the goodwill and expertise of the great teaching staff.Retrospectively, I am still amazed by the quantity of knowledge that I have gained in 9 weeks. I also built bonds with many students with various backgrounds from my batch and I think it is one of the great strengths of Le Wagon.Since then, I work as a consultant for various companies and individuals. Not only as a graphic designer but now also as a developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"People wonder how 9 weeks can change your life, le Wagon is how. I graduated from Northwestern University, in Chicago last June with a major in neuroscience and have since been determined to become a doctor. However, I believe that the classic path to... Read More medicine lacks a tech aspect that I wanted to settle during my gap year. I was told about Le Wagon, a nine week intensive bootcamp that gives you the necessary skills to create your own projects using the right tools and workflow. In the medical world, it is believed that “computing capability can transcend what a human being could ever do in their lifetime”. Le Wagon teaches you how to teach your computer to learn with the most competent teachers you could hope for. The different backgrounds that you encounter at Le Wagon make you grow as a person and teach you how to tackle different problems with a variety of interpretations and solutions. People don’t compete with each other, they only help you compete with the person you were the day before. Not only does Le Wagon give you the technical competence to accomplish your projects, but the environment fostered drives you to constantly improve. The staff is here for every single student every step of the way: from helping create a dynamic environment between the students to presenting you with a myriad of opportunities to accomplish what you want(organized talks, meetings with startups etc..) to giving you advice on any help you could potentially need, and making themselves completely available. I have never worked with a team so dedicated to the success of the students. You are taught to never give up but to fight harder to succeed. Le Wagon gave me some of the technical skills that I wanted and taught me that nothing is impossible. I am now doing a bootcamp in machine learning and artificial intelligence (Data science), to combine it which the coding skills I learnt at le Wagon in order to bring that to the next step of my medical studies and to constantly help the medical world evolve in the right direction. Le wagon doesn’t last 9 weeks, it lasts your whole life. You build very strong links with the people that you work with everyday and with the family that you’ve become part of. The staff stays constantly available: before, during and after to accompany you and make sure you have own the keys to your success, the alumnis are always willing to help, to give you advice and to share their stories: everyone is here to help. I’m extremely grateful for what Le Wagon has taught me, both technically and humanely and wish everyone to have such a life-changing experience. Contact me if you have absolutely any question I could answer/help with!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"After a 6 years as a Traffic Manager I decided to join Le Wagon because I wanted to understand how to make a website from scratch.Right after the bootcamp, I got contacted by an digital agency to do Growth Hacking as a freelance which I got really keen... Read More on. The skills I learned at Le Wagon now help me to better sell myself and efficiently work with developers, which most growth marketers I have met can’t do as they do not have coding skillsRead Less",le-wagon
"Network - the course is not the end. I was surprised to see the community of 4,000+ alumni so active online where people are willing to help each other on programming, career, even just a short visit to another city where Le Wagon campus is based in.... Read MoreCurriculum - Each time we learn a new concept, they let you build things from scratch by yourself first so that you see what’s behind all the magic. Also, they advance the level pretty fast - we start building small apps from week 2! It was tough but definitely helped build an architectural mindset from the beginning.All the learnings lead to product building, which I think is essential for a full stack developer. There is a sprint day on user journey, user flow, design, wireframe and we were given two weeks to build a mock product and a real one for demo day. Our project team learned and enjoyed the journey so much that we decided to carry on with the project to launch it after the program. I think it wouldn’t have been possible without the confidence and encouragement we got throughout the course.Last but not least, Le Wagon has a campus in Bali! Even though this was one of the main reasons I chose Le Wagon, I didn’t imagine it would make such a difference. Nature, lifestyle and people in Bali made this experience so much more inspiring. I was able to pursue a balanced life between coding and healing. We had yoga sessions outdoor regularly to get our poor brain and body burnt out by coding some rest. Being away from everything else, I could fully immerse into coding and the Bali team helped me adapt perfectly to Bali life and enjoy the experiences that I should not miss in here.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from Telecom ParisTech but I was not very familiar with code as I haven't been practicing for years. After a 5-year experience in the catering business, I decided to re-learn to code (nearly) from scratch by choosing to enrol at Le Wagon.... Read More I took a great pleasure while I was quickly moving forward. The steady immersion in an environment full of traps and spanners, the quality of the provided tools that is perfectly customised to the teaching of this practice, the great skills of the teachers and their ability to adapt to beginners to better help them to assimilate new concepts, the consistency of the teaching modules and their timeline, the nice work environment where the spirit of co-operation and comradeship is present from day 1, all these elements actively contributed to make me learn not only the basics enabling me to launch a decent web app on my own, but also make me acquire such a taste for coding that I could start a safe transition in web development, and only 2 months after the bootcamp I got hired as a junior developer in a very promising startup. I urge everybody to join a coding bootcamp once in a lifetime, even out of curiosity, to discover how the web, one of the most precious and used tools, works and Le Wagon has an unquestionable know-how to make this experience truly exciting.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting the bootcamp, I worked for years in international trade, mainly in supply chain management. In Brazil, Switzerland and France, I jumped from company to company several times until I realized that I was getting bored at work. But more than... Read More that, I needed to have autonomy in my work and not be limited to lengthy processes, hierarchies and meticulously delimited hours.It became obvious to me that I needed not only to change my career, but to also learn something new that would not cease to stimulate me, in an innovative and dynamic field… then I heard about Le Wagon. Enrolling for the batch #220 was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made in my life.They say the first 3 weeks are difficult, it’s actually worst than that. In the beginning, I thought that coding was after all maybe not for me! That’s when the pedagogical team and the environment played an incredible role, and everybody pushes you to go beyond your mental boundaries. Asking for a Teacher or an Assistant helps you to formulate the right questions and find your own solutions. The school’s methodology is very well developed and the learning curve does not stop rising. At the end of the second week, I remembered my first day there and I was amazed at the progress I had already made.Being challenged and solving problems every day was one of the most exciting adventures I’ve ever experienced. It’s very intense, but rewarding when you see how much your brain can learn in 9 weeks.Besides the different languages, many other skills I’ve learned and the projects I’ve been able to develop from scratch, I’m now part of a strong and empowering community.More than that, thanks to Le Wagon, I now have the tools to define a whole new career and I regained the freedom to invest myself in what really motivates me.Read Less",le-wagon
"A bit about myself, I studied economics and like a lot of my friends I started working at a bank to be surrounded by like-minded folks but I always had this proclivity for coding. I tried to make some time for it and learn it by myself. I learned a few... Read More things but felt very slow and unstructured like I didn’t understand how I could use what I learned in real-life. I could spend days learning something… or I could learn “how to learn” a language and be much more effective. After researching a few other bootcamps, that’s where Le Wagon-Montreal came into play.What I really liked was the teaching methods. 1 to 2 hour lecture in the morning then you’re off in pairs trying to solve challenges and that’s where most of the learning occurs. When you challenge yourself daily to find answers to problems you develop what I consider the most important web development tool: Problem solving. Of course, there’s always someone to help in case you are stuck. That, for a month and a half is challenging but incredibly rewarding. In the end, you spend a few weeks applying what you learned in a team environment on a project of your choosing and learn how to pitch it!Le Wagon exceeded my expectations on how much you can learn in just 9 weeks. I also liked that, unlike other bootcamps, it did not advertise itself as a hiring machine here to find you a job as soon as possible. It’s up to you to keep coding and decide what you want to do with it.I plan on using Le Wagon’s resources and wide network of alumni and business connections to find a job that aligns with my objectives. I highly recommend this bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always been interested in the tech area and a few years ago I have tried to learn programming on my own and it was awful! Even though I could understand a little bit of what was going on, I couldn´t see the bigger picture and so it did not make... Read More any sense.I found Le Wagon browsing on the web and after a couple of meetings, I have decided to give it a shot and I can say that it was amazing. The methodology is great and you really learn by practicing! The environment also helps a lot our development as we are in touch with several other people that have the same goal and we also have great support by the staff, teachers and TA´s. I think what makes this experience the greatest, is the focus on one final goal and on Le Wagon the focus is on developing a product, not only on theoretical knowledge, so first you spend some good weeks learning all of the concepts and doing a lot of exercises to consolidate what you learn and after that you learn to work as a team and develop your own product.I can say that the results from this bootcamp were way beyond my expectations! Now I can say that I really know how to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"My forties crisis? One thing is certain, I wanted to change my life. I worked more than 60 hours a week, sometimes even at night, without counting, for a company that was looking for its business model. Health concerns have led me to question my lifestyle... Read More and commitment. We used web agencies and developers, but the result was not up to our expectations. Creating a simple landing page for the launch of a service seemed out of reach to me. There was some mystery and fascination with the code. There are many online resources for learning. I had started a few years ago to learn the basics with Codecademy. However, learning alone in front of a screen requires will and commitment. I did not even go after the first week.As a perfectionist, I like things to be done according to the rules. Writers learn the rules of the language, before freeing themselves from them to create masterpieces. I had to learn the basics to move forward. That's why I opted for a shortcut, to integrate a bootcamp that has proven its worth, with a well-defined methodology. The one of Le Wagon is proven. The motto is explicit : 'change your life, learn to code'. So I decided to make a leap of faith, my goal was not to become a developer, but to understand the mindset and the ""working process"". I had been warned from the first day: it would be difficult, do not compare yourself to others, each progressing at his own pace. Optimistic by nature, I had not measured the extent of these warnings. Go back to the place of a student, take a class in the morning, and then continue with exercises the rest of the day, get stuck in front of an error message, try to understand why, and solve the error, move on to the next one. New concepts every day, then exercises, every day. For nine weeks. But it is worth it. Actually, thinking backward, it seems obvious: facing a complex problem, you divide it into smaller parts, and keep resolving each one. Simple to say, the execution takes time. I learned to step back on the issue, and to consider the different options. Now with this experience I can face a problem without fear, and keep confident. My first experience: debugging a website made with wordpress, the client was looking for an expert. A friend of mine sent me the request and told me to accept the challenge, and to fake it until I make it. Well I made it. Today I am launching my web agency, targeting the Chinese market, and helping companies who want to brand overseas. In the meantime, I can bootstrap with freelance gigs with my new skills. I can discuss web marketing and web strategy with my clients, asking senior developers to help me in the process, I keep learning every day, still face error messages, but fearless and confident...Would I recommend Le Wagon? 110%, would I do it again? Definitely. And more : I would go back to my twenties and kick my ass to learn to code. My next challenge: be fluent in mandarin.Who knows what my fifties crisis will lead me to..Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from my degree in history, a true passion of mine, I started travelling the world with the objective of seeing with my own eyes what i’ve been learning in school for 3 years. My goal was actually to take a year off and then come back... Read More to Montreal to do my masters degree, in order to become a history teacher. One year and dozens of countries later, I still hadn't seen enough and decided to keep travelling and forgot about the teacher career. Soon after this, I discovered another passion of mine: landscape photography. It began taking a lot of space in my life, so when I came back to Montreal after 3 years of travelling, it became my job. One thing you need to know about me is that I LOVE to connect with people who I have interests in common. So alongside my freelance photography, I started organizing outdoor photography workshops, for people who wanted to take their photography skills to the next level. When the time came to make my website, I discovered a new (yes, another one) passion of mine: technology. It was like a new world appeared before my eyes. What was so appealing to me is that the tech world’s mission was to fix one problem at a time to make humans life not only easier, but also prettier, because of course, what I was more interested in was web design and digital art. It then became obvious for me that I wanted to be part of this new and exciting world and that coding was what interested me the most, especially that it would be very useful for my workshops. That’s when I started doing research on how I could become a programer. A friend of mine talked to me about Le Wagon and gave me his friend’s contact who graduated from the previous batch. I definitely asked him a lot of questions, can 9 weeks really be enough for anyone to become a programmer? What if I NEVER wrote a single line of code before? Am I smart enough? I haven't been in school for so long… What he told me was to trust the program and that anyone could become a programer with a lot of dedication and motivation. Motivated I was so I embarked myself in this crazy adventure at Le Wagon. I will be honest with you: I doubted. The first 2 weeks were so hard that I started asking myself if I really had what it takes to achieve my goal. Teachers, T.A’s and Alumnis were really reassuring though, telling me to trust not only the program but also myself and to just enjoy the ride. I sure did enjoy the ride! The staff, the social events and the friendships that came with the program were really what made the ride so enjoyable. Like I said I love to connect with people that have the same interest than me so le Wagon was perfect for that. So there I was, learning how to code alongside 16 other people from all over the world. However, if you told me at the beginning of the program that my app was going to get picked for demo day and that I would actually be able to design and code the app I don't think I would have believed you. Yet it happened! I coded my very own app with my team and pitched it in front of a 100 people at the Demo day. Now looking back at these very intense 9 weeks, what I can say is that it was certainly difficult, but so gratifying and I would start over anytime. I can now call myself a Full Stack developer and can get my hands on any junior dev job (not without a lot of preparation) or start my own project. Not bad for someone who never wrote a single line of code in her life!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had always had a strong interest in code which started when I was watching my tech team developing our software in previous companies. Before launching my next ventures I had decided that this time I wanted to have the knowledge to code the product... Read More myself. I had heard about the course from friends in Paris who had done it in the past and was glad to find the class had also been opened in Barcelona.The course is really rich in terms of learning, but it is made in a way that everything is divided in daily courses and exercises which are easy to follow. And if there is anything you don’t understand straight away, the teacher and TAs are helping you with everything you need.I would really recommend le Wagon course to anyone who either want to learn to code or simply become a better product owner by understanding what your engineers are working on. After the Bootcamp,Emma, Fred (a fellow le Wagon alumni) and I launched Amenitiz, a website-builder and digital management tool for the hospitality industry, and we’re now working with over 150 properties across Europe. Given the choice again, I would go back to le Wagon anytime, coding changed my life !Read Less",le-wagon
"I was really intimidated to enter the Wagon! I thought I was not prepared enough, not well equipped, maybe too old, too different, do not deserve my place, etc... In fact, I asked myself too much (bullshit) questions!Doing the Wagon's coding bootcamp... Read More was a revelation for me like destroying a wall that I had been building mentally for years and discovering skills I never thought I'd been able to master before!It was hard to cope with different problems 10 hours a day every day, but the hardest thing was to fight against myself and fail while usually it's not an option for you. And one of the best part was a lot of other girls out there I could share my doubts with, it was a very supportive community!This is a very intense but stimulating learning, you feel to exploit a new part of your brain remained dormant so far. If you doubt about yourself, you really have to trust the system, stay commited: a teacher, a TA, an alumni will always be at your side to reassure you about your potential, share his own experience with you, and prove to you that yes ... you can do it as well!The pair-programming buddy, the Aperotalks with tech industry speakers, the Friday night beer off parties, the 10-day as a technical team project, the Office hours, etc... everything is carefully set up to improve your startup-up mindset, for networking and consolidating the community.9 weeks later, I go out more confident, the opportunities to work seems endless.And the aura of the Wagon follows you well after (with your Career Book at hand!) ... This is where you realize the chance to have been integrated into this great 5⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ family!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I worked for years in logistics for a French retailer and someday I realised that I was searching an opportunity and a change of my professional life. I was used to data manuplation and was curious about coding my own application in my... Read More spear time.So I tried to learn to code on online plateforms after work and in my weekends but it was far from efficient and I felt like wasting my time doing things that I didn't really understand. It was an frustrating coding experience until I decided to stop working and go for full-time bootcamp in Le Wagon. Here I spent 9 very intensive weeks that I never ever regretted with my motivated classmates, very good teachers Kelvin and Julien, and everyday helpful teaching assitants (during our coding time). It's with them that I managed to learn, and make mistakes. Today I know coding and I continue to code my own project with friends. And with what I learnt during these 9 weeks, I finally manage to learn other languages and technologies online myself. It opened a door to my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"A shift in my first job contract gave me three months to spare. It was then when a friend told me about Le Wagon and highly recommended to take it, I remember he literally said ""It will change your life"". I had a technical background, but not being capable... Read More of implementing anything was frustrating. I did not think it twice and I started my journey at Le Wagon.Looking back, Le Wagon was an intense experience, but really pleasant to carry. During the week, from 9 to 19ish, fantastic people from all the world with different backgrounds made time fly, and once coding was over, football and beers took place. At weekends, Barcelona's weather and lifestyle offered plenty of possibilities: going to the beach and playing volley ball, tasting local food or, the favourite of some of us, enjoying Barcelona's nightlife.Le Wagon was just the beginning on my coding journey. As soon as I finished the bootcamp, together with two friends, we founded a start-up. There are still loads of things to learn, but Le Wagon set the essential foundations to keep learning in a fast and solid way.Now it is me who highly recommend Le Wagon to all my lifelong friends and say ""It will change your life"".Read Less",le-wagon
"Going into University I was unsure what I wanted to do after but went straight into an Economics degree “to keep as many options open as possible”. Four years later, with my Economics Bachelor in hand and with one year of work experience, I knew two things.... Read More The first being that what I had done during my work experience was not for me and the second that I had no intentions of further theoretical learning of any subject.I decided to give myself a year to try different things: making a career out of my passion for cooking, travelling and giving myself time to figure things out. Working in a restaurant kitchen for three months, it quickly became clear that cooking was a passion but not a career for me. During that time a friend of mine was at le Wagon. Having already heard of the bootcamp whilst at University, I started to consider it for myself. I spoke to three alumni, from three very different backgrounds and I was convinced!Looking back, these 9 weeks were hands down the most intense and intellectually and socially stimulating that I can remember. It has been an incredible personal journey to be welcomed into the amazing group that is Le Wagon community. I have learnt hard skills that I really enjoy and feel I can apply in a professional environment and my future career. Sharing this experience with other students creates strong connections and strong friendships as a result.I cannot recommend Le Wagon strongly enough. Everyone will tell you that the most difficult part is the first three weeks but, for me, the hardest part was leaving all the amazing people I met straight after the end of the 9 weeks. My only advice then would be to give yourself some time after le Wagon, as it is truly a life changing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before le Wagon I tried to learn how to code by myself a couple of times but none of them were successful. The main challenges that I faced were that I didn’t really know what was important to learn and learning alone was just very too slow and tedious.... Read More At that point, friends recommended that I try Le Wagon and I did. That was the best decision I made in 2018 :) and now I recommend it to people in my entourage who want to learn how to code. Why? 1. The program’s content is well-thought, condensed and really practical. At the end, you have acquired a solid foundation on how the modern web works, and have enough knowledge to get started on what you want to do 2. The teaching method is amazing and leverages technology to make things stick using flashcards, gamification and pair coding - it’s really much more fun and engaging than learning alone with a book or an online course (trust me I’ve tried both). 3. The community vibe is energising, the staff is committed to your success, you’ll meet cool people. So, whether you want to become a web developer, start your project or just get a better understanding of how software works I highly recommend Le Wagon’s bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"During my 4 years experience in the start-up ecosystem, I’ve been dreaming of coding and taking part in the developers’ round-tables. However, my lack of technical skills was a barrier to my participation and it seemed like an unreachable dream until... Read More I discovered Le Wagon through my friends who experienced the same frustrations.During the 9 weeks of intensive training, the teachers did a phenomenal job as they drove the program with passion and great guidance to arm me with technical skills. Not only I am now able to working with my technical team but I can also develop my own web applications.Enrolling at Le Wagon also means joining a growing community of passionate developers from all around the world who are feeding the network on daily basis and sharing knowledge.The people I met, the experience I had and the skills I acquired were above my expectations. After Le Wagon, I decided to keep on coding and grow as a full stack developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has a very friendly environment, open to students coming from all around the world.I started programming in India in 2015 and then, in 2017, I came to Canada (Montreal) to continue my studies. Before starting the bootcamp with Le Wagon in 2019,... Read More I was studying in a private university in Montréal, the ""Institut Supérieur d’Informatique"", where I completed my AEC (Certificate of Collegial Studies).After that, I had two options: I was accepted at University (UQAM) for a technical program, or I could do Le Wagon. I thought a lot and evaluated both options and decided go with Le Wagon. I chose Le Wagon because of the learning environment but ESPECIALLY the fact that they use Ruby on Rails. Also, I preferred the fact that I would be studying 9 intensive weeks practicing instead of doing 3 years of theory at University.I do not regret my weeks spent at bootcamp, I learned a lot, it opened my eyes, it allowed me to really understand the world of programming. If I had to do this again, I do it again with a GREAT PLEASURE.The last 2 weeks of the bootcamp were very rewarding for me because I was able to apply what I had learned during the 7 weeks. My project, ”Hike Away”, was very interesting to create: it allows people to travel and discover other worlds. It can be checked here: http://www.hikeaway.ca/Read Less",le-wagon
I joined batch #220 of Le Wagon in January 2019. I worked for already 10 years in digital marketing and ecommerce  as Digital Director in retail industry but also in services (transportation and tourism) and in a start up as General Manager. I began to... Read More work when the first iphone was launched. All my jobs did not exist when I arrive in companies I worked for. I have always been confronted to some technical issues (mainly related to code) that I was not really aware of. Le Wagon is a unique occasion to get a full understanding of a 360 digital strategy when you come from business.It is also sometimes the occasion to discover new possibilities in your career.It has truly brought me a new world of possibles.I strongly recommend this experience to anybody interested in code/ digital business/ entrepreneurship.9 weeks is too short!Read Less,le-wagon
"After 3 years spent developing the business activity of a startup in the smart cities field (OPnGO), I decided to follow the coding bootcamp Le Wagon to develop my technical skills.Indeed, during my experience at OPnGO, I saw a start-up grow from 3 to... Read More 70 people in 30 months and I had to deal with scalability issues, especially on topics related to marketing. It occurred to me that it was not always easy to understand the problems of a technical team of 30 people and to interact with them. Moreover, it seemed to me that this lack of understanding could make my arbitration decisions less relevant, especially when defining the technical roadmap of the product. Finally, I quickly realized that becoming autonomous on the development of front-end improvements could represent a huge advantage in terms of responsiveness, especially with respect to tech teams that are often overloaded in the growth phase.The wagon perfectly met my expectations and even exceeded them by making me discover a network of alumni active and very supportive. The wagon will remain a very strong experience in my life and I know it will count in the way I approach my next challenges. Indeed, thanks to these new skills, I intend to integrate a new startup and to cross new stages of development.Read Less",le-wagon
"In 2011, I founded MorningCroissant, a marketplace for accommodation rentals.Prior to MorningCroissant, I worked in various managerial position in tech companies for 15 years in France and in Europe (Orange, Amgen, eBay).Le Wagon was a very efficient... Read More way to :- get a better understanding of technical flow &amp; developers’ challenges- and also to learn how to build prototypes for new ideas. This has already made a difference in my day-to-day job as an entrepreneur. I highly recommend it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon in Bali was one of my best life experiences. The full-stack web design course took place in Canggu, Bali. During the 2 months, we learned how to develop and release basic web applications using latest tools under the guidance of skilled and highly... Read More supportive instructors. We were working mainly with Ruby, Rails, SQL, and JavaScript.The classes took place place at a rooftop of a hotel with a pretty stunning view. We had a plentiful supply of fruits, snacks, coffee, and drinking water to keep us focused on the lesson :) You will get to experience coding solo and well as in groups. In the final stage of the course you will form a group to develop, release and present your web application. I would like to highlight that the process of group forming and topics choosing was very organic, fluent and well set up.The key to the success of this course was the staff that was very professional and friendly. You can always ask questions and get support when you are stuck on something. Dirk, who was the manager, was very supportive and caring.Everyone in the class, as well as other people in Canggu, were extremely friendly and Bali itself is beyond amazing. Nature, beaches, culture, sunsets, great people, nightlife, unforgettable views — there is so much that Bali is offering. I would recommend it to anyone who is seeking knowledge in web applications, traveling experiences and new friendships.I currently work as a Junior Software Developer using the knowledge I learned in our classes.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Matthieu, I’m 29 years old and I’ve recently completed the 9 week bootcamp at Le Wagon. The idea of following Le Wagon’s formation came to me after few years working in the law industry.Amateur of computer science, I wanted to develop my programing... Read More skills but did not want to spend more time than needed. I wished to be able to start working in this field ASAP. Since a few years, many companies offert this kind of quick formation and it’s hard to know which one to pick. I asked around, to friends, in the headhunting industry for instance, and many of them talked to me about this bootcamp. Unfortunately, when I applied, there were no place left, so I decided to follow another course until the next session. 3 month later, I finally enrolled at Le Wagon in Paris.The fact that I had followed a previous formation in programing helped me for the first days. Mostly, it enabled me to realize the benefits such a bootcamp : qualified, available and caring teachers. As far as I know, the programming community is full of helpful people and for most of your interrogations, you can find answers online. But for a beginner, having someone near you, explaining why your code went wrong is the easiest way to learn quickly. Besides the schooling, Le Wagon organises many events, allowing students to meet inspiring people (alumni, freelancers, CTOs, CEOs…) which is very helpful to build a network if you’re new to the tech industry. It helps you to decide which position you would like to hold after the bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 4 years in a fast-growing startup, I decided to leave the company few months ago as a Product Manager. I joined le Wagon because I experienced a lack of technical background within the product field &amp; felt that it was option for me to do. Indeed,... Read More I learned a lot about computer programming and now I see beyond the mockuping and design tasks that are regular for PM’s. All the skills that I learned help me now to go deeper into my job and explore infinite options to create awesome products. I highly recommend le Wagon to every PM/PO willing to level-up.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 3 years working in support functions for a Tech Startup, I was frustrated not having a better understanding of technical topics.I decided to develop coding skills with Le Wagon to find a job as product owner after the bootcamp. But the quality of... Read More the program made it really fun to learn and now I have decided to go on and improve my skills to actually find a job as web developer.Also gathering different kind of motivated people from diverse backgrounds to develop new expertise created a great atmosphere.I didn’t expect Le Wagon to have such an impact on my professional objectives and I highly recommend it.Read Less",le-wagon
"After my studies in Biomedical Science, I visited a technology conference where I realized how important it is to have some technical skills. A friend told me about “Le Wagon”, a coding bootcamp which is famous here in Paris and has the best reputation.... Read More It was a great opportunity to learn how to code with le Wagon. The courses were very well-designed. Every day, we were solving problems with a partner to immediately apply the new knowledge. Every day, I was working with a different person. This way I could get to know almost all of my classmates more closely. Most of my classmates were awesome with all different kinds of backgrounds.At the end of the bootcamp, we had our own real project with a team. Our project turned out better than we could have dreamed of.During the bootcamp, I disappeared for all of my other friends. Many evenings, there was a program at le Wagon such as talks and afterworks. And usually at the week end, I was really exhausted and sleeping all day. Now, I just finished le Wagon and I already sad and miss the team work. I am searching a job as a Ruby on Rails developer to deepen the knowledge learnt at le Wagon (at the moment I prefer coding to medical research). Since I am a bit afraid to forget everything, I review some lectures and exercises (I have lifelong access to videos to all lectures and to all exercises ). Even now, le Wagon is helping me how to proceed with my job search. Also, I feel optimistic with my new huge network.In summary: well-designed courses, meeting amazing people and making the impossible possibleRead Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was Head of Operations in a start-up in the Foodtech industry. I wanted to add technical skills to my resume and I choose Le Wagon which seemed to me the best ""product-oriented"" coding bootcamp.During 9 very intensive weeks I learned... Read More a lot, about RoR, HTML, CSS, JS etc.... but also about myself. I haven't been that challenged for years. I'm also glad I had the chance to meet all these people with very different backgrounds.I'm still impressed by the strength of the student / alumni network. Following the bootcamp I had great job opportunities from Le Wagon's alumni / entrepreneurs.I'm now about to start a new job as a Head of Product Mobile.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came to learn code, I have lived a great human adventure and probably the best educative experience ever.Behind learning programmation, my 3 main motivations were 1-To have better understanding of the world I live in 2-Get the technical knowledge to... Read More create a business 3-Meet new people and a potential business partner.After 2 intensive months I have difficulty to realize I have learnt to code in more than 6 langages (Ruby, Regex, SQL, HTML, CSS, JS…), and I am now able to code from scratch a web app and deploy it online in less than one week. I have been amazed by the quality of the lectures and the strength of the educative platform, enabling you to practice with a tailor-made approach, at your pace. The priority is clearly given to action and practice over theory (only 1h30 per day), and the last 3 weeks are dedicated entirely to projects.And when the 2 months are finished ... it’s just the beginning ! It feels great to be part of a big &amp; active alumni community full of wannabe entrepreneurs like me and potential partners for the future business I am working on.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon Paris for the Batch 201 in october 2018 after a master in financial engineering. I wanted to start an entrepreneurial project but I only had a visual idea of the product I wanted to launch. Initially, le Wagon bootcamp was an opportunity... Read More for me to rapidly get technical skills so that I could define needs for my product and work with developers.Finally, after the bootcamp, I decided to wait before starting my project and I am currently improving myself as web developer in freelance.Le Wagon bootcamp made me love programming thanks to its teachers and a great atmosphere. Even if we all have different background and come from different sectors, we are all here with the same goal : learning to code. I found that the daily format (course in the morning and working in pairs during the day) of the bootcamp was tailored to learn and improve quickly regardless of levels. Beyond the bootcamp itself, I really found interesting the workshops and talks that were organized. It is a good way to get inspire or to get informations on different jobs in tech. It is also always a good reason to have a beer with your buddies after an intense day !Finally, when you join Le Wagon, you join a community that helps you during the bootcamp, but also and mostly after the bootcamp, to find a job or support entrepreneurial projects.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started to work in the Tech industry after graduating from Business School in 2014. I was lucky enough to work in different teams, on various cool projects. But as time was passing by, I was getting more and more frustrated: although I thought I was... Read More getting the big picture, I had absolutely no understanding of the technical aspects of the products I was selling.About a year ago, a friend was telling me about the Wagon and how it completely changed his way of approaching things and tackling challenges. That’s when it hit me: I realised I was never going to be fulfilled evolving in a sector that was so impenetrable to me. I decided to quit my job and join the adventure, although I was kind of dreading going back to school… This was hands down the best decision I ever made. I met an amazing crowd of students, teachers and alumni. The program is dense, but well thought through, to such an extent that it kept on board 44 students with completely different levels of studies, knowledge or experiences. I never though you could pack so much in 9 weeks, and how rewarding it could be to finally understand the logic behind concepts that I had been exposed to for over 4 years.I’m now in the process of starting up my own software company, and I clearly wouldn’t have been able to do it without the bootcamp. It has given me the ability to be independent on so many aspects, and I truly believe it's a life changer to anyone questioning their future. Go for it, you won't regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"How simply describe this adventure. I joined Le Wagon for a very particular reason, learn to code in order to be able to code my own project. So, I was in the small club of the aspiring entrepreneurs, a minority in Le Wagon Students. Being from Finance... Read More (not the mathematical finance), I wasn’t very familiar with web development, and I haven’t good memories about learn to code at university. I was member of the « Nooo, code is just not for me ! » team. But Frankly, my 2 months experience with Le Wagon reconciled me with coding.First, the program helps you to build a coding knowledge from scratch, which was a very important point for me. Beyond knowing about HTML or CSS, building basic program with Ruby gave me the necessary background, and the desire to learn more. The firsts « Oh, that works! » were really important for me to break down the psychological barriers about coding. Thereafter, it became a game. Each day, we had new challenges. And each day, we felt stronger that the previous day. The last two weeks with the final Projects were the most exiting. It was at this point that everything we learned before swung into action. To conclude, I would just said that doing Le Wagon was a great experience. I liked the pace (morning courses then all day long to succeed the challenges), the Le Wagon crew (a large and available team of caring teachers), and the atmosphere (in and outside the classroom). OK, I’m not for sure now the best of the web developers, but I now know that coding is actually not that complicated, and that's what makes all the difference. ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"Having studied Politics at University and spending almost two years working in Fashion, although I could speak of my communication and organisation skills, I often regretted not having any ‘hard skills’ in the working world. What is more, I didn’t feel... Read More particularly fulfilled or mentally challenged in my day-to-day work. When I started applying for new jobs, it became clear to me that to break out of the industry my CV now anchored me to, I would have to finally step up to the challenge of developing one of these ‘hard skills’ I secretly wish I had. I had heard of friends learning to code and loving it, although I didn’t think I was good enough at maths or clever enough to try it myself. I decided to play around on Codecademy and actually found myself having fun, and so I decided to apply to Le Wagon. It is safe to say, I have absolutely no regrets! In 9 weeks, I have been able to learn so much and enjoyed every minute of it (even the struggles!) Other alumni had warned it would be intense, which it is, but it’s such a great learning environment and I never felt too discouraged to keep pushing myself. Le Wagon has now got me hooked, and now that the bootcamp is over, I want to continue learning to code and hope to find work in tech as either a dev or product owner!Read Less",le-wagon
"I finished my end-of-course internship in cosmetics as a product development manager few months ago. I studied Digital Marketing and was willing to deal with a product with technical aspects. To do so, it was essential for me to be able to talk with developers,... Read More using the right vocabulary, and really understand what was going on. A friend of mine who did Le Wagon talked to me about this 9 weeks of coding bootcamp. It was neither too long, nor too short. Perfect.That’s how I was part of Le Wagon Paris batch #220, one of the best experience of my life. From the very start, you feel that you are going to embark on an exciting adventure. Let’s be honest, you’ll learn how to code the hard way, sometimes you’ll dream of code, but it works. Not a day I was reticent to go there, all the students, teachers and staff members become your second family in a way, so you’ll never feel lonely and always supported.Of course I’ve gained technical skills. Even a week after the end of the bootcamp I am still amazed by the fact that we’ve coded a functional and really well designed app from scratch with my team.Humanly speaking, I already said that earlier but I insist, getting a foothold at Le Wagon is being part of a huge community all around the world, always glad to help you.What’s next then? As I want to work on a technical product, Product Owner is the perfect job for me. With the skills acquired thanks to Le Wagon, I am sure it will be easier for me to apply to this kind of job than before I’ve joined the bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m a Greek-American living in Paris for the past 12 years and I love solar power, biking, and music… and now coding! I’ve been working for the past six years as VP Marketing at DualSun, a French solar startup that developed an innovative solar panel.... Read More As part of my job, I frequently work with developers to build our web presence and I decided to do Le Wagon to work more efficiently with the developers — to be able to challenge and validate their work which is really hard to do when you don’t have the technical experience.I also wanted to do Le Wagon for personal reasons -- to learn something new, to work my brain differently, and simply to go back to school!And so I did Le Wagon Paris batch #220 (Jan-Feb 2019) and I LOVED it. It exceeded my expectations not only on a technical level, but on human and social levels as well.On a technical level, I now not only feel competent to challenge developers, I discovered I love coding and that there’s a lot of stuff (not everything) that I can do by myself!The program is really well-designed with a (superbly-coded!) online platform with lectures, videos, exercises, and more. The teachers and the TAs are great and helpful and make learning such a pleasure. And we had such a great time with the other students — every day, you work with a different “buddy” which is a great way to meet new people and discover new learning styles.Beyond the course, the staff at Le Wagon is amazing and organized many incredible side events - CEO talks, happy hours, coding competitions, and of course, the final Demo Day. And the network and post-bootcamp support is incredible too! I could go on and on….What’s next? I plan to go back to my job at DualSun with a more tech-focused role, and hopefully continue dev projects on the side, and who knows, maybe at some point, become a full-time developer.In short, Le Wagon is an incredible experience to learn how to code… and so much more!Read Less",le-wagon
"We all know that time flies, even more when you are having a good time. This defines exactly the bootcamp Le Wagon in Paris I just attended (batch #220). Before giving you more details on my awesome adventure at Le Wagon, let me tell you first how I came... Read More up with the decision to enroll in this bootcamp.Initially graduated in Finance degree, I worked in an asset management company as an accountant for 6 (long) years. Classic, steady and comfy executive job you would guess. Bored of seeing the same figures and Excel spreadsheets over and over again, I seized the opportunity during my company restructuration to change path. I was kind of a nerd during my childhood and was always interested in the web and tech fields. Having heard good things about Le Wagon from some friends working in this environment, I decided to give a look and a try after reading useful reviews (I hope this one will help too!)You could imagine that 9 weeks is too short for being a web developer … Indeed, this is brief but so efficient as those 9 weeks are perfectly optimized to learn! The courses are perfectly balanced between lectures in the morning and practical exercises for the rest of the day to assimilate on your own pace. You see and live every day differently as you learn to team up with people. The staff in Paris are warm and care about their students by paying attention to them until the end and after the bootcamp.I was starting from scratch on web languages, and I learned so much during the 9 weeks that I am now more confident to pursue my career in the web industry. My adventure in Le Wagon brought me a convivial social network and good friends with whom you could tell lame nerd joke! Don’t be afraid of going to the yoga that the bootcamp offers, first it will relax you from your laptop (and take some ninja naps) and you will make your body and mind more flexible (I was as flexible as a tree before and I can easily touch my feet now!)After Le Wagon, I plan to land a first job as a FullStack web dev job, and during the bootcamp, I had some friends that had ideas of project but didn’t know where to start the app, and I could tell them the feasibility with my Le Wagon experience. So, I have also several projects, including a bot that will automatize business flows and a personal finance planning analysis tool.Thank you for reading me and hope you will enjoy Le Wagon if you decide to step in!Read Less",le-wagon
"Soon to be graduated from a business school, I joined Le Wagon in January 2019. After a digital marketing master, that provided me academic knowledge, I felt like I needed some technical skills. Learning to code seemed to be the most relevant thing to... Read More do. I won’t tell you that I was passionate about coding before joining Le Wagon, I won’t tell you either that I dreamed about becoming a developer since my first day at kindergarten. That is not who I was and besides this, this is not really the type of people Le Wagon is targeting. But I can tell you one thing: I wanted to learn something that will help me to stand out from the crowd of “business-students-willing-to-work-in-digital-marketing”. And thanks to Le Wagon, I have been served! Honestly, I can say that it was one of the most enlightening experiences of my life. I learned so much. I learned about API, parsing, scraping, AJAX… Did I lose you? That’s ok, I can’t even realize that I am actually using these words, me, Jeanne, that used to be a French Literature student! And this is what I liked the most about Le Wagon: people coming from different backgrounds, but no one knew how to code. Working alongside curious people challenged me every day to do my best. Now, I can say I like to code, but what I like the most about coding is that it is a world of possibilities, and the knowledge never stops! It has truly changed my vision of the digital world and I feel ready now to join a tech start-up or a digital agency/consulting firm.Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked 2 years for Saas start-up in Healthcare industry as a Customer Onboarding Manager: I knew everything about the product and worked closely with the PO and the Tech team to improve it on a daily basis.But after the merger with our competitor, we... Read More grew so much that every team was working in silo and I lost all connection with the product development.I then realized it was my favorite part of the job: reflect on, improve, test and design the product.So I enrolled for Le Wagon Bootcamp to become a Product Owner, and finally be officially shaping the product.But halfway through the training and as the end was approching, I had my second epiphany: I didn't want to stop learning and coding!With Le Wagon not only I learned basic coding skills but also discovered the developper mindset: 	- curiosity is your prerequisite, 	- failing means trying means improving, 	- The one asking may be the one sharing and vice-versaThe teaching method was far more well thought out and effective than in my business school, that is why I feel so confident what will happen next!Read Less",le-wagon
"I got my Master II in Digital Business &amp; e-Commerce in September 2018. I did a work/study training program in Saint-Gobain for the last 2 years, in the e-Commerce department.Interviews after interviews, one thing kept coming back: I did not have enough... Read More tech abilities. That’s why I decided to join Le Wagon in January 2019 in Paris. At first, I thought that I would be overwhelmed by all the new things I was going to learn, but the program is extremely well studied, and everything then seems obvious. 9 weeks can seem short to learn to code an app from scratch, but you would be amazed how fast you’ll learn. The atmosphere at Le Wagon is very family-like. Everyone is here to help each other, no one is better than anyone. We all share the same ambitions and the same will to learn something new. There are lots of different types of profiles, and that’s what amazing about it.Le Wagon was kind of life changing experience for me. Now that I found what I really enjoy doing, I’m looking for a position as a Developer Web Junior, I decided to get away from the business side. I’m much happier in the tech environment.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as a Product Manager at a tech startup in Paris before I joined Le Wagon. I went to their Bali location as I was looking for a change of scenery to consider the next chapter of my professional career as well as to deepen my technical knowledge... Read More and expertise to be able to lead technical projects with a more hands-on approach.The bootcamp has exceeded my expectations on all fronts. Not only did I get comprehensive experience on all full-stack development notions and beyond (databases, test-driven development, API integrations and build, background jobs, mailers, javascript plugins…), the very product-driven approach offered by Le Wagon really has every student consider and experience first-hand how to develop products with a good UX/UI and market fit. The friendships and the network developed hold no comparison, and the surfing, yoga, scenery and multiple events organised by Le Wagon were awesome bonuses.For a couple of months, we’ve all felt a renewed sense of confidence, creativity and energy. It was a really life-changing experience, far from what one could expect from a simple bootcamp, and one of the best decisions/investments I’ve made in my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"I applied to the Wagon bootcamp to strengthen my technical skills. I began my career as a Consultant, then as a Marketing Project Manager in a pure player travel company. I liked the digital ecosystem very much. I could rapidly evolve as a Software Product... Read More Manager, which I enjoyed very much. However, this new job required to develop new skills, to be able to translate the Product vision into something that could be understood and used by the developers in my team. I felt uncomfortable, because I had a too approximative idea of how a website is built. Le Wagon gave me a solid technical basis that helps me everyday to understand precisely the technical implications of the features I imagine. Also, it gave me the keys to dig deeper into technical subjects that interest me. For instance, I was able to develop my first chatbot, and I recently began a training on data science!Read Less",le-wagon
"Since I was a child, I’ve always had lots of business ideas related with internet, but I’ve never found the right moment to develop them, and one of the main reasons was my unknowledge of web development.Last year, I decided to make a break on my professional... Read More career on business consulting to learn new things and decide what had to be my next professional movement. At that moment, I had a business idea, so I decided to learn to code and develop the web-app by myself.I chose Le Wagon because its academic program was not just learning to code, it was much more than that, it was learning to develop your own web-app, through methodologies like Lean StartUp, UserExperience, Agile and Scrum, Prototyping, etc. I realized that the Coding Bootcamp of Le Wagon was the best program to make real any business idea that you could had.Then, the experience was amazing. Nine weeks working really hard, learning lots of programming languages, and the best part of the bootcamp, making our web app in teams, designing the solution and coding an entire web app in just two weeks. And outside classes, all the activities that we did with classmates: football and tennis matches, parties, trips, concerts, etc.I’m very happy to have chosen Le Wagon due to all the people that I met and for everything I learned, I’ll never forget this amazing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
Summary One of the best education I've ever had with 2 factors;Got practical skills in a short period of time: Everyday-coding challenges after morning lecture never let us leave just as lecture but as practical experience.Surrounded by smart / passion... Read More / diversed people.I've been always interested in programming when I was doing internship for a startup before Le Wagon. And finally I jumped into Le Wagon Tokyo right after my graduation of bachelor degree in business.Read Less,le-wagon
"After study and work as an Agricultural Engineer, I realized that that was not for me, I was feeling frustrated and quite worried about my future, I didn't want to expend my life doing things that I did not like nor willing to expend years studying something... Read More else, so I decided to travel and study at Le Wagon, I went to Buenos Aires, Argentina, it was the batch number 198, so many doubts about everything but thanks to Sebas, the driver and Sam, one of the teachers, it was an awesome experience (and of course, with their massive patience)!In fact, 2 months after finishing the bootcamp, I get my first developer job! Now that I'm working, I realize how accurate is Le Wagon's syllabus, I'm using pretty much everything! Also, other remarkable aspects are the alumni network (it is huge, where everybody shares knowledge, jokes, job offers, asks for help, and so on), you keep the lectures recorded and exercises, you have yoga lessons and many extra activities, such as barbeques and meetups.I totally recommend investing in it.Read Less",le-wagon
"In Le Wagon I’ve found myself in an exciting community full of people that share with me a passion for creating, learning and coding. This sense of community and friendship was really important during the bootcamp to keep me motivated and excited for... Read More each day, sharing all our doubts, difficulties and personal knowledge was a special key element of Le Wagon, as well as all the dinners and events we shared together! All the teachers were caring and made sure we were taking full advantage of what the bootcamp had to offer. As well as an awesome curriculum full of coding technologies, we were taught important soft skills that really helped me getting my career started in the tech world right after the bootcamp finished. Even now my batch is over, I was left with direct contact to all Le Wagon’s online groups and communities filled with experienced teachers, alumni and new learning content to keep expanding my knowledge and stay in touch with all the great people I got to meet. I’m very happy I was able to be part of such an awesome experience, and I’m so excited to go into my new job and put to practice everything I learned in Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I started my career in the shipping industry (oceangoing tankers) and got quite frustrated by its conservative working methods, especially the lack and quality of software I had to work with. Coming from a background of economics, I understood linear... Read More programming problems but had no knowledge about coding. After playing around with excel macros I learned that I enjoyed these kind of problems but did not know how I could get into coding as I hadn't studied computer science (and I certainly did not intend to spend years in school again). Also the false idea that you have to love math left me somewhat reluctant. I decided to take a break and travel for some time. Close to the end of my trip I ran into the concept of coding bootcamps. I don't remember what the lead was that made me look in this direction but as soon as it caught my attention I got very excited. I specifically liked LeWagon since they are hosting a program that is oriented towards building a product (I am entrepreneurial by nature so this suited my personal interest). Also they were priced most competitively. During the bootcamp I was amazed by the learning curve. I had zero knowledge of coding; I initially did not know what frontend or backend meant, what Github was or what happens with an http request. Actually, even html and css were new concepts to me. A new world opened up to me! During the bootcamp you have a morning lecture, followed by working on problems with a buddy (pair programming) in the end of the morning and afternoon to discuss the problems and live-coding at night. This mix of learn-by-watching, learn by doing and learning-by-teaching method is extremely effective.Apart from the super fast learning that I enjoyed I became very excited about how there is no end to the innovation and creativity in tech. Halfway the bootcamp we got to pitch our own ideas in order to choose a final project. From my time in shipping, I had an idea to automate a complex process of contract assessment in order to determine what charterers have to pay shipowners for incurred delays in port. Three other students chose to join the project and we worked on it for the last two weeks of the bootcamp. Many times we thought we got in way over our heads but there was a lot of support from teachers to help us crawl through the challenges we faced. Eventually we got to present a well working and good-looking MVP at the grand finale: demo day. In those last weeks basically everything that we previously learned came together and fell into place perfectly. We did not only learn how to solve coding problems but also how to collaborate in teams and align the many different tasks that the project required. Since the bootcamp many new ideas came to mind. You start looking at problems in a different way and it so much easier to evaluate what the scope of a project is and whether it is worth to get started on it. And to get started has become very accessible now. I strongly feel that learning to code for my generation is equally important as being able to speak English. Even if you don't end up becoming a developer, knowing how the digital world fits together is essential. I have already recommended this bootcamp to many of my friends. In my opinion this is the most effective way to learn the essential range of concepts and skills in a very very short time.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon taught me how to build an app front to back, that’s true, but it was so much more than that - it taught me how to structure my ideas, where to start and how to build it, it taught me how to learn new things and gave me a new way of approaching... Read More the subjects I have yet to learn. I had been doing some courses before enrolling, going over subjects that I only managed to grasp during my time at the bootcamp. Your mindset is everything and the experience of working in a tightly knit collective is invaluable - seeing that I wasn’t the one struggling at times or having people to celebrate with when we got a feature to work helped my learning journey. I also want to thank our driver here in Copenhagen - together with our teachers, he was a constant source of encouragement and support.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon has been an incredible experience in an uncountable amount of ways. If you’re considering doing a coding bootcamp, choose Le wagon. Where did it start?My interest in coding started when I experienced some limitations at work; I really wanted... Read More to create something and I knew how it should work or look but I didn’t know how to tell the computer exactly what I wanted. I researched coding and web development and used many free online tutorials, and I felt like I had made some progress, I could really write some lines of code and manipulate things on a website (felt pretty cool), but I didn’t know where to go from there, I could write some lines, knew some syntax, but there was no way I could create a full product, where would I start? After drowning myself in all the resources out there, I felt more and more confused and decided it was time to get some guidance. Before choosing...After researching coding bootcamps, it was clear that Le wagon was going to be a great choice. Although, I was a little skeptical at first because they seemed to just have endlessly positive reviews and I thought that can’t be right? Are these reviews real? (I can of course confirm that they are, now that i’m here writing one myself). Le wagon appeared to offer many interesting technical skills, but also seemed focused on teaching students to create a product as a whole, and focused on supporting entrepreneurship too. I watched a bunch of their demo day videos* from many cities and I was beyond impressed. I remember thinking “Wow, some of these ideas seem absolutely genius, and the presentation of the final products are really inspiring”. I wanted to be able to create something like that!Which city should I choose?Le wagon offers their course in heaps of cities, and although I was choosing between several cities, Barcelona was a clear winner for me. I wanted to stay in Europe, and after researching, Barcelona had one of the lower costs of living. Not only is it home to many start-ups and makes a regular appearance on lists about tech hubs in Europe, but it is also located on the lovely Mediterranean, and who would turn down a city with sunny beaches and beautiful mountains all in one.After applying…After I filled out the form on the Le Wagon website to apply for the bootcamp in Barcelona, I got an e-mail from Gus, the driver, offering to book a chat on skype. We had a great chat that resulted in getting the offer to do the technical tests. I was given some material to learn in a few days along with some tasks and then I was given a test which should be completed more or less in an evening. I was very glad to know that I passed the tests and had been offered a place at the bootcamp. The time between my admission and the first day of the bootcamp I was given some prep work to complete. Before the Bootcamp…I cannot stress enough just how helpful it was that I had completed the prep work given to me**. There are several videos to watch with some questions afterwards, loads of useful resources linked in the descriptions. I really suggest you read/complete the info in the links. One thing that is great about the prep work is that it gets you into the mindset of how the bootcamp will be, consistently getting fed knowledge and new information. Lastly, DO NOT underestimate the javascript part, this will take you more time than you might expect. Before the bootcamp started I also received a few really helpful email from the campus manager, Avalon, who gave me loads of information about the city and also helpful tips about finding places to stay during the bootcamp. She was really helpful and answered all the questions I had. During the bootcamp..From Day one I was so happy to meet so many interesting new people with so much of their own culture to share and stories to tell and I knew that I was going to really enjoy the 9 weeks to come. First third of the bootcampThe first week we learnt about the Ruby basics which was really helpful because they’re the fundamentals to learn any programming language, the important part was understanding the concepts as opposed to just learning syntax of by heart. It was intense, just as I had expected! On the friday we all went out for some beers to reflect on the first week and despite being tired and our brains overflowing with not only new information but also a new way of thinking and learning, everyone was in a great mood and we had a lovely time getting to know each other. Something that really impressed me was the learning platform that the creators of Le Wagon have developed. You can’t even imagine how well structured, engaging and useful this platform it, it really was the key to being able to learn so much in just 9 short weeks. They have video lectures, slideshows, daily challenges, flashcards, and a super impressive “search” function where you can just look up any keyword you remember from a lecture and it will give you all of the content related to that word - I really relied on that!The second week we learnt about more advanced programming concepts and we actually created some pretty cool mini programs which was the first time I started to feel like a developer.The third week we focused on Databases which was really interesting and it was really useful to learn how to communicate with Databases. So the first three weeks really focused on understanding the back-end.Second third of the bootcampThe next two weeks were focused on the front-end, we learnt HTML, CSS and Javascript, and also discovered libraries such as Bootstrap. We were able to build a profile page, learn how to build web components, good UI and UX practices. It was interesting to learn just how much logic is behind design, and it was actually really different from the back-end. It was refreshing to touch a new topic but it was just as challenging.During this middle part of the bootcamp when we were focusing on front-end and design, we were also taught about how to pitch a product, and we had a practice night pitching all the ideas we had to our fellow wagoners. This is a really valuable skill to learn, as they really taught us the ins and outs of a good product pitch.The next week we learnt about Rails and oh my god - the magic behind Rails was mind-blowing. Rails is fantastic and seeing everything come together was really rewarding, it was great to finally understand why we were learning everything we had been learning. Last third of the bootcampNow that we had acquired all the necessary skills to build our own app it was finally time to build one! We had one week (5 days) to build a clone of AirBnb in teams of 3, 4 or 5. This was really good practice to learn how to efficiently collaborate both in person and on GitHub, we learnt how to organise ourselves as a team and also how to deal with problems that we would run into. This practice week was so exciting because we had the opportunity to present what we had created to our classmates which was a great taster for when we would be presenting the actual product we were going to develop. The final two weeks were intense, exciting, nerve-wracking but amazing. We worked in sprints and we were able to build an MVP in just 10 days. It was incredible to be working on a project building an actualt real-life app just 6 weeks after not knowing how to write a single line of code. God that was an amazing feeling. On the Demo day, the day we would present our products to not only our classmates but also a general public audience who had signed up to join the event. We had a great day practicing our presentations and spending time with our fellow campmates, though it was a sad day saying goodbye to all my new friends, it was also a great day as everyone had a genuine sense of achievement and we were all really proud to present what we had been working so hard on.So that was it, after 9 weeks, I could now call myself a Junior Full-stack developer. About the TeachersLe wagon Drivers are great at choosing teachers who fit very well into the culture. Oftentimes the teachers have done the bootcamp themselves and so they are really able to relate to the students and understand which sections of the course tend to be more challenging and how students react to the content in the course. All the teachers in my batch were super friendly, we got along so well and it really made it a fantastic learning environment. There wasn't a strong sense of authority and superiority coming from the teachers which made the atmosphere more comfortable knowing that the teachers are really just there to support, help and guide you through the course. They help you learn how to solve problems by yourself, so that you’re ready for the real world of developing and so that you don’t become dependent on them. (although I do sometimes miss having them around)After the bootcampEarlier I spoke about the incredible platform built by the Le Wagon founders, and the best part about the resources is that they’re available to you for the rest of your life. They are not only aimed at students who are currently in the bootcamp but there is a massive active community (4000+ students) contributing to the resource part to help you continue to learn after the bootcamp. They have channels to help you find a job, work as a freelance, help you if you get stuck while coding (fixing any errors you can’t seem to fix yourself). Everyone who has been a Le Wagon student is very supportive of other wagoners, and the world wide community is great. If you attended the bootcamp in Tokyo but you are looking for a Job in Barcelona, the wagoners from Barcelona will be sure to help you. This is something that I am infinitely grateful to be a part of. Why should you choose Le Wagon Barcelona?Looking for a career change? Le wagon.Want to become a Full-stack Developer in no time? Le wagon.Looking to build your own start-up? Le wagon.Want to learn how to communicate efficiently with the devs in your company? Le wagon. Looking to become a Project Manager with Coding knowledge? Le Wagon. Want to become a freelance developer? Le wagon.Seriously...the list is endless in the amount of ways Le Wagon will benefit you. You can learn so much and in such a beautiful city with so many international people. I highly recommend Barcelona.What did I personally learn? Apart from the obvious coding part, Le wagon actually taught me many useful life skills. I got to meet a bunch of awesome people from many different cultures and get insights into their lives, I learnt about how to approach …, I learnt how to tackle problems along the way, I learnt about team work in a technical environment, and I overcame my fear of public speaking from the support of the driver and teachers, which I will always be thankful for.*anyone who is considering Le Wagon as their bootcamp choice, I would really recommend watching the demoday videos.** All aspiring students should really take the prep work seriously.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was one of the experiences in my life that I could call ""unforgettable"". Despite having a stable job and great benefits as a multinational executive, I have decided to leave my job and retake my career in the IT world. The main reasons for that... Read More are, firstly, I love technology, secondly I was tired of the bureaucratic environment and, lastly, I love new challenges. It's important to highlight that I started my career as a developer in the mid-1990s, graduated in Computer Science in 1996, and finished my first MBA in 2002. So, it is easy to say the world has changed a lot since then both in terms of quantity and in terms of technology. After developing VBA code to help with my financial work, I have identified coding was what I would like to do again. I had started writing code on my own, but I was missing interacting with other people and creating vices of those who learn alone. Thus, I searched for in-house courses, but I was not willing to spend 2 years studying in an outdated learning model. So, I was searching for short code labs with lots of practice. I found Le Wagon after reading many reviews and I can say it was one of the best decisions I've ever made since I knew it would be hard for 9 weeks coding full time. My life after Le Wagon has completely changed, even for someone who already had some experience. Even so, I have updated existing knowledge and learned new things that will help me a lot in the current job market, as we did exactly what is done in practice, both in planning and in the organization of the work. I feel extremely proud of having become a LeWagoner !!! Thank you Pedro, Fernando and the teachers for the amazing experience !!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I am very satisfied with my experience at Le Wagon Bali. During my time at the bootcamp I reached all the learning objectives I set myself. Prior to Le Wagon, I was a business student with an entrepreneurial mind-set and I was frustrated with the fact... Read More that I could not turn my business ideas into reality. I thus came to Bali with the will to learn how to code credible MVPs and that’s what happened. Le Wagon allowed me to learn how to build web applications with a clean front-end and relatively complex back-end incorporating APIs, external ruby libraries and “gems”. Thus, following the Le Wagon curriculum one is able to build a multitude of different web applications ranging from simple websites to dynamic platforms with multiple users, payments, geo-location etc. Knowing this in the digital age is an incredibly powerful and valuable skill. In fact, now that I am back at business school, I am part of the small group of students that knows how to code. This clearly “sets me apart from the rest of the crowd” and has attracted the attention of many of my peers which are in the same position as me prior to Le Wagon and who are now considering doing Le Wagon too. Every time one asks me for advice about Le Wagon I always encourage them to do the bootcamp as long as they plan to code after the bootcamp as coding is like language, if you don’t practice it, you loose it.Furthermore, the Le Wagon team in Bali was super competent and friendly. I always had the feeling to be in very good hands. The lead teachers had in-depth knowledge about all the topics covered and the teaching assistants very always very helpful and friendly when helping us with the coding exercises. Learning to code on a rooftop in Bali with a view on the sea is a unique experience and very difficult to beat in my opinion. Additionally to learning how to code I also took several surf lessons before the coding classes. The morning surf sessions with the rising sun in the background are unforgettable memories. Moreover, the people I met at Le Wagon in Bali were all very open-minded and friendly and the entire batch quickly became a good group of friends with which we organised very nice week-end trips to Nusa Penida and Ubud. Overall Le Wagon Bali was an incredible and very rewarding experience and if I had to do it again, I would not hesitate for a second!Read Less",le-wagon
"After being graduated from Top French Business School, I had various professional experiences where i was in contact with programmers. Fastly, I realised that I had no legitimacy to run my project correctly because I was not able to talk their language... Read More properly. My conclusion : I needed to understand them to be more efficient in my work.I heard about Le Wagon when I was in Business School while they organised a workshop and I really loved their methodology: learn by doing. So I decided to get in touch Le Wagon Barcelona and few interviews after, I was on board.On my first day, I have directly been amazed by the variety of profiles in my batch : engineers, medical students … I probably couldn’t have the opportunity to work with so many different people in one place. And it had been a real chance because this is what makes this experience so unique - people with totally different backgrounds, different points of view, different skills - but with the same purpose: learn to code and change life.Those differences had been the engine of our success: we were combining our soft and hard skills to reach a common goal: create a product that we were believing in.To any applicants: I highly recommend you to follow this bootcamp. This is a really challenging moment that requires a lot a work and involvement. And at the end you’ll learn so much more than code.Read Less",le-wagon
I did a bachelor's degree in business administration and engineering a few years ago. Since then I have been working in Ecommerce Startups in Berlin.I work a lot with data and have already been able to teach myself SQL. I wanted to develop my skills more... Read More towards IT and was introduced to LeWagon by a friend.LeWagon really has a great program. But what really exceeded my expectations were the people. They all had completely different backgrounds. This made the learning experience all the more exciting. Especially the connection with the great city of Lisbon was perfect. The teachers are always helpful and friendly on all topics. In a short time the batch becomes a small family in which everyone supports each other. The Alumni Network is also extraordinary and probably also with the greatest added value.I really think everyone should learn to code. The Bootcamp is one of the best investments you can make for yourself.Read Less,le-wagon
"Le Wagon Bali was one of the most intensive educational &amp; fun months of my life! Dirk &amp; the other staff made sure traveling across the world was easy by providing us accommodation recommendations and a fun environment to always have something to do. The... Read More structure of the course was extremely cool and allowed for both beginner and slightly more advanced students have a filled day. If you really understood a lesson one day you still have bonus exercises that introduce new topics and offer fun challenges to push your learning to the next level. For me - I already knew how to build Wordpress &amp; ClickFunnels sites but those don’t require much, if any coding experience. Since the batch - I have been able to build custom mapping estimating software and more importantly for me - hire someone to build the base code and have the ability to manage a workforce of programmers, because now I understand their workflow and structure. Being able to quickly understand and edit code saved you $1,000’s of dollars in development costs vs someone without a coding background. I thank Le Wagon Bali for all of this education and the time of a lifetime. Definitely an experience I recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"I did batch 205 of Le Wagon in Lisbon, finishing in December 2018. It was a great learning experience, very rewarding and challenging!I have a business background, and was working in the retail industry for a few years. I've always been curious about... Read More how products are built and how to develop products tailored to consumers' needs. I didn't have any previous knowledge of programming but thought it could be interesting to learn how to code. A friend of mine told me about Le Wagon, and after checking the program and reviews from previous students, it seemed like a great option, so I quit my job and joined the bootcamp.The bootcamp was very intensive and demanding. It really pushed me forward and made me step out of my comfort zone but it was totally worth it. I now know that anyone can learn how to code, it just takes commitment, effort, passion, and being surrounded by the right people and environment. And Le Wagon provided just that.For me, a crucial part of my experience were the amazing teachers and TAs. They are very supportive, understanding your problems and helping you, adapting to your reasoning and own way of solving the challenges instead of just giving you their solution. This really helped me to feel more confident and understand things better.Another great aspect are your fellow students. They know what you're going through, everyone supports each other, and the environment is really collaborative and friendly. This makes it so much easier to go through those days when you feel more lost or insecure about learning how to code. Pair programming is also a great feature of the bootcamp, allowing you to work with someone different each day, and helping each other. There's also time to relax and have fun together.The last two weeks are very challenging and rewarding since you develop a real product in a team of 3 or 4 students. After prototyping our web app during demo day, I felt proud and amazed with what everyone achieved in 9 weeks!Overall, I recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to learn how to code! You will be amazed by what you can do in 9 weeks and challenge yourself!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I took the jump and booked onto batch #190 in London I was a full time swim coach with no prior coding experience. Now, having graduated two months ago, I am Junior front-end engineer at an awesome sales start up in London. The course at Le Wagon... Read More can genuinely change your career path and your life as it gives you the technical knowledge and team work experience that employees are looking for from their next Junior Developer. On the course the teachers (most are past students) will happily help you with any problem, ranging from a small typo to a error that takes half the day to fix. I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Le Wagon and encourage anyone who wants to gain the technical knowledge to become a Junior Developer or set up their own business to apply and get on with it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon makes you think as a developer starting from day one.The learning method is extraordinary since it makes you get so much knowledge in a short period of time. When I started, I didn’t have any previous coding experience, and in just two months... Read More I learned how to build full web applications and much more.The way the course has been created makes you improve day after day and also teaches you how to struggle without giving up, allowing you to create amazing stuff in no time.In Le Wagon, you don’t only learn to code, but also to work in a team.Coding the daily exercises with a different classmate every day, and spend more than two weeks building real projects in a small team clearly enhances the bootcamp experience.When you decide to join Le Wagon, you don’t only join a bootcamp. You also enter a community for life, full of amazing people from different horizons ready to help you and share.Two months seems like to be very long when you register, but when you start the course you soon realise that time flies, and in a while you find yourself coding a full replica of Airbnb.Doing it in Bali was even more sastisfying and fun. The bootcamp is in the center of Canggu fulfilled with nice and cool cafés, restaurants and bars. There are many activities to do during the weekend with your batch. Going to the bootcamp in your scooter and sun everyday is for sure something that only Le Wagon Bali can offer you. Thanks to Le Wagon, I now feel confident in coding and in my capacity to learn quickly.I am very satisfied with the course, deciding to participate was one of the best decision I have ever made.Read Less",le-wagon
"In 2016, I voluntarily joined a 2-hour coding workshop by Le Wagon at the University of Mannheim in Germany. It was an optional workshop which was offered as part of a congress I participated in. This was the first time, I actually noticed how much I... Read More enjoyed coding. One year later, I joined a young e-commerce business where I was exposed to SQL and again I figured, that I really enjoyed it. After finishing my bachelor’s degree, I did not feel like moving on the way I did for my future job. So I remembered the coding workshop I did in 2016 and started researching about coding schools all around the world. In the end, Le Wagon convinced me the most, as I had some minor experiences with their teachers during my workshop in university and at the same time it was the shortest and least expensive coding bootcamp I could find on the Net. My experience at Le Wagon Barcelona came in with so many highlights. Not only did I enjoy learning a new professional skill, but I met loads of amazing people who inspired me every day. I loved going to class and buddying with a new partner daily to solve our coding challenges. Learning to code was fun and challenging at the same time. Looking back, I can say, that this coding bootcamp has changed my life for the good and that I have made friends for life.I loved living in Barcelona because it is a lively city, but still relaxed at the same time. It seems hard to get tired of all the things Barcelona has to offer – be it pubs, clubs, sporting activities, hikes etc. I myself love to do sports and to be in nature. Living in Gracía, the Tibidabo mountain was not far and it always allowed me to enjoy beautiful sunrises with a view on Barcelona in the mornings before class. I was also able to join some cool boxing classes, bootcamps in the park, yoga sessions on rooftops and so on for almost no money, as the first class was always free while the choice of different sport studios was huge!For future students, I would advise to live in the area of Gracía as you will mainly be busy with class during the week and it seems painful to have to take the metro every single day to get to class. Moreover, you will notice that most of the times, you will hang out around Gracía for drinks in the evening as this is the area where students and teachers will know where to go because you always pass some cool places on the way from or to class. In terms of preparation for class, I can only advise future students to actually watch the lecture each night before class, so you will be able to quickly grabs the logic of coding. I also found that every time I watched the video the night before class, I was able to understand things, which I had not noticed by only watching the video or solely visiting the lecture. Hearing things twice really helps to get a deeper understanding of things! Learning to code at Le Wagon is a life-changing experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from Le Wagon at the end of Nov 2018, and now I’m working at a FinTech startup as a full-stack developer in Japan. Looking back, I’m sure Le Wagon is the best choice if you really want to change your life.Here are the things I liked:- Extremely... Read More well-organized learning materials and resources, which you’ll think of like a bible even after- Well balanced challenges given every day, keeping you concentrated regardless of your initial skill-level- Great teachers and TAs, all of them are friendly and taught us that coding is fun- Great classmates, and community where graduates and teachers all over the world are actively communicatingI was a banker in investment bank before joining Le Wagon. Though I didn’t have any coding skill, I really wanted to change my career and my life, and Le Wagon made it.Please let me tell finally that the most important thing is… your heart!9 weeks go really fast with intensive experiences!!Read Less",le-wagon
"8 years ago I had a programming course in my engineering degree. I was really confused, did not see where this knowledge could be applied and found the teoretical approach rather demoralizing.After University I started working in management consulting.... Read More The projects often involved working with developers, and soon I realized I didn’t quite grasp what they were talking about. Databases, Front End, Back end and APIs. I googled the terms, but did not understand how it all was relatedI figgured I could take some online courses, but struggled to commit. With a full-time job and a kid, it is hard to find the time and the motivation, when you don’t see where this knowledge fits in.One day I read about Le Wagon in a tech magazine. 9 weeks to learn to code, that sounded great, and I knew this sort of learning process would suit me better.And I was not disappointed! The program follows a logical structure, and the learning platform enables you to understand how that small piece you’re learning fits into the big picture. Already on day two we were making small programs, and by the end we were making fully functional web applications.To me, it was a luxury to spend 9 hours a day learning something new and do focused work. Le Wagon gave me a feeling I can learn and do anything, as long as I put in the time and effort required. Highly recommended!Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve always been interested in learning programming, and after finishing my bachelor with a business major, it seemed to be just the perfect time to actually start.I pretty quickly found out that I would prefer a full-time bootcamp over self-learning,... Read More and that’s how I ended up in Milan starting the 9-week LeWagon full stack bootcamp.Your usual day at LeWagon begins with lectures in the morning, where new concepts are introduced along comprehensive examples. In the afternoon you then have to solve related problem sets, in order to deepen that knowledge.From the first day on, Francesco and his team were doing their best to make this experience as nice as possible. Every concept was taught thoroughly and during the problem session, no question remained unanswered. This is where I also see the biggest benefit of bootcamps over self-learning in general. With the 1:1 on-demand help of the teaching assistants, you are able to learn way faster.The highlight of the bootcamp though was the last three weeks, where the 16-people course was split up into 4 groups. After only 6 weeks, we were already able to program an Airbnb clone within one week. The great thing about this project was also, that you had to combine all your prior learnings and connect them in order to make your first ""full-stack” project successful. In the following two weeks, we took that even further, with the individual groups coding their own apps, so completely independent of any lecture script. That’s where I also learned the most and the assistance of the experienced teachers is very valuable.In general, LeWagon was a huge boost for my career. I started coding in a professional working environment right away after the course, without any problems. Thanks again to you Francesco and the whole LeWagon Milan team!Read Less",le-wagon
"Having spent many years as a sales assistant and after many failed job searches, I knew the time had come for me to take the learning route in order to change careers to where my interests lie. But how? While searching for coding courses I stumbled across... Read More Le Wagon (only ranked #1 coding bootcamp in Europe). I decided to take the punt and boy was I right to do so.It’s pretty amazing just how much you can learn in 9 weeks. It’s very intense and can be overwhelming at times considering the amount of information there is to take in, but the teachers and teaching assistants were great. They were always on hand to help. I especially liked the fact that they aided me in finding solutions rather than just giving them to me. I found that this helped my understanding massively.Le Wagon had so much to offer. The evening events and talks from people in the industry or ex-alumni were a brilliant insight into the working world as a developer. Also, the vast community of ex-alumni in which you become a part of is particularly exciting.It was an extremely rewarding experience for me. I felt very comfortable and at home there and was in perfect conditions to learn and soak up as much as I could. The 9 weeks flew by and in the final weeks I didn’t want it to end!I wouldn’t have imagined that I would be able to build the products that me and my team achieved in such a short space of time. Le Wagon is surely the best decision I’ve made!Read Less",le-wagon
"Had an amazing time at Le Wagon Barcelona, great learning environment and teachers were the best! If you want to learn how to code and code well, this is the place for it !",le-wagon
"After eight years working in Finance and Real Estate I felt the need for something new, something fresh that would inspire and motivate me again every morning. I didn’t want to look back in 30 years thinking I had never tried anything else, so I quit... Read More my job and started to look what else was out there.In parallel I have had an idea of a web application but I had always lacked time and competence to really do anything concrete with it. Eventually I realised it would cost me the same to have a demo built by a developer, without being sure what I could really do with it, or do a bootcamp and learn how to do it myself. After a friend recommended Le Wagon as the best way to learn coding I decided to jump in. After all I had nothing to lose and it seemed like a great way to open new perspectives.I wanted new, I have not been disappointed! The following two months at Le Wagon have been spectacular. Not only I have acquired new competences, I am still amazed when I look at everything I’ve learned in just nine weeks, but also I have reset my mind. The guys there are always motivated, friendly and ready to help, that puts you in the right mood instantly. A pure shot of motivation everyday!The pedagogy is really modern. The mix of lectures, exercises either on your own, by pair or in a group as well as quizzes is just the right combination to keep you going. And almost without realising it starts to click, step but step, week after week you become a junior developer.Intensity reaches its maximum during the last two weeks of the bootcamp when we build real projects. Suddenly nothing else exists anymore, you enter a long, deep, intensive zone of coding. Students, teachers, everybody, even the dog, is 200% into it. At last, completely exhausted and nervous you come up on stage to show the public what you have achieved. Only then you realise how big it is and that you should be very proud of it! Really it was worth every penny! If you decide to join be careful, it’s very addictive!Read Less",le-wagon
"I always had, somewhere in my mind, the idea to, one day, create my startup, run my own company.So I decided to start my journey with an International Business School (That’s what most people do). At the end of the Business School, I had to fulfil a 6... Read More months internship, where I met recently graduated people from Le Wagon. They showed me what is coding and told me about Le Wagon and how amazing it is during and after the 3 months courses.After this, I wanted to learn to code, this would be the next step for me to build my future. After the bootcamp, I would be able to understand and read code, and get ready to start new experiences as a developer.Coding was fun, really fun, it’s such an amazing experience, whatever your background is!I’m using computer everyday of my life, and for anything, and at the beginning, I thought coding would be super easy.To be honest, it wasn’t hard, it was enjoyable every single day, every single minute, but it was far from what I was expecting. And the reality is that, even with almost 0 computer knowledge, who ever you are and wherever you are from, you can do it and change your life.Also, we had such an amazing batch, people were so nice, teachers and teachers assistants were awesome! Without forgetting our lovely and amazing community manager Avalon!Having a coding buddy everyday is the best thing to learn coding. If you’re stuck, your buddy will help you, or you can help him. Both of you united, you can face any challenge (almost, any challenges, some are pretty hard ahah).Learning to code was also a really great experience because, you know, Barcelona. We had exceptionally sunny October, November and December, weather was pretty beautiful and people in Barcelona are really nice. There are so many activities to do apart from coding, during your free time, there is no time to bother!The advice I would give, and the one that was given to me the very first day when I asked for one : “Do you flashcards!” - If you don’t know what it is, you will know it soon enough!Also, don’t try too hard. If you’re stuck on an exercise, it’s a normal thing, you’re here to learn, and you will, in the end, know how to do it. So if you’re stuck more than 45min/1hour, ask your buddy, or ask a teacher, they will help you. But do not ask immediately, you have to try by yourself if you want to learn, and how proud of you you will be once you find the solution by your own, trust me, amazing feeling!One sentence to describe my experience : Le Wagon was the best thing I could have done in my life so far, and it truly changed my life and my future.Enjoy every moments Wagonners and future Wagonners!Read Less",le-wagon
"I must confess that my expectations were incredibly high before I start the bootcamp, but in reality the course was even better than I was expecting. It starts hard, and that's necessary for you to embrace the complexity of the program, but once you understand... Read More how things work, you can do anything you can without much effort. The reality is that every one of us build super amazing applications within 2 weeks, much faster than many professional web developers. I was even able to build my personal website in 2 days, after finish the bootcamp: https://hugoabreu.pt So, if you're looking to become a web developer, or like me, to embrace a career of technical project manager, Le Wagon is your place. I did my course in Tokyo and I can only recommend the staff from there!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has officially changed my life.I hadn’t done too much research before I applied to Le Wagon. I had read some reviews online and everyone had amazing things to say. Honestly, there were soo many good reviews that I started fearing that it was... Read More too good to be true. But now, having finished the course I can say I was not disappointed. In all honesty, I wish I could wake up every day and head to class. The 9 weeks are tough, I mean if you are learning something that could be taught in a span of 2 years in 9 weeks, can you expect anything less. Some days went by so fast while other days I was so overwhelmed with the coding language. There were also times of stress and exhausting, but nothing that I couldn’t overcome at the end of the day.The reason why I believe Le Wagon works and would highly recommend it is:1 - Students become teachers Le wagon has built up a family of alumni who are so passionate and believe in the lesson that ex-students come back to class and become your TAs. From day one, you meet people that can relate and understand everything you are going through. In addition, it is super encouraging to know that soon you could also be teaching the next batch.2- The Setup It’s like waking up every morning to take part of a startup. Tables are communal, there are plants on every desk, there is an open floor plan, everyone can talk to everyone, and people work at their own pace. Want to take a 2-hour lunch break? No one is going to say anything, as long as your work is done by live code. Also, free beers at the end of a day is always a plus3- The Final Project The opportunity to be able to pitch an idea, and have the idea chosen to be built is amazing. I was so lucky to have a fantastic team to work with. During these 2 weeks, you learn so much about yourself, coding, working in teams, and what the future can hold.Read Less",le-wagon
"I must say. I had a blast at the Le Wagon Kyoto batch. It definitely marks as the greatest learning experience I have ever had! Being part of a small first batch, we were benefited with full attention from all of our instructors. In 9 weeks, we were able... Read More to build very fun applications from scratch to productions as promised. I think what distinguishes Le Wagon from other bootcamps is how product-driven Le Wagon is and it is more than just a coding bootcamp. The program not only provides you with coding knowledge, but it also gives you good exposure to technical workflows of start-ups and teaches you other important skills such as soft skills and product management. Le Wagon also organizes meetups with the local developer community and we are able to learn a lot from their knowledge of the industry. These extra bits and chunks are what really inspires you to want to learn more and more.As for the curriculum, I really like how intuitive it had been structured and how satisfying it is we get to learn how to wrap everything up with rails and learn about different APIs, plugins, and other technologies. The only drawback about this bootcamp is the duration of it because 9 weeks is really too short and the best time of your life ends in just 9 weeks. Of course, I understand the 9 weeks constraint might have a lot to do with the student's visa as most countries only give foreign visitors a stay period of 90 days. Therefore, this is not Le Wagon's fault at all.But hey! For 9 weeks, Le Wagon gives you the ability to land a junior developer job (I know someone from my batch has ;) ) and gives you the ability to learn how to learn for whatever goals you want to pursue. For me, learning other programming languages, frameworks, and catching up on algorithms actually becomes a hundred times easier for me than when I try to start from 0 all by myself. One last thing, I have to thank all the Le Wagon staff and my classmates, you are all the best. I will never forget you guys and I love you all!Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are reading this review it means that you at least have some interest in learning to code. Good! It is amazing!Le Wagon made me realise a couple of things. The first thing is: knowing how to code and how developers think and work is indispensable... Read More if you want to start you own startup and/or manage developers.The second thing is: if you put in the time you can become a developer. Before the bootcamp I was a Teacher/Freelance filmmaker and I never really saw programming as something I could do even though I have done some coding during middle school and university. Then I joined batch 173 of the Le Wagon bootcamp and felt right at home. It was such a diverse, friendly and motivated group that it felt like hanging out with friends. Don't get me wrong. You have to work hard. But you are working hard together and supporting each other during the bootcamp.The teachers and TA's are a great plus as well. The teachers know the industry and the programs you will work with inside and out and the TA's are just like you but with a couple months more experience. They did the same bootcamp and can relate with the problems you might run into.They teach you not just how to work with Ruby and Ruby on Rails but also the knowledge and skills you need to learn other programming languages. They give you a solid base to develop yourself from.Le Wagon starts as a bootcamp but becomes a supportive and positive community. It has been a couple of months and I am still in contact with a lot of people from my batch.I have made some lifelong friends and have a sound foundation in coding. I would recommend this bootcamp to anyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"Despite working as a translator, I had a background in IT prior to coming to Le Wagon (mostly programming Windows applications and Linux scripts on my own time). For me Le Wagon was a transition to web development, so I perhaps cannot speak to the difficulty... Read More of the course as objectively as those for who coding is a brand new experience. Nonetheless, my time at Le Wagon London was time well spent.The hours are long, and the amount of content daunting, but the unconditional support provided by the teachers and assistants, many of which are ex-alumni who have gone through it all themselves, help make the 9 weeks go by in a flash. The general atmosphere in the office gives you a good sense of what it's like to be a part of a startup, and during the last 3 weeks you get to be part of the process of designing an app from scratch all the way to production.Finishing the course is not easy. It's a lot of information to assimilate in a relatively short time-frame, which can be exhausting. But getting through it is extremely rewarding and something you won't soon forget. All in all, after being a part of batch 190 in London, I can safely say it was well worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"As UX designer who owns a startup in online education with a background in industrial engineering, I wanted to enhance my knowledge of coding in order to understand my product better and strengthen our developing manpower. The reviews of Le Wagon were... Read More great but what convinced me to go there was the testimony of Le Wagon alumna. The structure is very well organized so that you learn in the best conditions with the support of tutors and the community. Once the boot camp is done, you have access to all the material that was given to you including the videos of the lessons that were given to you. But what truly makes it amazing is that you then belong to an international community of game changers in the web industry and else. This has been a life changing experience for me and many others.Read Less",le-wagon
"The lack of negative reviews I found online gave me very high expectations about the bootcamp. Le Wagon managed to surpass them all. Learning new languages? Coding a fully functional website? All of that in just 9 weeks? Believe it or not, it is possible... Read More at le Wagon.From writing your first line of code to building your final project and see it come to life, the amount of knowledge you get during these 9 weeks is truly impressive. You would be amazed by how much you can learn and build in such a short period of time.More than just a school, when you join Le Wagon you become part of a community, a family some would say. It’s not all about coding. Le Wagon organizes bi-weekly yoga sessions, events and meet-ups with entrepreneurs to name a few. The working environment is so great that I decided to become a teaching assistant and pass on the knowledge I had just acquired. Leaving Le Wagon was just not an option for me.All in all, joining Le Wagon is one of the best decision I’ve ever made. Make most out of everyday you spend there because it will be over before you know it..Read Less",le-wagon
"A life-changing experience, I still can’t believe what I’ve learned in such short of time. I can honestly say my expectation was overly exceeded. When I applied, I was just expecting to gain coding skills which obviously makes sense since it’s a code... Read More Bootcamp, what other can you expect right? I mean that’s all I was looking for, but then Le Wagon happened! On top of coding skills, I gained two other very important skills, which are problem-solving skill and can do attitude and I can confidently say these two skills have had a positive impact in my life since then. So, it all began when I was working on my final project at university which was also my business idea. It involved making a business plan for an application, though it annoyed me that I didn’t understand the technical part of my idea and that I wasn’t going to contribute much on this side. But then the idea came in my mind, what if I can learn it? That’s how I started searching and exploring my options. I found Le Wagon and at first I was very sceptical and thought it was too good to be true, mainly because all reviews were positive, I mean ritually Le Wagon’s every public appearance is positive but then I took my chances and went for it, after having a Skype call with Guillaume (who is Bootcamp Manager at Le Wagon Montreal). That was one of the best decision I ever took! During Bootcamp, I loved the entrepreneurial StartUp mood environment we studied in, every day was different and unique, and the most exciting part was our final project where we had to come up with an idea and actually implement it in just ten days. My three teammates and I came up with an idea to build a chatbot that can recommend the perfect gift in just a few minutes and within the user’s budget (Regalo that was the name of the app). The journey to build the app was breathtaking, mainly because we couldn’t believe that we were able to do it and we were! We did it! I mean I can go on and go on. And Yes, I would definitely recommend anyone to attend Le wagon Bootcamp. It’s an intense nine weeks, It’s not meant to be easy but it’s definitely doable. My advice to you is to have a positive attitude and don’t give up on yourself, I can do it, You can do it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to work in communications. I felt a bit stuck in my work, couldn't see any possibilities of evolution, I wasn't learning anything new and I was losing all motivation. I had the feeling coding would be something I would love doing, but I didn't... Read More want to go back into long studies and wasn't sure where to start.Then a friend of mine told me about Le Wagon. This bootcamp had everything I was looking for: a clearly defined learning path, passionate teachers always available to help, and many great co-students to learn with! Thanks to Le Wagon, I've learned many valuable skills in computer programming of course, but also in team work.Today I'm on a new career path that I really love and where I can keep on learning new things everyday. What I especially appreciate from Le Wagon is that once the bootcamp is over, they still keep in touch with you and help you look for a job. It feels like being part of a family!Read Less",le-wagon
I attended Le Wagon bootcamp in October 2018. I really enjoyed the experience and they provided more than I expected. The quality of students is very high. The instructors are very helpful and the lectures are engaging. There are enough TAs to help out... Read More when you have questions. The course covers a lot of content in a short amount of time so you will have to practice on your own after the course.Read Less,le-wagon
"I spent many late nights and weekends trying to teach myself how to code, over many months, with very little results. I was sure that if I quit my job and dedicated myself full time to learning how to code that I could teach myself properly, and certainly... Read More not pay money for a bootcamp when there were so many online resources. After quitting my job and spending a couple of weeks of long days in a library teaching myself, I had spent most of that time stuck on tiny coding problems, and I knew that the only way I could progress quickly was by having a teacher. After doing research on what the top bootcamp in Melbourne was, I settled on Le Wagon. I’m so happy that I did!! Le Wagon surpassed my expectations, I had expected non-communicative teachers who would lecture in the morning and bail during exercises. Instead, I experienced some of the best teaching in my adult life, and the ratio of students to teachers/teacher’s assistants was so good that I had as much face to face time for help with exercises that I needed - in fact, asking for help was encouraged. While the bootcamp moved quickly, the teachers provided all the foundational tools I would need to explore complex topics further in my own time, and even sometimes provided additional after-hours support. I am so impressed with Le Wagon and recommend it to everyone that I meet!Read Less",le-wagon
"After 4 years working as a lawyer for a Magic Circle firm in London, I realised that what I love most is to build things – and that was something that life as a corporate lawyer could not offer me. Having secured a Product Manager Role at a Legal Tech... Read More start-up, I decided to attend a coding course to help inform my work. That’s when I came across Le Wagon.I originally decided to join Le Wagon Barcelona having been convinced by their consistently good reviews online. I had high expectations, but Le Wagon consistently surpassed them all. I have inherited a passion for code, and just 3 days into my new job I am already reaping the benefits of everything that I learned.The three main things that really stood out for me during my time at Le Wagon were:1.	Consistently excellent standard of teaching and instruction: without exception all of our teachers really knew their stuff and pushed me every day to become a better coder. 2.	Fantastic and international people: I have never worked with such a diverse group of talented people. Out of the 20 students on my course, there were smart and friendly people of all ages and from literally all corners of the globe. It was really inspiring to work with so many great people from all over the world.3.	Well-structured and paced course materials: I thought that the Le Wagon materials were very impressively structured to ensure that individuals of all abilities are stretched and challenged.The whole Le Wagon team in Barcelona is really friendly and did everything to make us feel at home. The city itself is also a great place to live – great food and drink, wonderful climate, the beach, the mountains… what’s not to like! It was certainly a shock to come back to rainy London.Advice to future students: people will tell you that the course is intense, and you probably won’t believe them… But trust me – this is a full-on experience, and it definitely isn’t a holiday! It is an absolutely amazing 9 weeks, but make sure that you go on CodeAcademy and try the Ruby course out a bit before applying to check that you actually like coding! Having said that – don’t be daunted if you get to the end of the first week and feel like you can’t do it. You can! This happened to several people in my class and by the final two weeks there had been a massive transformation, so believe in yourself.Le Wagon Barcelona has changed the way I work and the way I think – I could not recommend it more highly.Read Less",le-wagon
"I signed up for Le Wagon after having taught myself to code for the previous four months. At the time, I was mainly interested in formalizing my knowledge and expanding my network. I expected the bootcamp to be fun (and had heard as much from a few alumni),... Read More but I didn’t expect to learn *that* much that I hadn’t already covered in my own studies. As it turns out, I was definitely wrong about that last part. I learned *way* more during my two months at Le Wagon than I had during the preceding fourth months of self-directed learning. The course has a great structure, a heap of helpful resources and, most important of all, a super-enthusiastic group of teachers who really care about your development. I felt confident applying for jobs after finishing the bootcamp and ended up finding full-time work as a software engineer within two weeks of graduation. So, in short, I can say with all sincerity that my Le Wagon experience exceeded expectations (and my expectations were already high). Would most definitely recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"I would not hesitate to recommend LeWagon to someone who is looking to get into coding for any reason. The course is designed to provide students with the tech skills necessary to enter the job market for tech-related roles, while being sufficiently product... Read More focused to allow them to build their own product for those looking to kick-start their business. It’s not easy and very intense, but if you are dedicated and committed to learning anyone can complete it and come out the other side a developer!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was an IT &amp; account manager for different companies based in Morocco, I have always been a tech hobbyist &amp; a self-taught person inquisitive to learn more about new technologies &amp; programming languages, coding in particular was something I truly love... Read More to do, but I needed an intensive program or courses allowing me to practice through pair programming instead of learning it solo. For a time I have been dealing with this energetic determination to change my career and embrace the tech industry, I was carrying it too far until i began to search all over the internet for a coding school, there were so many bootcamps all over the world with plenty of challenges &amp; resourceful courses online but only one hindrance ... there wasn’t any coding bootcamp back then in Morocco. Until one day, while visiting the official website of Le Wagon, I was already informed about how the reviews regarding this school were positive, I also watched some of their demo-day videos from different batches all over the world and it was really motivating. Boy was I surprised to find out that Le Wagon was in Casablanca, no doubt that this would be the perfect place where I could be part of a coding bootcamp such as Le Wagon, since there is an emerging &amp; growing tech industry at a tremendous speed in my city and I felt so bad that I didn’t had all the necessary skills or experience to be part of this. Le Wagon was already one of the top schools I surely considered, the whole program was extensive &amp; structured with essential programming languages to learn, it is the only coding bootcamp that describes fairly well the skills you would acquire only in 9 weeks, my thought at this time was “what are you waiting for ? “ ... and then the red van adventure started ! My first day at Le Wagon was even more surprising when I noticed the diversity of the students &amp; teachers, it was even more impressive to notice that 60% of my batch were women who wanted to change their life, learn how to code &amp; build their own web apps, that was even more inspiring when I got the chance to know how everyone was motivated, not only change their career, but also to build their actual ideas &amp; products regardless of their culture or gender. It was beyond my expectations, a school that is first a community with people from different background &amp; culture sharing the same passion as I do with one single similarity, they’re all coders (or students willing to become one). I’ll never forget the first thing I heard from our driver that recommended us to get out of our comfort zone, to know each others because the 9 weeks isn’t just about learning how to code but to learn &amp; work together, Le Wagon isn’t just about lectures, pair programming was the cornerstone to improve our technical skills on a daily basis and to truly adopt the real mindset of a competent developer by working as a team. At first you learn Ruby, a powerful object-oriented programming language easy to write &amp; understand for anyone who never ever did any code before, then you start with the basics from HTML, CSS, Javascript , SQL and finally the Ruby On Rails framework allowing you to build a complete &amp; powerful web application in no time from a beginner standpoint until a more advanced one. 7 weeks of pure code with lectures first in the morning &amp; challenges during the whole day with the optional advanced challenges for the enthusiasts, not to forget to mention the livecode where teachers &amp; assistants gather us by the end of the day, so that everyone solve one complex challenge together as one team. With the help of a dedicated staff of Teachers &amp; Teachers Assistants, they did an amazing job to be here for us students, throughout our daily struggle of learning, practicing , completing the challenges &amp; filling us with even more resourceful information to guide us through this journey of becoming a fullfledged developer. The two last weeks of the bootcamp are truly intense because it is the perfect time to really build something with all the skills you learned in such a short amount of time, and that is when you realize how “getting out of your comfort zone” feels like during project weeks, you get to face this new challenge to work with your classmates as a formed team, researching &amp; developing together the final project with an amazing technical workflow, communication and synergy throughout the development. We ended up communicating with each other like we were already a team of experienced developers thanks to these intense 7 weeks of pure coding &amp; challenges. After Le Wagon, I became a freelance web developer, I learned to be a real problem-solver during my batch and craving to face more challenges that will help me throughout my career, also to develop furthermore all the acquired technical skills with the right methodology on-hand, thanks to this amazing experience. I realized that anyone can learn to code, anyone can change their career if they are truly willing to &amp; also, anyone can share their ideas &amp; experiences to build their own project by meeting new people, and it is never too late for that. So my question for anyone who wants to learn how to code &amp; build their ideas : “What are you waiting for to get in the red van too ? :) “Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a great experience at Le Wagon, which proved to be a very product-driven bootcamp. I’ve learnt step-by-step the essentials to building a full web application, and the last weeks of the course were dedicated to just building real world products.... Read More The teachers and tutors were fantastic, making the whole learning experience an enjoyable one.Read Less",le-wagon
"TD;LR : Why are you still here, reading reviews ? No time to loose ! Go apply to Le Wagon.If you like:- Challenges- Go out your comfort zone- Meet amazing people- Learn quickly with efficiency Then you really should consider Le Wagon. Regarding my background,... Read More I was working in Finance, learning CFA when i decided to swtich careers, i had 0 knowledge in coding before the bootcamp and now I'm able to create a copycat of airbnb.Don't fool yourself, it will be hard, you'll be very low at some point but don't forget, once you are down you can only go up ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"My Le Wagon Batch 199 Barcelona journey started somewhat unexpectedly. Having worked in corporate purchasing and program management for almost 10 years since graduating college, I never thought that I would make such a drastic career change. However when... Read More I realized that at 33 I was stuck in the never-ending 8 to 5 leading to eventual retirement without any realization of my dreams, it was a fairly easy decision. It was now or never. All my life I had ideas for websites and apps and that’s all they were, just ideas. Learning to code gave me the tools to make those ideas reality. It gave me the confidence to be able to tackle any feature that I would like to add to my website. There were so many highlights to this amazing experience. The people really made it special. The teachers were top notch and I was lucky to have an absolutely incredible batch. We worked very hard during the week at class, but also were able to explore the amazing Barcelona together on weekends and let loose a bit! Barcelona is a great place, with so much culture. Every weekend there is something different to do. I don’t remember a single weekend or day when I could not find something fun to do in my somewhat limited free time. There is the beach, parks, and just an unlimited amount of little bars and restaurants that anyone would be able to find something they enjoy!My advice to future students would be to really enjoy the experience because it goes by very very fast. Monday through Friday, really concentrate on the classwork. Don’t miss ANY days. It is very easy to fall behind if you do. Watch the lectures on KITT the night before if you can. But also, really explore Barcelona on the weekends. If you put in the work during the week, you will have plenty of time on the weekends to explore and get to know this amazing city. Get to know your classmates. you will go through a lot with them. But really, ENJOY the experience. There is nothing quite like it that you will do in your life. You will meet people with different backgrounds from all around the world, learn new things, try new food. This is just step one of a long and beautiful journey, but a very important one. So enjoy it!Le Wagon gave me the tools and confidence to tackle my dreams, make some amazing friends along the way, and what happens next is up to me!Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm a alumni leWagon from the batch #188 in Montreal.I use to be an engineer in the aircraft industry, after 4 years of experiment I've drooped my job in France to come in Montreal, following a master degree in environment. I decided to change my life... Read More by following Lewagon training and it was the best decision in my life.How can I sum up my experience? Learning a lot! Discovering a passion. Meeting amazing people. Finding in myself i'm maybe less stupid that I was thinking. This experiment just gave me more confidence and new perspectives for the future. More modern and exiting.Now I think I can build a career which make me proud and open to me a lot of new directions and field.By the way! I'm actually assistant teacher for LeWagon Montreal and it's a very nice experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"TL;DR :I more than loved my Le Wagon experience. From both human and learning sides, it was the best 9 weeks ever. The teachers are 300% dedicated, the whole staff, in fact, acts that way. Having a self-taught background and working as a graphic designer... Read More &amp; webdesigner, I wanted to upgrade my tech skills, I ended up not only sith a solid development knowledge, but also with more confidence, learnt how to speak in front of a bunch of people to present a product, how to work with other people on a project…In a few words : amazing experience.Le Wagon FTW. &lt;3 --For those who wants to read the whole text I published on my blog about that amazing experience, here it is.1er octobre. Autour de la grande table en bois, pas très loin des croissants et des chocolatines de bienvenue, les nouveaux 22 se jaugent. Il est encore tôt et on nous a bien dit de ne pas arriver en retard, à 8h30, on ferme les portes, tant pis pour vous. On est tous là, bien sûr, mi-excités, mi-fatigués - on perd vite l’habitude du rythme scolaire.Après quelques cafés (les premiers d’une longue, très longue série, je pense avoir éclaté mon record de consommation de caféine pendant cette période-là), on s’est installés en classe, avec cette ambiance de premier jour, ces nouvelles habitudes que l’on va commencer à se fabriquer sans trop savoir encore jusqu’où elles iront. Ma place, deuxième table à gauche, place du milieu. J. à ma gauche, A. à ma droite. Ce sera comme ça tous les matins, tous les soirs, alternant ainsi les heures de cours tantôt très studieuses, tous très concentrés, fronçant des sourcils sur des concepts un peu compliqués encore, qui nous paraissent flous, abstraits, lointains ; tantôt d’une insolente déconcentration, fous-rires et gribouillis sur les cahiers, gloussement sur des blagues pas si drôles, mais après une journée passée à coder, qui nous en aurait voulu, de rigoler bêtement comme cela.30 novembre, 18h.Dans la salle, on a installé beaucoup de chaises, on vient de tester le son au micro. C. à côté de moi répète le bal des actions sur le clavier, précieusement minuté, pendant je présenterai l’application que l’on a fini de développer. Depuis quelques heures déjà, on est tous prêts, stressés et fébriles, à l’idée de raconter en quelques minutes le travail des 10 derniers jours. Je suis morte de peur. Au cours de ces deux mois, j’ai gagné en confiance en moi, mais je reste terrorisée à l’idée de parler - en anglais - devant toute cette foule de gens, pour présenter le projet dont j’ai porté l’idée, le projet que nous avons construit tous les quatre, en partant d’une feuille blanche.Assis sur la grande table qui nous a vus crier de joie quand tout fonctionnait, qui nous a vu taper des poings quand, oh, j’ai tout cassé, assis sur cette table, on balance des pieds en attendant. Certains ont déjà ouvert une bière, d’autres préfèrent se ronger les ongles. C. s’est fait un thé « I really feel British when I do that ». Les visages amis s’installent dans la salle, et puis c’est à nous. 5 minutes pour convaincre, 5 minutes pour prouver à toutes ces personnes, juste là devant, que nous sommes vraiment des full-stack dev. Et puis entre ces deux moments, 2 mois, 9 semaines. 9 semaines de six-sept-huit-neuf cafés par jour, de cookies avoine-chocolat du 8ème étage, de bières le vendredi soir (les premières semaines, et puis de bières à partir du mardi soir, après), de yeux fatigués le matin pour le cours de la journée, de yeux perdus qui répondent d’eux-mêmes à la question « do you understand ? », de sourires victorieux quand c’est bon, je suis capable d’expliquer ce que je viens de faire. 9 semaines de messages en continu sur Slack, 9 semaines de sommeil oublié, de Sublime Text ouvert en permanence. de vie rêvée en lignes de commandes sur le terminal. 9 semaines d’amitiés, aussi - parfois un peu plus, mais mes sous-entendus s’arrêteront là -, de petite bulle fermée, entre nous, on se serre les coudes, on apprend ensemble, à coder et à travailler, à expliquer, à se planter, à recommencer ; 9 semaines de lamentations autour de la machine à café, 9 semaines de yeux cernés. 9 semaines à part, entre les murs vitrés de La Gar, à se demander si vraiment, à la fin, on comprendra ce qu’il faut mettre dans le model ou dans le controller.La deuxième semaine, il y avait un apéro (on a beaucoup pris l’apéro pendant ces 9 semaines) où les alumni venaient nous parler un petit peu. Tous étaient d’accord sur la même chose, Le Wagon avait été l’une des plus belles aventures de leur vie. Je rigolais doucement au début, bien sûr que j’en attendais beaucoup, de cette formation, mais tout de même, je trouvais que c’était un peu exagéré, en deux mois, il ne peut pas se passer tant de choses.7 semaines après, je suis convaincue de la même chose. On leur a déjà dit, et je ne suis toujours pas à l’aise avec les grandes déclarations d’amour, mais tout de même, je voulais écrire noir sur blanc, une dernière fois, mon infinie gratitude pour l’ensemble des profs et de l’équipe du Wagon Montréal. Je n’avais jamais vu autant de passion, de dévouement et d’entraide comme cela et cela n’aurait vraiment pas été pareil sans eux.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi, my name is Otávio and I am a Le Wagon alumni from batch-#204, taken in Rio de Janeiro between October 15th and December 14th, 2018. Some background about myself: I used to be a logistics project coordinator for a telecomm top 3 company. Worked for... Read More the US Government also, in a diplomatic mission. My career focused on international logistics, supply chain management, contract and process management mostly. I can honestly say I had no prior experience in programming before the course. Setting up Macros in Excel would be the closest thing.In the years I worked in the telecomm industry I was lucky to see technologies being developed and had a glimpse to where things are going to. IOT (internet of things), small cells, smart cars, startups... and none of that happens without a good amount of programming.How did I come to find Le Wagon? Talking to a friend who's been in Europe's IT industry for a long time I asked how one could insert him/herself in the IT realm without having to go through the classic computer science graduation path. That is when I learned about this growing trend of coding bootcamps. The first on the list he gave me was Le Wagon, to which he included a ""best bang for the buck"" tag. On a quick search in the net I found many Le Wagon alumni and their experiences (which at first sounded too good to be true). And they were considered the #1 coding bootcamp. Further in the search found some posts about this growing trend on bootcamps and how they were being considered the next MBAs but for the IT industry. And what really drew the line for me was when I reached out to Pedro, one of Le Wagons partners in Brazil &amp; Latin America. He said that he was a photographer before starting to code at Le Wagon in Paris 2014. He liked it and believes in it so much that he brought Le Wagon to Brazil and LatAm as a matter of fact.It is a 9 week program. The first weeks are brutal. It's like getting home after running a triathlon (but for the brain) knowing it will happen the same thing on the next day, for the next several weeks. What kept me sane were a couple of lines Pedro told us on the very first day: ""Guys, you will get desperate! You will get frustrated! STAY WITH US !! It will all fall into place at one time..."" Every time I got desperate, and it wasn't only once, I remembered myself of that. They also have good TAs (teaching assistants) and lecturers who also went through the program and know our pain. It all fell into place for me during the second half of the bootcamp.The bootcamp is orientated not only to those who wish to become a developer, but to those entrepreneurs who wish to begin their own startups, future product owners and digital nomads. We had people from 24 to 48 years of age. I wasn't the oldest with my 42 summers in the bag. The environment is amazing. A collaborative pair programming learning process where we sit every day with someone different than the previous day. I felt lucky that in my batch I had no case of ""ah no, that one again, bummer!"" Everyone got along. A lot of coffee! Every Thursday there was an event with outsiders from Venture Capital owners to startups pitching for a CTO and people sharing their story of hard work, pivoting and success. Oh, and after these talks Le Wagon offered free beer. On Wednesdays there were Yoga classes to help sooth the body. Even though it was a lot of hard work, we knew there would be some yoga, talks to insert us more and more into this IT environment, and the beer to help us relax a bit.In the end we leave as junior developers with a good amount of skills to help us keep improving. The Le Wagon platform is also really well thought of with video lectures and information on every class with have during the bootcamp. We are given full access to it for life as well as to the Le Wagon Slack channels. In Slack we have access not only to our batch but also to job postings, all of the wagon alumni, teachers, mentors and many others.The whole experience changed my life. Met really interesting people. Made good friends. Learned awesome skills. And left with two projects as portfolio.When I was in school as a young kid, knowing another language or two would count a lot. Today it's default. The equivalent to that right now is coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always struggled with formal education despite completing high school and Quebec’s CEGEP program. I was diagnosed with ADHD in elementary school and have found that trying to juggle up to 8 different subjects at the same time is almost impossible... Read More for me.I’m now 22 years old and gave university a shot for two years. During my first year in psychology, I discovered that I loved programming, and during my second year, in computer sciences, I discovered that I hated university.As an alternative to university, Le Wagon was a massive help to me. It perfectly suited my learning style, by keeping up a steady flow of new and interesting information without ever totally overwhelming me. In addition to covering new topics constantly, Le Wagon’s challenges and buddy system, in conjunction with formal lectures, helped teach skills not just theoretically, but practically too.The staff of Le Wagon were practically family to me by the end of my 2-month stay. They were understanding, helpful and always a pleasure to be around. I hope to stay in contact long after my graduation.The final project I completed with my team will always hold a special place in my heart. I didn’t come to Le Wagon with a solid grasp on just how far we would come in a short 2-month period, but the products we finished far exceeded anything I could have imagined. Le Wagon gave me an experience I wouldn’t trade for the world: between wonderful friendships with people of all backgrounds, and a solid foundation of lessons on both working in code, and finding work. In short, I would highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who feels they are interested in changing their lives and learning to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had the best experience at Le Wagon bootcamp, at its first Kyoto batch.In terms of the learning, I was surprised to see how I started from a complete beginner ( I didn't even know what the different programming languages are), and within 9 months could... Read More build an app that I wouldn't have even thought was possible to build. I like my app so much that I am currently working on it further to see how I can commercialize it. What made the learning experience great was that the teachers at Le Wagon are knowledgeable and dedicated to each person's learning, and the curriculum is well designed in a way that makes you enjoy the process of learning how to code. For me, my objective from learning how to code was never to be a developer, but to work on the commercial aspects of a tech company and be able to work seamlessly with the product team through a deeper understanding of the technicalities. I managed to fulfill this objective - and much more, in terms of my technical knowledge - and has proven to me invaluable in my current job.But Le Wagon is not just about teaching you how to code - it also helps you plug into the tech community in the city through various events and meetups with startups and other tech companies in the city, which has been extremely helpful as I was thinking through my career move. And finally, Le Wagon was an extremely fun and enriching experience. As the first batch in Kyoto, we had a small group, and we had a lot of fun together, going for dinners on weekdays, going out on weekends, and doing trips to nearby cities. Added to this, a chance to be in Kyoto - a beautiful and serene city - made my 2 months an amazing experience. Le Wagon was exactly what I needed - in every way.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had not studied any programming language before I joined LeWagon.Since we only had nine weeks to become a programmer, the class went very fast. At first it was difficult for me to understand the lessons held in English since I had never lived in any... Read More English-speaking countries.What do you think about it after reading my situation? Do you think it seems difficult to get programming knowledge for me?So did I. I worried about whether I could follow the classmates.But after these 9 weeks, I know I should not have worried about anything.There were teachers and assistants who were very good at teaching.Moreover, classmates were enthusiastic to get skills, so they motivated me.Now, I can make web apps since I get skills of Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, CSS, HTML, and so on.This camp is good to get skills in only nine weeks!Read Less",le-wagon
"The coding bootcamp at Le Wagon Amsterdam taught me that you don’t have to be working with computers since you were a 12 years old in order to become a web developer.I have been a working professional since I came out of high school and even with work... Read More experience in the finance sector I felt that I was less and less qualified for the jobs of the future by the day. We live in a world that is digitalizing rapidly which requires new skills from its workforce. Knowing this I realised that no matter what position I am working in, I will need to be able to code and or at least understand fundamental concepts of development in order to progress in my career.Applying to this programme made sense to me as it was more compact and real life oriented than a bachelor in computer science and ended with us presenting a fully functional application to investors and potential employers after the camp.Even though the bootcamp was one of the most challenging experiences I had (50 hours a week of high intensity learning) I never felt overwhelmed as the teachers were really competent and would help by giving hints when stuck with a challenge. Due to the extra activities we would participate in at the days end (Drinks, Lunches and City tours but also professional workshops and speakers) the atmosphere was always great and the students got along very well with one another. From my experience it is very common to stay in touch afterwards!Personally I am very happy to have participated and I recommend every person that want’s to get into tech but is uncertain on how to start to take part in this awesome experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon came highly recommended but I didn’t anticipate how much I would achieve in the 9 weeks. The high teacher ratio meant help was always on hand, and rather than being ‘spoon-fed’ we were encouraged to problem solve and to approach the daily challenges... Read More with the mindset of a developer.As a career changer and being new to the industry, the evening events with entrepreneurs, thought-leaders and the career workshops were particularly useful. I was dubious at first but the bi-weekly yoga was amazing when all we were doing was sleeping eating coding &amp; repeating!It does what it says - after Airbnb week and pushing our final apps to production I felt equipped with the tools and attitude needed to build my own projects. And the contacts too - the alumni network has already proved fantastic for both industry contacts when job searching and when code issues crop up.It’s tough and it’s like no other learning experience, but learning to code with Le Wagon is one the best decisions I’ve made - do it!Read Less",le-wagon
"For the lazy ones :+ Well structured days with lecture, coding with a buddy and live coding session.+ Large learning platform: videos of the lectures to rewatch, learning cards, cheatsheets, tasks with solutions, etc. + Good and competent teachers+ Interesting... Read More classmates from all around the world, of different ages, with different professional backgrounds--&gt; Net Promoter Score 10/10A bit more detailed :My background: After working for several years as an account manager for several companies, I came to a point in my life where I had to decide whether I wanted to continue or whether I wanted to develop in a new direction. Coding and programming have always interested me, but I have somehow never found the right entry. Through a friend I came across Le Wagon and then got over quitting my job and visiting the boot camp.I visited the batch in autumn 2018 with about 40 others. At the beginning I thought that there were too many people, but the lessons were always very smooth. With the ""buddy system"" you work with a different classmate every day anyway. In general, everything is very well structured. The day starts with a lecture, then you work with the buddy on various tasks. You basically work independently, but if you can't get any further, you can fall back on the buddy. This system has a very exciting dynamic, because sometimes I understood a concept better and thus helped the buddy and sometimes vice versa. By explaining it, you learn a lot yourself. In the evening follows a live coding session in class.The learning platform is very well structured with all the tasks (built-in solutions), videos and slides of the lectures, flashcards, etc. (Of course you still have access after the course). Some teachers are Le Wagon Alumnis, but all are competent and more than capable. For more complicated topics (e.g. SQL) there are also external experts who teach.I learned more useful things in 9 weeks than in 4 years of university! ...It was a very good decision!Read Less",le-wagon
"After attending Le Wagon, you are limited only by your imagination. I, like many of my classmates, came from a non-technical professional field. My undergraduate degree was in secondary education and I spent the first years of my professional life as... Read More a high school history teacher. I knew I needed a change, and Le Wagon was exactly what I needed.I read many of these reviews on SwitchUp when determining which bootcamp would be a good fit for me, and found the rave reviews for Le Wagon to be well-founded. It was one of the most challenging and rewarding experiences of my life. Le Wagon provides an abundance of support and resources - one-on-one teacher assistance, daily paired-programming challenges, group programming challenges, and optional reboots for students, like me, who felt as though they would benefit from additional support in learning key fundamental concepts. Additionally, my experience at Le Wagon taught me how to learn a language and to think like a developer, which has proven to be extremely helpful as I have started to branch-out post-graduation.Le Wagon was wonderful experience and continues to be a supportive community as I transition into a role as a junior developer. If you’re still on the fence about which coding bootcamp might be the right fit for you, I strongly encourage you to reach out to Le Wagon - you will not be disappointed.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting the 9 weeks full stack program with Le Wagon in Casablanca, I was working as an investment analyst and gained over 3 years of experience in that position. I was at a turning point in my career where my next move would be to either stay... Read More in the industry and look for a position in a different firm or take another path for the future.After some reflection, I decided to pursue a career in technology. My plan at the time was not set in stone but learning new skills is never a bad idea, especially if the skills in question are highly sought after by the job market.After a quick search for the best coding bootcamps and programs online, I stumbled upon Le Wagon. All the reviews I read about the full stack program were describing the experience as life changing and were giving a detailed account of the skills that would be acquired after just 9 weeks.After a few weeks of learning the basics of programing on my own online, I realised that having a structured program to complete within a set period of time was the way to go to further develop my skills and get closer to a level where I would be able to develop products and market my skills competitively.Fast forwarding 3 months later, I was enrolled in Le Wagon and ready to hone my new skills.The first weeks of the program are packed with knowledge and it is truly a full time commitment. The days would start at 9AM with a lecture about the topic tackled that day, followed by a full day of coding challenges where we use that knowledge to solve problems or create micro applications and would end with a live code run by the professor. Most days would end around 7PM.The main language used throughout the program is Ruby, an object-oriented language that allows you to write code fast, easily understandable for people new to programming but also very powerful once used in conjunction with the framework Rails.The basics of HTML, CSS, Javascript and SQL were also dispensed over two weeks in order to truly be able to build a web application from start to finish. The last two weeks of the bootcamp are dedicated to project week. They are the most challenging weeks and were where all the knowledge pieces acquired over the first 7 weeks fall into places.The program kept its promise to deliver knowledge in a way that takes you beyond the beginner level in 9 weeks and allows you to feel confident to tackle larger projects in the future.Le Wagon clearly states its intent to deliver content primarily for entrepreneurs wanting to acquire the technical skills to develop their ideas - and it does that in a stellar manner. The course content also caters to people looking to acquire technical skills to further evolve in their current position. The social aspect of the bootcamp is also something worth pointing out. I was surprised to see so much diversity in profiles - 50% of the participants were there with the objective to rejoin their current position but needed that extra tech skill boost, while the other half were either in reconversion like me or had the intention to become freelance full stack web developer.The bootcamp exceeded my expectations and allowed me to immediately market my newly acquired skills as a freelance web developer and I’m not excluding the option to join another bootcamp in the future to further my tech education.As a repatriate, I was glad to join a community of people with the same goals as mine i.e. acquire skills to further develop the digitalisation of services in Morocco and globally. The environment is conducive to learning the best practice in coding as well as the startup workflow. The course was delivered in a coworking space where I had the chance to meet people with different background and trying to take their businesses and ideas to the next level, which is more than what I was expecting.Every week, there are activities organised for the students - boxing, yoga, meditation and talks with local founders sharing their experience. Overall, it was a fulfilling experience and I recommend it to anyone coming back to Morocco after spending time abroad. It allowed me to grow my local network and boost my career plans.My takeaways from this experience were the following:It doesn’t necessarily take a long time to acquire new skills, a well structured program such as the one offered by Le Wagon do just that.It’s never too late to pivot a career, you just need a plan and target a fast growing industry.Take the time to further develop your skills after the bootcamp. The bootcamp can only take you so far and delivers everything you need to get started with your new career but in order to produce a quality product, you will need to keep learning long after you finish the bootcamp, you have to think about it more like a marathon than a sprint.Get out of your usual environment, meet new people, share ideas with them and grow from their experiences too. This is an aspect of the bootcamp that is not easily replicable and would ultimately make the experience so special.Read Less",le-wagon
"My story with Le Wagon started even before I considered becoming a developer. I was going through that moment in life when you're seeking what you really want to do with your future.I was having a hard time to find a job in my city and decided to live... Read More in Germany to study German and apply for a Master programm in Finance. Being on my own for 6 months there made me realize that most of the things I know today were not exactly thanks to my studies during my MBA, but thanks to my work experience and I started to doubt if this Master programm was really the best choice for my future as I wanted my skills to be praised rather than my degrees.After talking with a friend about this I came to learn about Le Wagon and after some research I decided to come back to Rio and be part of it. Joining Le Wagon was one of the most amazing experiences I had. Everybody in the bootcamp was very friendly and you could trust the staff to help you in your every need. I also met people with different backgrounds than mine and that is also what made the experience amazing.I only coded before for a short time but that wasn't an issue, the bootcamp is well structured so that a newbie can learn just as much as someone who coded before. One of the most impressive things was being able to build a fully functional web app from scratch in just two weeks. I never thought I would be able to learn so much in such a short time.If you're considering studying with Le Wagon, know this: you will struggle and you will doubt yourself but trust them and you won't regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I entered the Le Wagon bootcamp after building a career in television broadcasting for 12 years as I needed a change and changing workplaces didn’t bring the job satisfaction I was after. I started to learn to code besides my job at the time and the longer... Read More I stayed with it the more sense and fun it made. Still having doubts about my capabilities, I signed up for the bootcamp to see how I perform compared to others and to follow the path of many successful students. Studying at Le Wagon Amsterdam was a unique and fantastic experience. I loved joining a group of like-minded people who motivated me to do my best and beyond under the guidance of competent teachers to become a web developer. After completing the bootcamp, I’m even more enthusiastic to grow a career in web development than ever before.Read Less",le-wagon
"WHY I WANTED TO LEARN TO CODEWith degrees in Humanities, Political Science and eventually Business School, I had worked as a marketer in FMCG and then in a large tech start-up in Asia. I needed a break and also wanted to address the utter intellectual... Read More curiosity and frustration of not understanding the web-products that had been revolutionizing the world economy.I also felt like I needed the skillset to build things myself and not rely solely on the skills the corporate world had taught me because some of them would end up being non transferable in another environment (eg. as an entrepreneur or a freelancer). That skillset also meant the possibility of freedom to me.WHY I CHOSE LE WAGONFirstly, a few friends of mine had done it and ended up teaching there right after completing the program, which I found unbelievably cool.I had read many reviews about Le Wagon that contained lots of promises. Even though I could believe them, I couldn’t comprehend how my brain was supposed to go about it in only 8 weeks time. How the Wagon goes about teaching you coding - their approach - is simply word-class. The learning curve is steep and the program is definitely not for the faint-hearted. But problems that seemed insuperable in the first weeks turned out to become the least of our concerns in the project weeks.I had no idea what was under the hood of a software on day 1.. On week 6, I ended up coding an AirBnB clone from scratch and then a custom merchant app with a team of students. This is how steep your learning curve is going to be.THANK YOUI could not have done it without the support of my fellow batch #189 students. Our teachers, Inou, Ellyn, Elsa, Albert and our managing staff Guido and Dirk have been amazingly caring and supportive. I am happy to count them as friends today. LAST WORDSThis program is not for everyone. Not in the sense that you need prior knowledge of coding or an analytical/technical/quantitative background to be successful. But it does require a high level of resilience, motivation and absolute trust in Le Wagon’s team. Today I am joining a US tech giant in a Product Marketing role, hoping to transition to a semi-technical role in the near future. I am still coding and upgrading my skills thanks to Le Wagon’s online platform, community and a custom curriculum designed by my teachers.Do it in Bali, seriously. That’s my last and most important advice ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"La Wagon m’a apporté toutes les ressources et compétences nécessaires pour construire un projet de A-Z. Tous les aspects sont identifiés et travaillés en groupe avec les profs, du design à la conception web.Le BootCamp se veut intensif et l’est pour ouvrir... Read More au maximum le champ des possibles. Le background en sortie de formation nous offre l’opportunité de travailler aussi bien en tant que développeur que product manager.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came from university specializing in humanities and social sciences. Having always had an interest in coding, I pursued it through free online tutorials, Moocs, and self-study. Eventually I decided that a guided curriculum with first hand instruction... Read More would be more effective and I was right. Le Wagon provides you with the tools to get started and build cool apps by encouraging and instilling both an engineering and entrepreneurial mind-set. I learned not only how to code but how to continue to build on my knowledge and grow my skills in the craft of full-stack web development. I've had the chance to meet amazing people during and after the 9-week training. I can tell you you'll never be alone. There's always someone to give you a helping hand, whether it might be a buddy, an alumnus or a teacher. The backgrounds of the participants are incredibly diverse: businessmen, writers, engineers, designers, artists, architects... The curriculum is top-notch and its designed to bring one from zero skills to product development and deployment. Each day of the first six weeks is structured by lectures in the morning, followed by a handful of challenges designed by Le Wagon. Every student is paired with another ""buddy"" to practice ""pair-programming"" principles, during which teachers and teacher assistants are available to help. At the end of the day the class returns to the lecture room for an hour-long ""live-code"" session to review challenging topics of the day. The last three weeks are set aside for projects. At this point, students have all the skills and technical know-how to design and deploy a marketplace app structured like AirBnb. This first project is only a preparation for the final two weeks when each group must conceive, design and deploy an app putting to work all that was learned throughout the course. As a student you get access to a uniquely designed online platform to accompany your studies with flashcards, lecture source code, challenges, cheatsheets, easily searchable lecture notes and video tutorials. The core feature, however, is the immediate and automated code review mechanism after every coding challenge. Implementing behavior driven testing environment (RSpec), each coded assignment is immediately reviewed by an automated test perfected from the previous experience of over hundred+ bootcamps and 4,000+ students'. With this you're allowed to review and improve your code, learn to read error messages and eventually understand how to design a test-driven production process in Ruby. Eventually, if you are still stuck on your code, there is a ticketing system which encourages you to describe your difficulty to teachers, after which a teacher will help you one on one in person. The process of coding, reviewing and testing becomes so second nature that by the end of the bootcamp you're no longer frightened by error messages in your code but encouraged to investigate. As a result of 9 intense weeks I am more confident in my ability both to learn software engineering techniques and develop product ideas. Friends, family and associates approach me with ideas for an app or a business and now I can actually see how it ought to be implemented or what I have to learn to get started on it. Great teachers, high quality resources and awesome staff -- the course is overall well-designed and the intense. I can't imagine learning more in 9 weeks from zero to full stack with a product-focused foundation to keep learning and develop my skills in fruitful directions. The network after the course is warm and supportive. The environment is demanding and enriching. Great value!Read Less",le-wagon
"After going abroad and finishing High School in Canada, I wasn’t satisfied with my life on my home country, I wanted to do more and learn more and get to know new cultures, and I didn’t want to go college/university right away after High School. I really... Read More enjoyed computers and technology, so I started looking for online coding courses, but after a while I realized that it was better to learn to code in a different environment, and then I started looking for Coding Bootcamps in Europe, because I have few friends there and it would an awesome opportunity to visit then, as a bonus I would still learn how to code, so I read some reviews about Le Wagon and I was so surprised, because all of them were super positive. After talking to my parents about the idea of going abroad again and study coding I decided to apply to the Le Wagon in Barcelona, I have a lot of friends from Spain, and I thought it would be amazing to live in a city like Barcelona, after applying and scheduling a video call where I got know Gus the Driver from Le Wagon Barcelona, we talked about my goals to the future and what I expected about the bootcamp, and Gus is such a nice guy, since the beginning until the end of the course he is always there supporting the students. After the video call he sent me a small Ruby test, that I had to finish on the next few days, and then I got accepted.One special thing about Le Wagon is their community, the teachers and TAs are amazing, they are always helping you, no matter what. The course itself is very well structured, everything you learn since the beginning is important on the following weeks, don’t get me wrong, you have to be very focused and committed to code for the whole day, but trust me at Le Wagon time flies, it’s not boring, it’s fun and rewarding, every day you get to work with a different classmate, and this way you are always making some type of networking, and by the end of the bootcamp I’m sure your classmates will be like a family to you, it happened to me. And on the last two weeks where we were able to build our own apps from the scratch and present it to the public at the demo day and seeing what we were capable of was amazing, the best part of the bootcamp, indeed.After the bootcamp I can surely say that Le Wagon really changed my life, Le Wagon gave me purpose and it opened opportunities for me in the future, with coding you are always learning and that’s the cool thing about coding it never stops evolving. The next step for me is going to College and learn even more about Web Development and new technologies, and of course, explore the world while coding. Thanks for changing my life Le Wagon Barcelona.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was thinking about the next step in my career and I became increasingly interested in software engineering. I wanted to have a strong start into coding so I opted for a boot camp experience. In particular, I choose Le Wagon because extremely product... Read More focus and its strong reputation worldwide. Also, Barcelona was very appealing as a major tech hub and design capital in Southern Europe.I wanted to learn how to code to design and realize an MVP so I was amazed by what we were able to create in such a little time. Furthermore, I had the luck to meet several creative fellow students.My advice to future students is to learn as much as you can and don’t be afraid to ask. Le Wagon has been a great start into coding and such a cool experience.Read Less",le-wagon
我在2017年的暑假加入了Le Wagon。在此之前我是成都外国语学校国际部的一名高二学生，想要在即将到来的申请季申请到理想大学的计算机科学专业。我想在进入大学前对计算机科学有一个比较初步的认识，所以从高一开始自学编程。但是自学到的知识是碎片化的，我也并不知道如何投入到实际应用当中。最后在同学和老师的推荐下进入了Le Wagon。我是Batch#88中年龄最小的学生，并且当时没有接触过很多英文的计算机术语，所以对当时的我来说Le Wagon是相当有挑战的。 经过了在Le Wagon的两个月之后，我从最开始的编程小白成为了在团队里一起开发项目的一员。Le... Read More Wagon的两个月对当时即将步入美国大学的我来说真的是受益颇多。最后两周的final project和我在Le Wagon两个月的宝贵经历都成为了我申请大学的resume和essay中画龙点睛的一笔。现在我就读于美国伍斯特理工学院的计算机科学专业。在Le Wagon的学习中我不仅积累到了很多的编程经验，也从中学到了如何有效率的进行peer coding和团队合作，这些对我在美国大学的学习确实有很大帮助，让我受益匪浅。Read Less,le-wagon
"Le wagon Montreal is an amazing boot camp with teachers who really care about you. They truly want you to learn and they make hard concepts very easy to understand. I was a student in school coming in, and I really enjoyed it! The students were all very... Read More nice and I made great friends there. Overall, this boot camp was fantastic and I would definitely recommend it!Read Less",le-wagon
本人出国党，坐标成都。明年将于伦斯勒理工就读计算机科学专业。为了让我的申请更出彩并提前准备大学的学习，我高二暑假在升学顾问建议下参加了Le Wagon编程训练营。虽然在内地，但我们那一届的学员百分之八十都来自世界各地，学习环境当然是英文。课程的内容主要是全栈开发，使用的框架是Ruby on Rails。即使我之前有一定的编程基础，这个课程对我来说也是有挑战的。每天学习的强度固然大，但老师和助教都会很热心地帮助你。学员也都相当认真，在这种环境下你能很高效的学习。勤苦一天下来，想一想当天的进步和收获，劳累就只是过眼云烟。... Read More排除掉所有硬核的知识或技术不说，Le Wagon最重要的是让我增强了团队合作的能力。在来Le Wagon之前，我一直是个独狼程序员，从来没有和他人一起写过代码。在Le Wagon学习的两个月内，我发现自己团队合作的能力与日俱增。我们每天下午都会和另一位同学两人一组，完成某些程序。与同学讨论的过程非常锻炼表达想法的能力。除了最后的产品，我们有定期需要团队合作的项目。在合作中，每个人都可以负责他想做的部分，从而专注于他认为更有价值更有意义的事。同样，我们的团队都会很开放，每个人都有一技之长，并且可以从团队成员里学到知识技术。而在一些比如用户界面，用户体验设计等主观性较强的问题上，这样一个多样化的团队则能给予关键的意见和建议。对才入坑的新手来说，虽然编程的学习肯定不是一蹴而就的，但Le Wagon绝对能为你夯实一个非常牢固的基础。而对已有经验的程序猿，Le Wagon提供了一个非常强大的校友网络。你可以了解编程方面最新的资讯，甚至找到一份工作或合作伙伴。Read Less,le-wagon
"(Bali, batch #163)Before attending the bootcamp I was just finishing my bachelor’s in law (quite a different field than coding I admit but it was not a major issue). My main motivation for attending Le Wagon was getting the skills to create my own products... Read More and become independent in my job. Turns out it’s exactly what the program brought me. I got on board the Le Wagon adventure with a friend who told me about it. At first, I was sceptical about how much I could achieve in only 2 months of classes so I started to do my own research and realized it was worth it to accept the challenge. Therefore, I came to Bali to be challenged and I was not disappointed. The program is really intense and it requires a lot of physical and mental dedication. It is made for students to give their best and get the most out of the 2-months program. Also, it adapts to the level of students, I think it would be hard for anyone to finish every exercise every day. But that you can find in many bootcamps I assume and I want to explain you why I think Le Wagon is unique among other bootcamps. I only realized how exceptional this program is when I got there and here are my reasons.First, on the very first day we had the introductions with the team members and our classmates and I understood that this bootcamp was serious. All of the teachers but one were previous students of Le Wagon who had taken the bootcamp in the past but also worked in the tech industry. It didn’t take me long to realize that they were real experts in what they were doing and that they were really enthusiastic about taking us to the same level.Second, I was worried I would not have enough previous experience to follow everything that was going on everyday but I was willing to do as much as possible and give my best every day. To be honest, the environment and people around me really helped me to stay on track as it is sometimes frustrating not to achieve as much as you think you should. It takes some humility to accept that but thankfully Le Wagon doesn’t only teach about coding. It also teaches you to keep a positive mindset and help you improve your social skills. Especially in Bali because we are all immerged in the same conditions in a wonderful location with a lot of activities to enjoy and far from our daily routine. I think this situation really brought us together and made this experience better in every aspect. Le Wagon also teaches you the coding methodology. By giving you instant feedback, with the rake, a test written for each exercise which is guiding you to the solution. Also by pushing students to solve an issue themselves like an experienced coder would do - by googling it - instead of giving the answer straight away. Of course, they do help you if you have any problem but they really help students become autonomous learners and programmers. Also, something I loved was that the team spent time with us outside the classroom to share moments together, and we made great memories! I never felt like I was lonely because everything was made for the group to really get together.I struggled a good amount during those 2 months but it was one of the best experiences in my life where I met great people and surpassed myself. In the end, we all had great products ready for demo day and celebrated it properly.Finally, I’ll talk a bit about my post batch experience. I started a master’s in law a few weeks after I finished the program and quitted one month after to dedicate myself to coding 100% of my time. I think it’s really important to keep coding right after you finish the bootcamp to keep building on the fresh skills that you have just learnt. Now I feel like I can learn anything about coding by myself because all the resources I need are out there. I am now building a web agency with 2 other friends while trying to launch my own product at the same time. All these reasons make the Le Wagon bootcamp in Bali exceptional to me. I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a life changing experience and is ready to apply this change to their life right after the bootcamp. Valentin Raille (Bali, batch #163)Read Less",le-wagon
大學填志願時，還不清楚人生的方向，隨意按照考試分數報名一所風評不錯的大學的資訊科系。進大學後，上課不認真，下課跑社團，一直沒有定下心來好好唸書，少數幾堂認真上的課也只是讓我有了一點基礎概念，離把資訊當成事業還差了十萬八千里。畢業後，帶著那些薄弱的程式底子，我一個資訊相關的工作都不敢應徵，最後，進入了一家小投資公司擔任產品助理。這個工作沒什麼壓力，但薪水卻也低，做的事情又缺乏專業性及挑戰性。雖然心知這樣下去不是辦法，卻也不知道要怎麼改變現況。近兩年的時間，下班後我斷斷續續上了各種線上線下的課程，包含語言、UI設計、運動等，美其名是培養興趣及一技之長，實際上是因為內心非常茫然，不知道自己還能做什麼，所以只能什麼都試試看。然而這些課程也因為白天要上班，學習時間不連貫，缺乏實作經驗，最後課程結束後也不了了之，還是回到公司繼續渾渾噩噩的工作，所學也漸漸生疏。... Read More經過兩年的思考，抱著破釜沈舟的決心，決定辭去工作，重拾曾經大學接觸過的領域，也因為這是我唯一有點基礎的技能，聊勝於無。搜尋課程花了很長的時間，因為實在不知道要從什麼語言學起，網路上的建議也眾說紛紜。最後，抱著姑且一試的心情，報名了網路上口碑最好的Le Wagon。我的目標很簡單，提高薪水、培養技能，也希望以後講到自己的經歷時，能夠自豪的說：“我大學念資訊，現在是一名工程師。”剛開始其實很擔心，因為自己不是一個自動自發的人，加上課程是全英文，同學也來自世界各地。不但要適應語言，還要在短短九週內學會這麼多東西，並在期末用短短兩週完成作品並進行發表。對於大學四年用母語都學不好一個程式語言的人，這是多大的挑戰。開始上課後，這些擔心卻完全拋至腦後，因為，並沒有時間及精力讓我胡思亂想。每天的課程從早到晚，課程結束後，大家非常有默契的留下來繼續練習及討論，受到這個氛圍影響，我也絲毫不敢懈怠。不同於大學課程，Le Wagon更注重實作及培養思考能力，透過大量的練習將課程內容融會貫通，同時在老師、助教及同學的幫助下，學習解決問題的辦法。面對一道道題目，一個一個將它破解是一件很有成就感的事。有時候光是想一道題就可以煩惱幾個小時還想不出來，忍不住都要放棄了，但當解開的一瞬間，又會高興得忍不住吶喊。就是在這樣的喜悅及夥伴們的陪伴下，讓我能夠繼續面對這些密密麻麻的程式碼，並逐漸建立自信心。在這裡的九個星期，只能用“永生難忘”來形容了。過去沒有，未來大概也很難再有這樣的機會跟一群好戰友們一起互相扶持、沒日沒夜、為了一個共同的目標努力前進。累嗎？真的很累，每天近十小時都在進行腦力激盪，有時候連假日都不敢休息，就怕跟不上或拖累大家。值得嗎？相信我，沒有比這個過程更有趣、更值得又更令人興奮的事了！Read Less,le-wagon
"I took the bootcamp in Bali, expecting to be able to program some of the ideas I had in my mind and get a better access to technology. These expectations were exceeded, by far.First of all, the learning platform that the guys of Le Wagon have developed... Read More is impressive, to put it mildly. All the materials were accessible and everything felt super intuitive. The platform in my view is not only supportive but an integral part of the program.Second, I was super impressed by the quality of teaching. I am now in my third week after the bootcamp and still very excited about all the things and got to know about technology. Also, the practical nature of the camp was very much how I like to learn things. And the ticketing system for when you need support is efficient, giving always access to either a teacher or a teaching assistant.Third, I believe the main language - Ruby - that is being thought is an excellent entry point to software development, as it is much easier to understand than most other languages I have seen so far. Once this is mastered, I truly believe that learning another language will be much easier.Overall, I can thoroughly recommend the course, especially if you're willing to step into the world of technology and want to take ownership of it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I initially graduated in Criminal Justice, but after university, I didn't really have a clear route I wanted to take in my career, and did a few different jobs without feeling satisfied. Then, a couple years ago, I tried some free coding sites online,... Read More and realized that I wanted to pursue a technical career. Learning on my own for a year only got me so far, so I decided to research coding bootcamps. Besides the passion for coding, I'm also an experienced diver, and I was curious if there were any coding bootcamps in Thailand or Bali. I googled ""coding bootcamp Bali"", and Le Wagon popped up. I researched them online and knew right then that I was going to attend their bootcamp. Learning to code in a place as fantastic as Bali is a win/win. If i'm going to look at a computer all day, I wanted to balance it out with an awesome ocean sunset right outside our classroom window. The first few weeks of the bootcamp are tough, as you start to grasp programming basics, concepts, and logic, but if you stay focused and follow the teacher's suggestions, very soon you really start to understand how to apply all the tools Le Wagon has given you. The teacher's support during the whole bootcamp is incredible. Their educational skills and the in-depth knowledge of the tech allows them to be really explain what you're learning, and their passion and the attention for the students are truly remarkable. When you have any doubt or need clarifications, you always receive an accurate explanation and the one-to-one keeps going until everything is finally clear. Also, the program is outstanding. I love that each week's topic builds onto the following week's topic, so you're gradually building the tools and knowledge you need to build full web apps. With only six weeks of coding experience, the class built a lot of awesome projects. And then the real fun begins: building your final project. Our project uses a GitHub API to nicely display your GitHub projects, along with the language used to create them (www.buidl.cc), graphs and other features that I would never have thought I'd be able to implement after such a short time. My Le Wagon knowledge and resume has helped me greatly. After just two weeks from the end of the bootcamp I am now already interviewing for a few companies (including a fortune 500 company who specialises in consulting, cybersecurity, and other services for the US Government), without any previous technical experience. Aside from the code, the friends and bonds you make with classmates are for a lifetime, and Bali is really the perfect place to mix learning and social life. I miss it already. It was the greatest experience of my life, and I would do it all over again today. I am very happy that I decided to attend Le Wagon! Change your life, learn to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been working as an English teacher in Thailand and China before I decided that it was time to move to a more future-proofed and lucrative career. Coding had always been of interest to me because I’m both creative and I enjoy problem solving. Bootcamps... Read More are the fastest way for someone inexperienced to become an employed developer, and I was attracted to Le Wagon above all others based on their track record of being able to train people with immediately serviceable and employer-sought skills in just nine weeks.I visited the Le Wagon London campus to speak with current students and teachers and to better understand the Le Wagon culture, and although instantly impressed, I opted to study in the sunshine and surf of Bali.The setting couldn’t have been more perfect, and it was a wonderful learning experience as the course teaches you things at a pace that initially seems too fast to handle, but the concepts that you learn are reinforced again and again and again throughout the bootcamp, and you realise come the start of the Airbnb week and final projects that… you know how to build web applications.The teachers are friendly, knowledgeable, and always available to help you on the bootcamp, and the teaching material is well structured to continually build on your previous knowledge.Since finishing the bootcamp, I’ve proven that I took away the proficiency and the skills to build web apps away from the assistance of teachers and have built a portfolio that I’m now using to leverage my way into the career that I want. Le Wagon is supporting me in this process, and the alumni community, based all around the globe, is there at a moment’s notice for any questions I have.The experience of Le Wagon was overwhelmingly positive, and as well as new skills, lifelong friendships were forged during the bootcamp itself. I don’t think I was alone in my batch in graduating with a brothers-in-arms mentality of knowing that by doing Le Wagon, we’d been a part of something special. A learning experience that was going to take us forwards into the rest of our lives.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been working as an English teacher in Thailand and China before I decided that it was time to move to a more future-proofed and lucrative career. Coding had always been of interest to me because I’m both creative and I enjoy problem solving. Bootcamps... Read More are the fastest way for someone inexperienced to become an employed developer, and I was attracted to Le Wagon above all others based on their track record of being able to train people with immediately serviceable and employer-sought skills in just nine weeks.I visited the Le Wagon London campus to speak with current students and teachers and to better understand the Le Wagon culture, and although instantly impressed, I opted to study in the sunshine and surf of Bali.The setting couldn’t have been more perfect, and it was a wonderful learning experience as the course teaches you things at a pace that initially seems too fast to handle, but the concepts that you learn are reinforced again and again and again throughout the bootcamp, and you realise come the start of the Airbnb week and final projects that… you know how to build web applications.The teachers are friendly, knowledgeable, and always available to help you on the bootcamp, and the teaching material is well structured to continually build on your previous knowledge.Since finishing the bootcamp, I’ve proven that I took away the proficiency and the skills to build web apps away from the assistance of teachers and have built a portfolio that I’m now using to leverage my way into the career that I want. Le Wagon is supporting me in this process, and the alumni community, based all around the globe, is there at a moment’s notice for any questions I have.The experience of Le Wagon was overwhelmingly positive, and as well as new skills, lifelong friendships were forged during the bootcamp itself. I don’t think I was alone in my batch in graduating with a brothers-in-arms mentality of knowing that by doing Le Wagon, we’d been a part of something special. A learning experience that was going to take us forwards into the rest of our lives.Read Less",le-wagon
"Even though I had mixed feelings when I applied for Le Wagon due to 1) Ruby as a programming language and 2) uncertainty what former students are able to teach you, I found the Le Wagon experience in Bali to be amazing and exactly what I was looking for.... Read MoreThe most important takeaway from the 2 months is the confidence to just go out there and learn any programming related subject I'm interested in (even if it might take some time). I gained the necessary skills to teach myself new concepts and debug code that is not working first time. Quick hint: If you do Le Wagon, definitely choose Bali. It is a no-brainer, trust me.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I was working as a business developer in a big French construction company, based in Hong Kong.I joined the camp because I had been thinking for a while of switching and going in IT. But IT is so big I did not know what to do there... Read More nor how to switch. By talking with friends working in different fields and by having a closer link at what they each did I figured that web development would be a fun way to start coding and entering the IT world.Some of them mentioned different bootcamp that they knew of, but Le Wagon is the only one good friends attended. Since I know them well and trust them, when they told me that it was a great experience I just went for it.The camp experience was intense, days can be long (10-12h). You have many things to learn and find out that 24h in a day is not enough to to everything, learning and having a life. Although it was intense it was also great as the other buddies attending the bootcamp were all nice and fun people. There was a good team spirit and solidarity, since we all came in here to learn as much as we could and all had different objectives for after the camp.I'm pretty social, love meeting people, and Le Wagon introduced me to an impressive diversity of people. Several nationalities being represented (13 was it?), many different backgrounds etc. It was perfect!For people hesitating doing a coding bootcamp I'd say, it will be intense don't fool yourself, but you will learn a lot and will come out of it with good buddies and be part of a family.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined batch 194 in Shanghai I was the Director of the EU SME Centre – www.eusmecentre.org.cn – an institution set up by the European Union nine years ago to help European companies understand how to do business in China. By the time I joined... Read More Le Wagon batch 194 I had already been living and working in China for sixteen years and during this time I could see and feel how quickly things were developing especially in the area of digital technologies. At the same time, I’d always been interested in learning how to code ‘properly’ and so the full-stack syllabus provided by Le Wagon hit many of the right notes for me. After completing the course in December 2018, I can say that I have not been disappointed. The syllabus and content are excellent - and for those in China there was also the significant bonus of learning about the WeChat environment and how to develop a mini-programme - but more importantly the Le Wagon team and my fellow 194ers were inspirational with their energy and enthusiasm. By the end of the nine weeks each team member had pitched a product three times and put together three webapps and this was on top of all the morning lectures and live codes that we attended daily. It was hard work but only added to the level of camaraderie within the batch. I can safely say that it’s been a wonderful experience and one I would heartedly recommend to anyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a business background, I was really drawn to digital entrepreneurship but my lack of technical skills was always a restraint. Attending Le Wagon was one of the most intensive yet rewarding 9 weeks of my life! The bootcamp not only taught me... Read More how to code effectively, but also put me in contact with some of the most passionate and talented people in the industry.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I was young, I always dreamed about being a hacker, growing up watching movies such as “The Matrix” or “Hackers”. I used to imagine myself quickly typing lines upon lines of code onto my computer screen. Despite initially studying marketing and being... Read More inclined towards that career path, I swiftly began to move towards web project management, thinking one day I would be able to pursue my dream career and become a developer. I tried to work on very technical projects and teach myself on websites such as “Code Academy” or “Le Site du Zero” (“OpenClassroom” for the older people). The main problem that I used to encounter with these websites was that I had some difficulties when trying to understand the global view about programming. Overall, even after finishing a tutorial I still felt like I couldn’t create something by myself.After browsing the internet, I came across Le Wagon! For me, the Bootcamp format was an ideal solution because the training seemed fast and complete. Le Wagon really was an amazing experience. It gives you the chance to meet so many people who all come from different places.If I had to sum up my experience, I would say that:- I liked the teaching as it gave us an overview of the creation of a web product, from the initial product design to its development- There was also a good overview of the Full Stack development (front-office and back-office)- Both the teachers and teaching assistants were really kind as they took time to really help us complete exercises and to make sure we fully understood the key notions and ideas - The environment was great between everyone (you must be prepared to drink a lot of beers during the 2 months!)At the end of my time at Wagon, there was the impression that you could learn absolutely anything and create any kind of web product. I must admit that at times the pace of learning was very intense and there were times where I felt a little bit lost, but you have to really trust their teaching methods and ways of learning because at the end you will finally be able to thoroughly understand all of the different concepts.As for now, I am a Full Stack Developer at a start-up company and I love what I do. However, the lines of code don’t roll across my screen at a fast speed as they do in the movies! I still have a lot to learn, but I am happy to have had the chance to change my career path all thanks to Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve been living and working in China for over 11 years before starting the Le Wagon boot camp. The first few years I was working with an ecommerce startup in Digital Marketing before going out on my own starting my own agency. I’ve worked closely with... Read More developers the entire time I’ve been in China and I took a few online development courses which simply didn’t work. I joined Le Wagon to get to hands on approach to coding so I could understand how to better manage a team of developers, as well as to be able to create and code my own crazy product ideas I’ve had over the years. After completing the boot camp, I can see and feel that there has been an immediate impact on my business and I’ve already started coding one of those product ideas that I have been sitting on for years. This boot camp is perfect for those people who are looking for a change, or like me, want to expand their knowledge and actually build something meaningful. So get ready for fast paced, impactful, and more importantly exciting 9 weeks!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining the camp, I was working on various tech-related projects. I never had the technological skills I needed in order to develop the products I wanted to create and that’s why I decided to join Le Wagon. The camp was a crazy experience and it... Read More definitely exceeded my expectations. It was a little overwhelming at times because of the intense learning speed, but the whole experience was very rewarding. The driver, teachers and TAs are all very helpful and they really care about you and your learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been working as a management consultant for the past 3 years, but my dream in life is to become an entrepreneur and launch my own startup. Choosing to attend Le Wagon was probably one of the best decisions of my life. Why Le Wagon? Le Wagon’s mission... Read More is indeed to “bring technical skills to creative people”. This is exactly what I was looking for as a beginner and as a wanna-be entrepreneur. Le Wagon’s bootcamp by far exceeded my expectations for a thousand reasons, the main 3 being: •	Unique and exhaustive syllabus (the most complete of all!) which really equips you to become a full-stack developer with a product manager/entrepreneurial mind and collaborative skills to work with other developers! Other bootcamps only focus on either back-end or front-end or specific topics – only some offer a full-stack preparation. Le Wagon not only offers a full-stack syllabus, but it offers the best. It does not teach you static notions alone, but during the bootcamp students really embrace a new developer mindset: for instance, we understood how to plan user journeys of our apps for a top-tier user experience (vital nowadays to make your app thrive!), how to approach ambiguous problems and attain a “continue-to-learn” mindset. What does this mean? That, not only does Le Wagon teach Ruby on Rails, Javascript, HTML and CSS, but it really gives you the skills to learn any programming language from scratch if you wish to and thereby build your new app end-to-end in autonomy!•	Top-tier faculty: amazingly passionate and competent people. At Le Wagon you are never alone and teachers and TAs always challenge you to exit your comfort zone and reach the solution on your own, always helping you though when you are having a tough time. This allows you to really become independent as a developer, and indeed – one moth from the bootcamp’s end - almost 100% of the classmates who were looking for a job are now working as developers! Teachers and TAs are extremely patient and what I loved is that they thoroughly explain the rationale behind every concept – so that it sticks in your mind! Never have I met an amazing environment of competent, talented, ambitious, yet friendly people as at Le Wagon – it’s the place to be!•	Incomparable global network: Le Wagon can boast a global network of alumni and faculty that is really something other bootcamps do not have. This is excellent, because I know I may probably find the co-founder for my startup in the Le Wagon network and that I can reach out (indeed I have done already) to teachers and TA if I need advice on coding projects I am working on, even after the bootcamp. I am infinitely grateful to Le Wagon. Le Wagon has been my springboard to acquire the precious technical skills I need to realize my startup’s app MVP and a strong developer mindset.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I started Le Wagon in Milan, I could have never imagined that in just 9 weeks, I could learn all the things needed to become a developer.The course was really challenging but in a very friendly environment. The structure of the course is tested and... Read More thought in a specific way to teach the students how to think, sketch and develop a working digital product.The best thing about the course is that after just 3 weeks after the end of Le Wagon I've started to work as a ruby on rails junior developer!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"Did you ever wonder what coding would be like? Did you ever have that one idea you wanted to build, but couldn’t? Did you ever get frustrated, because you noticed you lacked the skills to bring your idea from ideation to realization? Well hang on, because... Read More I did. Three weeks ago, I finished Le Wagon bootcamp batch #189 in Bali. I can honestly state that I’ve never learned so much in only 2 months. Let me first tell you about my motivation to learn coding and join Le Wagon. I studied Business Engineering at the KULeuven and finance at ESADE. During my studies I co-founded Quivr, a mobile application which allowed students to consult class schedules, library occupancies, student papers and student restaurant menus. Having a business background, I didn’t know how to code at the time. I was mostly occupied with the finance, marketing and sales of Quivr. Since our core product was a mobile application, strategic meetings would often steer towards technical topics. At times, it would frustrate me that I couldn’t get involved as much as I wanted in discussions about what feature to code next or when to launch the next business module. I always knew I wanted to build a startup, and preferably in technology. I started my career working at an international strategic consulting firm. I figured that working as a strategic consultant would give me the analytical, social and entrepreneurial skills necessary to start my own company. I certainly believe it did, but only to some extent. Partly due to my experience at Quivr, I increasingly felt that being able to code was a prerequisite, or at least an accelerator, in building a tech startup. Coding enables you to build your first idea yourself. Even if your idea is in a premature stage, you’re not dependent on developers to get it out there. As a result I quit my job and joined Le Wagon. It was one of the best decisions in my life, and here is why. Le Wagon teaches you exactly what you need as a beginnerI attempted coding before, but never really got far. Frankly, I didn’t know where to start. Since there are so many coding languages and methods, I felt increasingly lost and confused about what to learn first and why. As Le Wagon approaches its 200th batch, the organization knows exactly what their students are struggling with and what they should learn first. The bootcamp builds up to fullstack coding on Ruby on Rails. It’s a powerful framework that is very accessible for beginners without any prior coding skills.Le Wagon teachers are committed and want you to succeedBefore lectures, Le Wagon puts its highest emphasis on completing exercises and actual coding. During 80% of the day, students solve problems and code in pairs. Needless to say, without any coding background, students would often get stuck. At all times, teachers and teaching assistents would be there to help you out along the way. They know the struggles of a coder and are incredibly willing to help you overcome them. Throughout the bootcamp, I was amazed by their drive and willigness to help.Le Wagon teaches you to build a complete applicationDuring six weeks, Le Wagon teaches you all the programming languages, principles, and methods needed to build your own application. But the most important and challenging step is to leverage these skills in actually building your application. The last two weeks are dedicated to building your final project in a team. It teaches you to work in a team and take into account every aspect of building a complete application. Together with two other students, we built keetchen.co, a student delivery services with integrated life GPS and QR code scanning. It was definitely the most challenging, but fun part of the course. Le Wagon gives you the tools to keep learning by yourselfThe learning traject of a coder is all about running into problems, and subsequently solving them. At times this can be frustrating, but it’s part of the learning process. Teachers and teaching assistents at Le Wagon are there to help you out with the struggles of coding, but most importantly, they are there to show you how to solve it yourself. They don’t just give you the solution, but show you the way how to get there. Moreover, Le Wagon offers a great learning platform, Kitt, on which you can find the most relevant entry level coding principles. After Le Wagon, I felt encouraged to keep learning. Currently, I’m learning Javascript and React by myself.Le Wagon offers you a network and a whole lot of funThere are 30 different locations around the world where you could take the bootcamp of Le Wagon. I did Le Wagon in Bali. People would often ask me why. I mean, why not? Bali is a great location. You can surf in Bali, take Yoga classes or travel around the island. You get to know your fellow students while coding and having fun. I’m sure the other Le Wagon locations can offer a similar experience. It provides for a great network later in life. Moreover, when joining Le Wagon you are immediately added to the official alumni slack channel, giving you access to fellow Le Wagon coders, founders, employees, teachers, etc. The community provides great help for every coding and entrepreneurship related question.In other words, I can highly recommend Le Wagon as your first experience into coding. It will definitely give you everything you need to keep coding. It’s a great way to jumpstart your career as a developer or an entrepreneur. Consider it as an investment.Read Less",le-wagon
"Interactive designer for 22 years, I could experience and see evolve the tech environment through many angles. The trades related to tech industry are constantly changing, some disappear, others endure and segment themselves, which is why it is important... Read More to maintain a constant technological watch and to train as often as possible - lately I chose to follow the Bootcamp Le Wagon in Bordeaux because I had not to miss the techy Wagon train that goes straight to the future!This training, however intensive, and whatever its level of apprehension of the code, allows any motivated entrepreneurs to obtain a teaching rich in new ideas to develop its activity. And what's more satisfying than discovering the secrets of web development from a team of caring and passionate teachers.Matthieu Dubois - Designer UX-UI - Le Wagon Alumni Batch#191 - Bordeaux FranceRead Less",le-wagon
"I’d been in China about 10 years before joining Le Wagon working as an in-house investment banker for Chinese companies investing abroad before I decided to take a break to assess my prospects. During that year I invested in a startup, focused my learning... Read More on new areas and dabbled a little in coding with no meaningful purpose. I actually went to see a demo day, more out of curiosity than anything, was really impressed by the products presented, and my decision was made. I wanted to join Le Wagon. The course format is well suited to self-learners, mornings are lectures followed by a series of exercises that complement and extend the core curriculum. It’s tough, it’s long hours, it’s a lot of material but it’s definitely worth it. You learn so much and you really learn to push yourself to make and break things. It sets you up to continue learning about coding and to explore new technologies. There will be days where it’s just overwhelming but you are not alone. My batch was awesome we were 28 and we had so much fun, many of us formed close friendships. The whole Le Wagon crew, the teachers, the TAs and every guest speaker really contributed to making it a fantastic 9 weeks.As a testament to the power of the Le Wagon, our group submitted our final project to a pitching competition before we had written any code. In just 10 days we finalised the MVP, drafted a business plan and model and were able to pitch against much more established startups. We didn't win for a whisker and the confidence and encouragement we received was amazing. People we impressed and shocked of what we were able to achieve in just 10 days considering where we stood at the beginning of the camp.The week after the camp is a little difficult. The adjustment is tough, many of us are meeting and discussing and evaluating options and I think the staff and TAs feel the end of camp adjustment as much as the students. They are here with us providing amazing support and valuable advice. It's like a mini after camp!!If you are considering it, just do it. Don’t hesitate, you won’t regret it! It will change your outlook, understanding of web technology, coding and yourself.Read Less",le-wagon
"I just graduated from a Business School, and I am specialized in marketing digital &amp; web strategy. I quickly realized that I wanted to know how to code, to better understand the technical part and how developer works.I’m crazy about making things and... Read More having crazy ideas. Passionate about startups and innovation and I’m constantly looking for new things to do, new challenges to deal with. So it was pretty obvious for me to learn how to code.I’ve met a lot of alumnis of Le Wagon who were really satisfied about the bootcamp, so I decided to join Le Wagon Bordeaux on October 2018. (https://www.lewagon.com/bordeaux)It was one of my best experience. Learning all the web stack and the coding basics in only 9 weeks or 360 hours of code is just incredible and really challenging. At the very beginning it can be really intense, you are learning Ruby and coding basics but also the vocabulary, the methodology, the mindset. After a few days you feel more confident, you are understanding new concept and languages quickly (Software Engineering, Object-Oriented programming, Database &amp; SQL, Front-end, UI, HTML, CSS, Javascript, Rails… ).The most incredible was the team of Le Wagon Bordeaux, the motion and the atmosphere. All the teachers and the team were really cool, helpful and know how to explain in a simple and effective way. They always have a solution and take time to explain misunderstood concepts or new concepts you are interested in. All the alumnis of the batch 191 of Bordeaux were really welded together so we had an amazing experience all together. And the pedagogy is perfect to learn quickly with short lessons and a lot of practice.The final project is the best way to understand and see all the progress made in 9 weeks. With your team you are delivering a complete project / product in only 2 weeks. It was my favorite moment of the bootcamp, being able to code something you imagined from scratch is really rewarding.I definitely and highly recommend Le Wagon Bordeaux without any hesitation.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi! My name is Philipp. I studied product and concept-design in Germany which led me to score cool roles as a UX designer and a globe-trotting consultant in Agile frameworks including Scrum and Kanban. Nevertheless, I felt that I needed to understand... Read More coding so I could better communicate with developers in my team and sometimes I also wanted to turn my own web ideas and concepts into reality. That’s why I decided to quit my job and join Le Wagon in Bali, and unsurprisingly, the decision paid off right away with a new role as an Advisor for the company Blackboat in Berlin when I returned back home! The Bootcamp was efficient and precise: the Le Wagon teachers and learning platform give you exactly what you need to learn to build a complex web app in a 45 day bootcamp. Even though I worked in the tech industry, I was starting as a coding newbie. I progressed over each day through the daily topics, morning lectures, the vast number of exercises, and the daily group live code sessions supplemented by flash cards and video preparations in our own time. In the last 10 days of the bootcamp, the repeated success of Le Wagon was proven once again in project Remedium, a blockchain charity donation platform that I had the opportunity to build together with a few camp mates. You can see my presentation in Batch #128 Demo Day. And that’s not all! In fact, the chance to join a Bootcamp in Bali is rather unique because the experience of the island made our Bootcamp-journey more relaxing and enjoyable. I don't know any code camps where you code from a terrace with a view of the ocean which I also enjoyed surfing in. The adventures around the islands at the weekends with my new found friends made working together through the long coding days so much easier and not least, fun and memorable. I also did the math and i am convinced that a Bootcamp in Berlin or London would have cost me the same if you compare cost of living. To conclude, now that I’m back home and starting a new exciting career, I can put my hand on heart and say that Le Wagon has been a career-changing experience and probably one of the best I have had in my life. I’m really grateful for the incredible journey and the people i met there. Dirk and Audrey are incredible Hosts and you can feel that they put their hearts in this bootcamp. I cannot recommend more this experience to everyone - and if you have any questions, hit me up on LinkedIn. Cheers!Read Less",le-wagon
"I completed the 9 week Le Wagon bootcamp that started in June 2018 in Lisbon, Portugal.It totally surpassed my expectations - I learnt far more than I thought I would, I made awesome friends and the alumni community was stronger and more global than I... Read More expected (I live in Sydney now and meet up with Le Wagoners here and everyone is super helpful on the alumni Slack channels).I didn't do the course to change careers - I've been in finance for 10 years and I enjoy my job. I did the course because I wanted to create things and follow through on ideas. I love coding so much now that I am nonetheless contemplating a career change - either way it will be part of my life from here on.My advice - (1) Ruby and web-apps are probably the best place to start. I was considering a mobile-app centered bootcamp but I'm glad I did Le Wagon fullstack because it empowered me with a solid understanding of a range of coding skills and concepts so it's easy for me to learn new languages and platforms. (2) Speak to alumni and the drivers of the location you are considering - the culture in the Lisbon bootcamp was perfect for me and I chose to study there specifically (I was living in New York at the time). Having a really good batch with enthusiastic teachers helps you get through the program (which can be intense at times - you have to learn super fast).Read Less",le-wagon
"After a bachelor’s in economics and more than two years in business school, I felt like taking a different route. A faster one, that would accelerate my career. It’s been a long time since I wanted to learn to code and with my plan to run my own business,... Read More I believe knowing how to code is a key skill to have.As I didn’t have any coding background, I knew, to make this work I would have to be 100% focused. Besides being the most inspiring destination, once I was part of it, I found that Bali is made to live the Le Wagon experience. Super intense learning during the day and holiday feeling before and after class. With everything at your fingertips, healthy food, nature, beach, sports, bars, restaurants, party, yoga, spa… For me bootcamp-styled programs are perfect, fast-paced and tough, but at the same time, short enough to stay focused and pull through. And in the case of Le Wagon, after only 2 months you can get web developer jobs, create real web apps or, in my case, start a freelance career. I really think that’s crazy compared to the slow motion teaching I was used to from university and business school. Even so I don’t have the broad knowledge of a senior developer to fully judge this but also the curriculum of Le Wagon seems cutting edge to me. I feel like we learned exactly what’s needed to jump right into action after the bootcamp. No detours or unnecessary theory, it was always straight to the point. Introduction of a new topic during a morning lecture and then hands-on coding for the rest of the day. I only learn when I am coding it myself and can ask questions when I am stuck. Which leads me to the teachers and TAs. Thank you so much for your dedication and help. No question it too much even if I asked the same one several times and they really care that you are understanding everything. Guido, special thanks to you for staying late with me on several occasions to clarify some concepts. And thanks to the Bali team for making everything so smooth and even organizing extra activities on the weekends.I got to attend the bootcamp with one of my best friends which makes is extra special, but we had such a great group of people in general. All students in Bali come from all over the world making it a very interesting mix of cultures to learn from. And super fun to hang out with a big group of like-mined people after class and the weekends. To sum it up, the course has its price and is very intense but worth every penny, the Balinese environment is exactly what you need as a balance to long days of coding, and I am writing this review 4 months after graduating still in love with the experience and a couple of freelance projects under my belt. Enjoy, it’s going to be amazing!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have learned a lot ! I would recommend the course for anyone that wants to be an web developer, great community , huge network , without a doubt an intense experience ! If you (that are reading the reviews) wants to evolve your skill set as a programmer,... Read More don't waist a good opportunity and subscribe to Le Wagon =)Read Less",le-wagon
"Never have i ever thought I would be possibly to learn coding in such few time.I have struggled a lot with developers during my entrepreneur journey and I accepted that as something that I should be used to..So I went to a meetup and I got really interested... Read More in learning code and get authonomy to launch a business!! Wagon delivered everything they said! It was a hard way, lot of study, but now I can say I few comfortable as a full stack web developerRead Less",le-wagon
Amazing. Great environment and resources. I think it really change my life!,le-wagon
"I liked the teaching methodology of Le Wagon, the teaching dynamics in general was very good and enriching",le-wagon
A pessoa que eu era antes já não é a mesma após essas 9 semanas. E fico muito feliz de ter embarcado nessa jornada. Parabéns a todos pela rica experiência de vida que nos proporcionam! Fica realmente o sentimento de fazer parte de uma comunidade.,le-wagon
"Learning a huge skill, taught with extreme competence and with a modern methodology, in such a vivid environment with amazing people is indeed an amazing experience. Specially for me, who came from another city, the program was all-in-one, having an impact... Read More on many life areas, such as academic, professional, personal, social and technological. Le Wagon has an extreme potential to be a driving force in the tech world, is headed in the right direction, and will be even more amazing if it keeps listening and acting upon student feedback. Thanks for everything!Read Less",le-wagon
"The people of Le Wagon and the community that it's built around it. Even though Le Wagon has an amazing value for money, giving us knowledge and a skillset that'll be useful for a lifetime, the diversity between its members is what makes it unique. I... Read More would never imagine people with such a diverse background and origins come together for a same goal. What I love the most is the sense of camaraderie, where everyone has gone through the same struggles and are willing to help anytime.Read Less",le-wagon
"I can recommend blindly Le Wagon to everyone. The teaching method and intensive process make everything possible and, at the end of 9 weeks, it is amazing what we are capable to do! I'm so impressed with my evolution and so grateful to LW :)",le-wagon
"Learned a lot in such a short time, was something that I will always remember, at the end of the course it seemed that I had made another college due to the amount of content I learned.",le-wagon
I believe I’ll never see the world as I used to see before. I may consider Le Wagon as a great mark in my lifeline and separate it as being Before Wagon and After Wagon.,le-wagon
"My two months at Le Wagon passed in a blink of an eye. Putting aside the outstanding quality of the cursus, it was a great human experience. Meeting amazing people and being supervised by top notch professionals in a highly dynamic environment has made... Read More this experience unique. As an investment manager in a fund, it was also the opportunity to have a foothold in the entrepreneur ecosystem and better understand their everyday challenges.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a CEO of a new born companie in tech, i decided to attend the first batch of Le Wagon to improve my tech skills. 5 years later, it helps me to make better tech decisions on a daily basis, to understand and better work with the developer team. More... Read More than just teaching you how to write code, Le Wagon brings you the developer mindset you need to better understand the world today. Plus the community is super powerful. Life changer.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've wanted to learn coding for 3 or 4 years, so one day I finally decided to quit my job and go for it! I looked trough several bootcamps and Le Wagon got my attention for two main reasons: compared to other trainings it's connected to real business... Read More life and it's ""only"" 9 weeks (I wanted to switch careers rapidly). Now I can say it, it went beyond my expectations. Le Wagon gave me a very operational package (when you end it, you can actually build something functional) and in these ""only"" 9 weeks I've learnt a lot of tools and languages: Ruby and Rails, SQL, Javascript, SCSS, Github, etc.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a life changing experience.After writing a thesis on blockchain and having spent a few years managing Joomla sites, I felt very frustrated that I didn't know how to properly code and understand the nitty-gritty.That was the impetus behind... Read More me applying for the program, and I can only look back and thank myself for it.Indeed, it's hard to overstate the amount of valuable, ready-to-apply skills you will learn at Le Wagon. The e-learning platform is second to none and as a bonus is accessible for a lifetime, so learning really doesn't stop after the bootcamp ends. The Slack channel is bristling with life and has so many channels to choose from, be it the jobs one, the freelancers one or just to keep in touch with your newfound friends.Le Wagon wouldn't be what it is without the driver, teachers and TAs, as well as all the alumni that pop in on a daily basis. To those who wonder just how hard it is, I would strongly advise to do more than just the prep work, while of quality it can be a bit overwhelming to tackle it all at once in the few weeks before the bootcamp starts. Give yourself time, don't hesitate to postpone until the next batch, you'll thank yourself for it. As always, Prior Preparation Prevents Poor Performance.All in all, Le Wagon has been a life-changing experience for me and continuing to code afterwards will get you ready for a developer job as you will have the strong foundations needed.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having worked on the business side for numerous start-ups in Germany and overseas, I decided it was time to gain a deeper understanding of my tech counterparts. That's why I decided to join LeWagon in Milan to embark on my FullStack journey. I believe... Read More LeWagon and especially the team in Milan is a great institution. With just the right amount of guidance, the 9 week program will truly enable you to learn how to code from scratch.Having only had a very basic understanding of SQL, I started the prep courses this summer (LeWagon uses codeacademy as a prep) and was quite overwhelmed by the amount of content. Once we started the courses on the ground, however, the coaches did a recap of the contents and quickly alleviated any fears. Patience and good humor were an ideal recipe for 9 weeks of hard work. By the second week, I then started dreaming about arrays and curly brackets - that's how much LeWagon will consume your brain capacity. The last three weeks then perfectly tied all the learned content together. Firstly, by creating an AirBnB clone. Then for the last two weeks, we worked on our own project. This was certainly the most rewarding part of the entire bootcamp. Seeing how everything ties together and how we're able to create our own web application after only 7 weeks of training was amazing to see. Overall - great bootcamp. Can highly recommend! PS: Inquire about the size of the batch you're joining. My batch had a student teacher ratio of 3:1 which was super low and definitely pushed the learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having spent the last 17 years as a qualified management accountant I wanted to do something more creative and interesting towards the end of 2016. I had heard about how software development was experiencing a boom and there weren't enough applicants... Read More to fill vacancies. I tried Codecademy and loved it and decided to go to a bootcamp to immerse myself in the field. But there are lots of them out there: which one to choose? After doing a bit of research online Le Wagon was the one as it was regularly rated as one of the best, not just in the country but the world. After being accepted on the course I did the prep work and the course started in April. I didn't know what to expect and was a bit apprehensive but the staff members soon put me at ease. They really are a great support. Very knowledgeable and approachable I found they will go out of their way to help you. They make a huge difference to what I achieved. There were some great people in the class with me. A lot of them were in the same boat as me, never having coded before and we got along really well and I've made some friends for life. The course itself is very challenging and it needs complete dedication. But it is so rewarding. At first I wondered if I was going to be able to keep up but you get used to the pace. It soon started making sense. The best bit was doing a personal project in the last 2 weeks in a team. I was in a team of 3 people and thoroughly enjoyed creating an MVP from scratch. This was real world experience that was so valuable. It culminated with me giving a presentation at the Google campus (I've never given a presentation in-front of so people in my life) on our product and that was so much fun. The decision to switch to software development was quite easily one of the best in my life and I couldn't have chosen a better partner than Le Wagon to help me get started. Accounting is definitely in the rear view mirror!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working in the operations team of a tech startup when I decided to join Le Wagon in Milan (batch #181) and it turned out being of my best decisions.In my previous role, I was constantly surrounded by developers and somehow fascinated by what they... Read More were doing. I did not have any relevant coding experience or knowledge at that time (I graduated in Management Engineer) and little by little I started to feel limited because of that, while my curiosity was keeping on increasing day after day.Changing career path is never an easy decision but at Le Wagon I felt supported from the very beginning and most important, I felt part of its huge, international and talented community from day one.The energy and passion of the teachers are contagious, and their support and advise during the lectures and the final project invaluable. The course is intense, and you have to deal with a huge amount of information and new concepts every day, but the lectures and exercises are well structured and tailored so that you don't feel lost or overwhelmed. And in case this happens, you have access to all the resources and help you might need to go back on track. You won't remain behind! I am fully satisfied with my journey at Le Wagon, and I now feel confident to start a new chapter of my life as a developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"During the summer of my first and second year as a business student, I decided to join batch 163 in Bali.My bar was set very high but what I learned in terms of technical skills but also about myself out-passed all my expectations. I wanted to acquire... Read More a technical background in addition to my business studies. Le Wagon gave me this opportunity and I’ve been truly impressed by the quality of the teachers and the lessons. Today, I feel confident enough to work as a developer in a tech company but moreover, I keep learning about tech and coding because I know my basics, I have an idea of the big scheme of things and I know where to look for information and how to process it. That’s what Le Wagon taught me during those 2 months.I’ve been welcomed by an amazing team of people dedicated to provide a unique experience to the students. I feel empowered today by the fact that I’m backed by a whole community of people willing to help each other but also because I know that my error messages won’t remain unsolved for too long thank to the teacher and TAs still helping me out when I need it.All in all, although I’m always skeptical when I read that kind of statement, my experience at Le Wagon has definitely been a life-changing experience. My range of opportunities has significantly widened and I couldn’t recommend it enough to someone aiming to do so.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to sign up for Le Wagon after spending a little less than 2 years in a chemical analysis lab. As it turned out, it was not the career path for me, despite devoting 4+ years in the study of life sciences. I needed to do something that challenged... Read More me more, that allowed me to think through a problem logically and creatively. Knowing many people in the field of software development, I felt that this was my future. My friend recommended Le Wagon, as it was a highly praised bootcamp and it allowed me to go study abroad a bit, which I love doing. So I set off to Amsterdam, with a limited knowledge of HTML, CSS, and Javascript. 	After the 9 weeks there, I can do nothing but compliment the whole experience. From day one I saw how beautifully diverse our classroom was, not only in culture but in knowledge of the field. Some had already worked as developers, and others were completely new to coding altogether. It was clear from the first lesson that our teachers were not just there for a paycheck, but legitimately cared that you understood the topics, as many of them have gone through the same experience. The focus of Le Wagon, I felt, was not to just teach you how to code, but how to think like a coder. Answers were never given to you (despite the occasional pleading). Instead a teacher would sit down with you and you would both brainstorm together, as it often is in a real-life setting. You learn to be open with your confusions and questions, and to ask around and discuss with teachers and classmates. This is something many classrooms wish to have, but I have never seen it done as successfully as at Le Wagon. The days are long, and the challenges are challenging, and as a result you really get to know your classmates and teachers. I’ve made very close friends in this bootcamp, and I still stay in touch with them, despite living on the other side of the globe.	During those nine weeks can confidently say I know Ruby on Rails, and have built several applications using the skills I learned in this course. I can also tell you that I had a great many stories and adventures that will stay with me forever. Doing the course did feel like that first step I needed towards my new life and career. I will deeply miss Le Wagon, and recommend it to anyone who’s looking for that first step towards their future.Read Less",le-wagon
"After a few years as a venture capital investor, Le Wagon was for me the opportunity to understand more precisely the underlying tech aspects of the startups I am investing in. After this 2 months experience, I can say that it has fulfilled all its promises.... Read More The great variety of participants and the impactful teachings of the staff was key to this successRead Less",le-wagon
"I am an undergraduate Computer Engineering student from Turkey. Since I started my degree, coding wasn’t something interesting for me. I was learning too slowly at university and I didn't have enough skills to put my ideas into action. I needed a better... Read More way to learn. After searching for something different I found Le Wagon. At first, I was a bit reluctant to take the course because I didn't think that I was able to learn that much thing in such a short amount of time like 9 weeks. Then I decided to give myself a chance and I can say that it was one of my best decision. I recently completed Le Wagon's batch 168 in Montreal and I enjoyed every second of my experience.Le Wagon doesn’t give you only coding skills. It offers you the motivation to learn coding from the beginning in 9 weeks. What is more important of what languages the bootcamp teaches is, the camp gives you the resources, the structure, the capability of problem-solving. The camp also encourages you to network with as many people as you can. I met great people coming from different corners of the world and with very different backgrounds. All of my classmates were highly motivated and focused on a common goal of learning to code.The camp teaches you about the code in a very easy and effective way. You have enough time to practice what you learn. You are surrounded by amazing teachers. They were always very friendly and helpful from the first to the last day. I am proud of what we built in the last 10 days of the bootcamp. We put it all together with my small group, to build a web app from an idea. Le Wagon also increased my efficiency and productivity when working in a group.After nine weeks I finished the boot camp with the energy, ideas, relationships, a great network, and skills to take my ideas to the next level. I am recommending Le Wagon without hesitation. Huge thanks to all the amazing teachers and friends who taught me so much!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining le Wagon, I was working full time at a Bank and completing a bachelor degree in Software Engineering. Although I already had coding experience, I learned a lot of new valuable skills and explored new material during these nine rewarding... Read More weeks at Le Wagon. The teachers are very knowledgeable and helpful and take time to ensure you understand the material that is being covered. The curriculum is well designed to teach you everything you need to be a full stack developer. The platform that Le Wagon students use every day is impressive and provides you with a wide range of resources and material that can also be very useful after the Bootcamp. I was even able to prepare for parts of my technical interviews by reviewing these resources made available by Le Wagon's platform.The final project, which is completed during the last two weeks, gives you the opportunity to experience what it's like to bring a product to life from conception to final deployment. The product design sprint was a great learning experience as it equips you with the tools needed to tackle real-life entrepreneurial challenges. Following the completion of le Wagon Bootcamp, I was able to land a web development position at a great and reputable software company in Montreal. I am grateful for the valuable knowledge and experience that this program provided me and would encourage anyone who wants to change to a career in tech to join this excellent program.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was one of the best experiences I’ve ever had. I had graduated university in May 2018 with a business degree, but had already started teaching myself coding. I knew in order to get hired I had to get a little more formal training. My research... Read More brought me to Le Wagon, it was the most reasonably priced, highest rated, and wasn’t too long. I decided on Le Wagon, Montreal, seeing as I could speak French and had never really been to that part of Canada. The program itself is very intense. Do not think that this will be an easy certification, it isn’t. By the end you will have suffered countless headaches, lost hope, found it again, stress-ate, stress-napped, but in the end it is so worth it. You get what you put into it, so if you really prepare, pay attention and work on challenges all day and at home, you will succeed and have easily enough skills to find work afterwards. You can just as easily check-out and sleep for most of the days, while the teachers are there to help you achieve, they aren’t your parents.I came into the program with a little coding knowledge but not much so I struggled the first couple weeks to catch up. The teachers are your best weapon but really try to figure stuff out on your own, often times your mistake is really small or you haven’t read the instructions to the challenge thoroughly (Also stay on their good side, you’ll be abusing them during project week). I never would have thought that in a short time I would be demoing a product I had built but Le Wagon makes you feel prepared.What makes this boot-camp worth it comparatively is the confidence that it gives you. I can say from experience that I have been offered jobs just because I am not afraid to look up an answer and teach myself, an invaluable skill this program forces on you. Also, the project and Airbnb clone are no joke, they are serious things that will set your resume apart from other applicants.Read Less",le-wagon
"I really cannot recommend Le Wagon enough. It was a fantastic learning experience, and the curriculum is very well-balanced. I have been applying to jobs since completing Le Wagon, and lots of the roles I have looked at require experience in the topics... Read More we covered at Le Wagon, which is great. It feels like Le Wagon looked at the kinds of jobs that alumni might apply to and ensured that they covered those complementary skills. I think Le Wagon’s system of exercises and tests is incredibly productive, and really encourages students to think like developers. We learn to not be afraid of the terminal, and how to conduct intelligent Google searches so we can think creatively and solve our problems independently. We also learn how to persist in the face of difficulty and repeated failures, which make the reward of solving a problem even greater. Learning aside, being at Le Wagon is also insanely fun. I often found myself spending 12-hour days at Le Wagon, and not resenting it in the slightest. The staff are all so friendly and welcoming, and because almost all of them are Le Wagon alumni themselves, they understand perfectly the struggles students go through. They are incredibly kind and supportive, and make sure that we learn the importance of taking breaks and also looking after ourselves mentally and physically over the course of the bootcamp. Friday nights are always fun, and it is a very bonding experience. Some of the people I met at Le Wagon will be friends for life, students and teachers alike. It is intense, and crazy, and the best investment I have made in a very long time.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m an entrepreneur and a mother of 2 young kids. My friends consider me to be somewhat of a geek, i.e., I love all things tech, which is not very trendy among the women of my generation (although, I’m the least geek of geeks). It’s funny how being an... Read More entrepreneur and being a parent have one important thing in common that radically changes one’s life: You are out of control, and you find yourself out of your comfort zone constantly. Le Wagon radically changed my life in 2 different ways. The first one is that I co-launch the bootcamp in Montreal with my brother Antoine. It was a huge step in entrepreneurship, but I was so excited and honored to bring the world's highest-rated bootcamp to my city. Driven by my passion about the product and its community, we took our place in the lively Montreal tech ecosystem, built a great team, and, so far, have offered this amazing life-changing experience to over 120 students.The second way it changed my life is that I took the full-stack program myself and fulfilled a long-standing ambition: learn to code. I spent 2 incredible months studying at a very fast pace in a stimulating and very (very) challenging environment (as my background was not technical at all). But thanks to some key ingredients this experience was one of the best of my life. Here they are:**CURRICULUM**: The curriculum is excellent and the pedagogy is focused on practicality -&gt; at the end of each day we master key concepts and are ready to grab new ones the next day.**ONLINE PLATFORM**: The pedagogical platform is a really powerful tool -&gt; it gives 24-hour lifetime access to all the lectures, challenge material, and more. A great asset that we could rely on during and after bootcamp.**GREAT PEOPLE**: The passionate teachers who were 100% dedicated to us and supported us through our learning experience, and the great people around me that made for the perfect learning environment. **DETERMINATION &amp; TRUST**: And last, but not least, my determination and the absolute trust I had in my capacity to succeed (it’s hard but I can do it) and the trust in the program &amp; the team (they are the best and they know where we’re heading too).My only regret is not having done it earlier.Read Less",le-wagon
"Signing up for LeWagon was hands down the best decision I’ve made. Having no prior coding experience I was a bit concerned that I wouldn't be able to keep up with the intensity of the course. It wasn’t the case at all, it was perfect for the beginners... Read More and there were teachers available to answer any questions and help with challenges all day every day. Some of them wouldn’t leave you until they made sure you understand the topic and would patiently explain it to you over and over again. I was also skeptical whether it’s even possible to learn to code in 9 weeks, and I can tell you now that if you put in effort, show up and do the work, you will learn very quickly. After finishing the bootcamp I got a job almost right away and that’s the best proof of how awesome LeWagon isRead Less",le-wagon
"Graduated from a business school and after specializing myself in asset management during a few years in the most largest banks, I decided to learn code for several reasons.I saw that the industry of finance and the job market were radically changing... Read More and I wanted to be an actor of this paradigm shift. I also wanted to acquire concrete skills that will allow me to directly work in smaller and disruptive companies.Le Wagon brought more than I expected: coding &amp; design skills, start up culture, a network and last but not least it improved my way of learning.Today I am now working as a product manager for a start up that builds a platform where companies can automate and design conversations with their customers through AI.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before doing Le Wagon's program in Montreal, I had spent half a dozen years owning a yoga and massage studio in Boston, and had always thought ""If I could just spend a year in a cave with no distractions, I know I could build better software than the... Read More stuff we've had to use."" Ultimately, once I decided to take the plunge, I chose Le Wagon's program because I thought it'd be great to be able to go pretty much anywhere in the world and have an instant community around me. And, sure enough, even as I type this, I'm sitting at a sun-lit desk in Le Wagon's Berlin campus, enjoying some free co-working space and coffee while students from at least three continents work on coding challenges a few feet away, embracing their inner dreamer and releasing their inner nerd.The program itself is brilliantly constructed. You begin the day with a lecture (which is also available on video even after you've graduated), and then spend the rest of the day doing coding challenges to lock in and expand upon what you've just learned. You're intentionally taught just enough to get to the edge of the solution, forcing you to learn how to research and think like a developer. Over the course of the program, you'll actually start to catch yourself facing challenges differently, with more of a sense of ""I don't know how to do that . . . yet. I guess I'll find out."" And at this point, I can honestly say that I *do* now know how to build better software than the industry standard in my previous business, and I'm really looking forward to doing just that.In addition to the program itself, I think the platforms for alumni are really impressive. You'll have life-time access to the course materials online, and new tutorials and helpful resources get added all the time. The almost four thousand alumni also have access to multiple message groups on Slack, making it really easy to say ""I'm going to be in Shanghai next month. Does anybody want to grab a beer?"" In some cities, like Berlin, there is free space set aside for alumni to use as a co-working environment -- even if the alumni did the program in other cities. And alumni often get invited to serve as teaching assistants, and eventually teachers, in multiple cities. One of my favorite classmates from Montreal is a TA there right now, and one of my favorite TAs from Montreal is right here in Berlin with me right now, teaching Ruby.Make no mistake. The program is challenging. You will absolutely learn new curses while you learn new programming languages. But you will come out of it with a profound sense of accomplishment and, more importantly, possibility.Just do it.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating in business three years ago, I started working as a project manager on innovative services and digital products for large companies. Working every day with designers and developers I realized that I lacked some technical knowledge, I... Read More felt like I was always asking dumb questions, or not understanding how much work was needed to build something.I decided to go to Le Wagon to improve my technical skills…it was the best decision ever!Le Wagon is an incredible experience. You learn so much in 9 weeks and meet amazing people.What I liked the most was the classes' practical approach and exercises.Every morning you learn new things that you apply in the afternoon to solve problems, even on the first day.The lead teachers are always available, and you still can get help from the teaching assistants who are there every day.The level is regularly increasing, you start with easy concepts then to building and launching a web app in the last weeks.There is also an excellent mindset between all students, really friendly, we all helped each other a lot.Almost every day we would have lunch together, and Friday dinner every week.The alumni community is active as well, probably the best Slack on earth!Le Wagon doesn’t make you a computer science engineer, but it definitively gives you the keys to keep learning and start a new career as a developer.It is a robust and intensive nine-week bootcamp. You feel tired at the end of the day to the extent that your brain hurts, but the learning experience is so great. It is like you grow a new coding brain in 9 weeks.I would do it again!Read Less",le-wagon
"I am very thankful for my time at Le Wagon, and for the opportunities it has opened up for me. Whether you want to become a junior developper or as an entrepreneur launch your own project, or work as a freelance : Le Wagon team does everything they can... Read More to help get you achieve your goals Teachers and lovely staff strive to create and maintain a unique environment where students can learn new technologies with the best practices and hone their programming skills in the best conditions The courses are intense; be prepared to work hard. I learned a lot, very quickly and pair programming was a blast.The best part about going to Le Wagon is the amazing group of students and the robust alumni community that you get to be part of, it’s the perfect place to meet brilliant people After the Bootcamp you’re still connected to everyone through Slack.I Would highly highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone wanting a career in tech, or anyone who want to build and launch new products with a lean startup mindset. If you are still indecisive : JUST DO IT.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 5 years of business school I graduated with a specialization in luxury marketing. My internships led me to work in project and digital project management. after a while, I felt that something was missing. I needed to DO something, not just supervise... Read More or manage. I wanted to see the result of my work at the end of the day, for the best and the worst.This 9 weeks at Le Wagon went so fast. It’s hard to realize how much knowledge you can assimilate in such a small amount of time. Every small victories leading to a urge to learn more. Also I think all the magic doesn’t come only from the learning thirst. Humanly speaking, it’s a blast of fresh air, It’s really amazing to be with all that people with different background, age, and share the same objectives.I like to drive projects from their beginning to their very end and used to consider my missions through a business and a marketing vision, Le Wagon gave me the technical view I needed. I quickly had opportunities and had to decide if I’d rather work as a Product manager or as a Developper.Today, I’m a working as Front-End Developper.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 7 years working for companies that required more and more technical knowledge, I decided at the end of 2017 that it was time to go a step further and put my hands in the code. Based on very good recommandations, I chose to follow Le Wagon coding... Read More bootcamp from January to March 2018.6 months later I am still very impressed and mesmerized by the high quality of the program and how much I learnt in such a short period of time.I was very concerned when I started the bootcamp to have too much gaps to fill in, having no technical background at all but that’s where the magic happened : the program has been so smartly built that at the end of the 9 weeks I was able to design, code and ship a product built from scratch.You can tell that every single detail has been well thought to make sure that everyone can succeed, learn and take as much as they can of these 9 weeks: the buddy system, the exercises, the flashcards, the yoga classes... and obviously the teachers who are so dedicated, kind and passionate about what they do. They have been the greatest support during all these weeks (without mentionning the great team working hard everyday to make your 9 weeks so amazing)I haven’t had such an exciting, intense and fulfilling experience in a long time. And I know that I joined more than a bootcamp, I am now part of a big family.I am now in the process of being a product manager in a tech company and without the technical skills that I acquired at Le Wagon, this wouldn’t have been possible.Read Less",le-wagon
"After working almost 10 years in a Hotel, I realised it was no longer for me. I was tired of working 10 to 14 hours per day, I barely had any time to enjoy my personal life and was mentally and physically exhausted. So, I had to make a decision and look... Read More for something different. After doing a bit of solo traveling, I realised what I really wanted in life, and that was to be free to travel wherever, work whenever and for whoever I want. After quite a lot of research, I found that Freelance Web Developer was the way to go as it combines my passion for traveling and new technologies. Looking deeper at what was needed to become a freelance developer, I thought to myself that this would take too much time to learn all by myself and would soon hit a brick wall so I then searched for coding bootcamps. It was then that I found Le Wagon, one of the best coding bootcamps in the world. At first, after reading all the reviews, it seemed too good to be true. But after talking and meeting with the founder in person in December 2017, and also seeing the location of Le Wagon Bali, I just had to take advantage of this opportunity and apply for the course. As of June 15th, 2018, I finally quit my job and flew off to Bali for two months to take part in what would be the best experience ever. Le Wagon Bali has given me all the basic tools needed for getting started as a full-stack web developer and more. For those interested in taking the same path, I highly recommend Le Wagon, Bali. The staff were outstanding, patient and were always available to help. This bootcamp has taught me Ruby, SQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, Rails, and many others. Due to the intensiveness of this course, it was pretty overwhelming at the beginning and almost felt like giving up but thankfully, with the help of teachers and other students, I didn’t feel alone in the struggle and was able to get through it and felt more confident about what I had learnt. The final weeks were the most interesting as this is where you get to see how much you’ve learnt, which by the way is an amazing feeling, by designing, implementing and shipping to production a clone of AirBnB and a Rails prototype of a project that you either pitch or join. What am I doing now? Well, I’m improving my skills by taking courses on Codecademy, reading books and creating my own projects.Read Less",le-wagon
"An amazing 2 months at Le Wagon Montréal to meet inspiring people, discover a new land of possibilities with experimented teachers and all in all, discover my potential in coding",le-wagon
"I have an engineering degree and worked for 2 years as an aerospace engineer before attending Le Wagon bootcamp in Paris. As my interest for tech startups was growing, I wanted to know how the tools I used on a daily basis were made. I heard of Le Wagon... Read More through friends, podcasts, and professional relationships. I started to think about it seriously and attended meetups they were hosting, watched workshops and tutorials on Youtube. Those videos convinced me of their pedagogy and made me apply. My experience at Le Wagon was a real life-changing experience. I'm now able to build a whole product from scratch, and most of all I met amazing people. The teachers are really professional, the program is progressive and covers all ranges of web development, and the platform on which you submit your daily exercise makes all the difference. The 9-weeks format is ideal to stay focus from the beginning to the end and make the best of it.I'm currently working as a Product Manager and use my learnings on a daily basis. It helps me to understand and to be able to talk with developers and come up with better specifications. If I were to do it again, I would not hesitate a second!Read Less",le-wagon
"Attending Le Wagon is the best choice I’ve made to complete my academic training. I was a senior student at a Business School and I wanted to build my own startup, that’s why I did Le Wagon. I learned the basics of web development which in my opinion... Read More is fundamental to communicate with developers. But there is so much more. They gave me a product culture. I learned to focus on the user: designing great products and eliminating user friction. Today I work with a data engineer and I think our visions are very complementary. I hope we will become a winning team!Read Less",le-wagon
"Even before I finished my business degree, I knew I wanted to reorient myself. I had two professional experiences where after a few months I got bored and lost interest because I wasn’t learning anything new any more. My friends, who did Le Wagon, advised... Read More me to try the bootcamp. And what a good advice!At school, I always had trouble staying focused during classes because the format was almost exclusively about listening. On the other hand, Le Wagon’s learning-by-doing pedagogy suited me perfectly! Every day started with a lesson of about an hour and a half where a teacher would present new concepts to the class. The rest of the day was then spent practicing on exercices with a « buddy » and the help of « teaching assistants », always ready to answer your questions about the exercises, talk about their experience or give advice for after the bootcamp…When starting the bootcamp, I had no precise idea of what I wanted to do after Le Wagon. I thought I might try to find a job as a Product Owner to keep using what I had learnt during my business studies. But I developed a passion for debugging and I didn’t see myself stopping to code after the bootcamp. I am currently working as a teaching assistant at Le Wagon and will soon be starting an internship as a fullstack developer in a start-up founded by a team of Le Wagon alumni.In short : don’t hesitate ! These 9 weeks spent learning to code were some of the most exciting and rewarding weeks of my life !Read Less",le-wagon
"After 7 years as VP Sales in a startup, it was time for me to have fun with code. I was clearly determined to become a web developer. At start, I tried hard to learn by myself with online courses, but It was really hard to link all these elements. I was... Read More able to create simple algorithms, but how to store it ? how to create a simple interface for web users ? how to share an URL to target my users ? At start, Internet is a mess !... My luck was, a good CTO friend told me he just hired a young ‘graduated’ developer from Le Wagon and it was a good surprise for him and for his team. That was such an argument so after passing tests, I started to learn how to code with Le Wagon during the winter 2018. I really loved this experience working with other students with the same will to succeed in coding. Program and teachers are well-honed and after 9 weeks I was the first surprised by all the things I was able to accomplish. After Le Wagon I practiced as a freelancer for small projects and since septembre 2018, I’m now CTO in a young company and I am having a lot of fun coding every day..Read Less",le-wagon
"Summer 2017While finishing my Finance degree at Imperial College London, I came across a short tutorial video posted on LinkedIn by Le Wagon. I had never heard of this “coding bootcamp” before, but these few introductory minutes were sufficient for me... Read More to realize that I wanted to be part of the 9-week adventure this coding school was offering. And this is precisely what I did. From learning back-end to front-end, from working on my own to collaborating with my team members, from brainstorming on to pitching a product, Le Wagon offered me all the tools I needed to be able to thrive in the tech industry. The format of the program is very well-thought. The first weeks are spent learning the basics, the following ones are for knowledge enhancement, and the last 3 weeks are aimed at putting everything together and presenting the output of these intensive sessions. All this was done in a very relaxed atmosphere, where teachers are not only friendly but also very competent at what they teach, always making sure that you understand the concepts. On top of that, the incredible opportunity to join a community of over 3,000 alumni, spread across more than 25 countries, was also very appealing to me. Over a year has passed since my last day, but this has not prevented me from keeping in touch with many of the people I met there, either to ask coding questions or just to grab a coffee.All in all, Le Wagon gave me everything my previous degrees did not, namely, the opportunity to learn how to code, build and develop a project from scratch in a friendly environment, making coding a lovable art and not a painful experience like it was at school. I now work in the banking industry where I am able to use many tools I learnt during the bootcamp, enabling me to automate many tasks I perform on a daily basis.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was reading a lot of good things but when the program started I was simply amazed. I did not expect such an ideal organization of the learning process. The platform we used during the bootcamp is really great and helps you to focus and find all the... Read More information in one place.The educational process is a perfect balance of lectures and practical assignments as well as individual and group work. Which means the lectures are kept short, about 1,5 hours in the morning, which leaves the rest of the day for hands-on exercises. Also, you work in a buddy-system and collaborate with your classmates a lot, most of the time you are solving the challenges individually and that’s where the learning is happening. Of course, always under the guidance and with the help of cool and talented teachers who are there for you whenever you need them.The last 3 weeks of the course we worked in teams building a working prototype and definitely gathered all the necessary skills to work independently in the future. Simply impossible to obtain this kind of knowledge studying by yourself online.My new professional life started from the first day of the bootcamp and now with the necessary tools, I can continue by myself. At the time writing this it’s been 2 months since I graduated and I’m still learning every day. I work on my own projects and also became a co-founder of a small web-company.The bootcamp not only teaches development skills but also boosts your entrepreneurship. It was really challenging but above all encouraging and rewarding.And two words about Bali – it’s a magical island and my new Love. I hope to return soon and not only once.Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon’s patient teachers show you how to think about programming and pass on the necessary skills to code a sleek, modern, and dynamic website. After a daily lesson explaining basic programming concepts, you work with other students on exercises that... Read More slowly stretch the breath of your understanding. Every day, ideas that initially seemed fuzzy and abstract become focused and concrete. By the end of the course, things that seemed impossibly complex at the beginning become rudimentary, and you are all the more curious to keep on learning.I highly recommend this course to anyone willing to work hard and be challenged constantly.Read Less",le-wagon
"""It's hard"" - that's the first thing both staff and alum of Le Wagon's program told me when I asked, ""Should I do this?"" But the second thing they all said was ""it's an amazing experience."" And I found that was 100% true. To be clear, nobody can just... Read More plug your brain into a vat of coding knowledge and fill 'er up. The output matches your input. That being said, Le Wagon is so manageable, thorough and well-designed, that if you give it your undivided attention it's almost guaranteed you'll walk away with the solid coding foundation you came for. I came to Le Wagon after 4 years in administration. I wanted to build things, and I'd already learned a little HTML and CSS but suspected I needed more help to go further (which proved to be VERY true). It really delivered - anyone can learn to code. The environment, teaching assistants, and really wonderful resources make it easy to not only learn every day, but go back and reference it later. By the end of the program you realize that this whole career path is about learning - like forever. By learning HOW to learn coding at Le Wagon, I feel like I've set myself up properly to keep heading this direction.As of now I have a trainee-level position in software engineering , and once again I need to learn a lot more in order to progress. I find myself daily going back to the tools, slides, downloads, and projects I got at Le Wagon to refresh my memory and guide me forward. This is invaluable. And when I'm stuck on something, I can still reach out to Le Wagon folk (both students and staff) for support.Read Less",le-wagon
"It is commonly believed that Redbull gives you wings. Well then, in that case, let's say that Le Wagon teaches you how to fly. I studied Economics at university. During that time, I had a Computer Science class, where I could touch some Python in a very... Read More informal way. Once graduated, I started working for a large consulting company, in the field of data management and artificial intelligence. Still with my very limited knowledge of Python to create some messy web scraping script during my leisure time, which did not even worked properly. After one year, I decided that this was enough. I needed a proper education and some real skills like some of my most technical colleagues. Having heard from Le Wagon by a few friends that participated in that bootcamp, it took my 2 weeks to decide to put my professional on hold and to sign up to temporarily move to Berlin to follow this bootcamp. Looking back at this rapid decision, I do consider this was the best I made in my life so far. Because Le Wagon is not just a simple coding bootcamp, where you attend class during the whole day and learn one language and that's it. Joining Le Wagon is like joining a family. Right on the first day, you feel like become part of this community where everyone share the common goal of learning as much as possible, and tackle every challenge that come to your mind. First, by joining Le Wagon, you get suddenly access, through their own platform, to an amount of knowledge that can get you resolve basically any coding task. On top of this knowledge, developed by highly skilled people whom it is not surprising to see them one day in the offices to give you a real class, you are offered during the 9 weeks of the bootcamp a team of knowledgeable teachers and teaching assistants, that will assist you for any question you might have or any complex issue you may face. I attended the bootcamp with 37 other people, most of them I am still in contact with, although I came back home in my country. We are still discussing about different coding topics, and working remotely on projects via the platform, like we were doing during the bootcamp. Le Wagon gives you all the tool you need, and also very importantly teaches you a way of working properly, in order to tackle any challenge or new coding language you might want to focus yourself once the formidable adventure is over. And I mean formidable adventure on site, because event after the bootcamp, the adventure continues remotly throughout the community you are forever part of. To sum up, if you have even the slightest interest to get a proper and fast coding education, don't hesitate further and make the jump, Le Wagon is there for you to teach you how to fly. In only nine weeks. Wouaw.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating in 2013 from an audiovisual school, I worked on film sets and in radio as a sound-engineer. For a few years, it had been difficult to find a job, I then decided to change career. Coming from a technical background, and always eager to... Read More learn new things, I turned to coding. A friend of mine had told me about Le Wagon, highlighting the rapidity with which the program trains you to a new job. The bootcamp had an immediate impact on me, not only because of the rich and intense curriculum, the quality of the innovative teaching methods, the people you meet and the community you join. Le Wagon was one of the best experiences of my life. They met the crazy challenge to demystify coding and to turn people who never wrote a line of code into developers. I finished Le Wagon on a Friday and the following week, I found my first freelance job in web development for 2 months at Schoolab. I then got a full-time offer as a fullstack developer at Scalia, a tech startup launched by 2 Le Wagon alumni, incubated at StationF in Paris.6 months ago, I would never have imagined going this far in such a short amount of time !Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been a full-time musician and music producer for the past 7 years, and had always dreamed about learning how to code. A few months after discovering and attending Le Wagon, I am now developing projects as a freelance junior developer, and just... Read More started my own as en entrepreneur.What happened in between was a 2-month journey of passionate discovery and study of code and web design, along with 42 (no pun intended) other very motivated students. Every passing day brought its lot of new encounters, A-HA moments, and fresh beers at the end.What I particularly loved during my coding journey was the fact that no one got left behind at any point : teachers, teaching assistants, and most of all other students are here to ensure that everyone stays on track with everything. Le Wagon is, above all, a human experience like no other.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am a business graduate and worked as a finance professional before entering Le Wagon. Tech-related work always interested me and I tried to pick up bits and pieces about coding, but never really had the perseverance and wholistic knowledge resources... Read More to really get started in tech. Building a website requires knowledge about so many programming languages, frameworks, and concepts that I was never really able to bring all the pieces together.A friend of me told me about Le Wagon and the learning style seemed to be perfect for me. Le Wagon has an intranet with resources that help during and after the bootcamp. The bootcamp is built around this intranet and I learned how to solve technical issues with and without help from instructors.After the bootcamp, I was able to build complete websites with all sorts of functionality, design features, and user interactivity. As I started a data science degree program after the bootcamp, I benefited from the software development skills that the bootcamp provides to students. Now, I am not only confident in web development, but I can also transfer these skills to other software development-related fields.Our ""batch"" (that is the bunch of people that did the bootcamp with me at the same time in Berlin) was international to more than 50% and we spoke English 99% of the time. Everyone had a different background and almost everyone had a big career change coming up. After the bootcamp, I stayed in touch with many fellow students and we help each other looking for jobs and finding tech talent.I can recommend this bootcamp to anyone who wants to learn web development in a very short time.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've always wanted to become an entrepreneur. After my business school, I decided to learn how to code in order to be able to develop the first version of a website, in order to convince a business partner and to save money on the Minimum Valuable Product... Read More conception which is often costly whearas you don't know if the idea is valuable.Le Wagon bootcamp was recommanded to me by a friend. It was the best 2 months of my life. First because it was the first time I was happy to go to school. It's a very unique experience to learn how to develop complex websites in two months with an incredible pedagogy. Secondly because I met some amazing people including... The business partner I was looking for.I would without a doubt recommand le Wagon which was a very good investment for me !Read Less",le-wagon
"I already had some skills in coding websites, I had already been a front-end developer at the beginning of my career, before moving to other paths. When I decided to go back to programming, I needed a serious update and I didn’t know where to start.I... Read More finally chose to attend a bootcamp, as it was the most efficient way to be back on track. I picked Le Wagon after a very long benchmark, I checked that the program matched the expectations of a moving tech market, and I found their stack was clever, mixing powerful technologies with up-to-date best practices. I was not disappointed.Their style is quite unique, they teach to code but they also teach to focus on the product. A website is an intricate complexity of technologies, user experience and design. There, you learn to deliver ambitious project that people can really use.I am a freelance developer now, and happy to be so.Read Less",le-wagon
"At the end of my studies, I tried to start my first start-up but I quickly noticed that understanding tech &amp; code would be extremely useful.In order to be autonomous for my future projects, I knew I needed to learn how to code, so I decided to join Le... Read More Wagon in Paris for a summer bootcamp.During 2 months and supported by an amazing team, I acquired enough skills to build all my projects and, most importantly, I met many amazing people!Le wagon is more than just a coding bootcamp, it’s also a great network!I am currently a freelance full stack developper for at least several months, I also continue building startups, and to be honest I feel completely independent now.For me, The Wagon has been a lifetime experience and I strongly recommend you to join! Take a look at the demodays on their website to see what you can build in just 2 months.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always wanted to become an entrepreneur but didn’t know how to get started. After working 5 years in marketing and in HR, I knew it was the time for me to try out new things. Quitting the corporate race was the first move. But what do you do after that?... Read MoreThe world of startups is very different from the classic corporate world. In a big company, you are a small piece of a huge machine. In a small company, you have to learn to think different and to be able to do a lot of things at the same time, especially if it’s your own venture. Today, even in non-tech companies, it is very important to understand how the latest technologies work because your customers probably spend as much time as you do in front of their computers and smartphones.I decided to board on the 9-week bootcamp of Le Wagon to get the set of skills that would help me build my MVP. On the first weeks, we learn the object-oriented programming language Ruby. For those who have never coded before, Ruby is a very intuitive back-end language. Once you master Ruby, you can basically learn any other programming language because it would work in a similar way. Then, we learn about databases, front-end programming, and integration in the framework Rails. On the last weeks of the bootcamp, we team up in groups (like in real development teams) and build a web app.Le Wagon has a very pedagogical approach: they know that you will struggle but they accompany you through the different steps of this learning experience. During the day, you work with another student to complete coding exercises. When you don’t know how to proceed, you may ask the help of a TA who would guide you (without giving you out the answer). Then you start to move up the learning curve, understand the logics of coding and unlock your brain potential. The bootcamp is intensive: you mustn’t give up even when it’s hard. The reward is worth the effort: there is nothing more satisfying than solving complicated problems (and fixing bugs in a program!).What I especially liked about my experience at Le Wagon is that it was much more than learning web development. Thanks to them, I could not only feel more confident while writing code, but I also learned how to engineer and design products the start-up way. I would no longer waste time in building apps that consumers don’t need but keep focus on bringing added value. It sounds pretty simple like that, but believe me that before going to Le Wagon, I had thousands of ideas that were not viable.At Le Wagon, I met a lot of wonderful people who all had a different background. Interacting with people who don’t come from the same industry as you do help you see things you couldn’t see before (in my batch, there were journalists, consultants, designers etc.). Whether you want to become developer, Product Owner, or start your own company, Le Wagon is a community of people bursting with energy. So, if you are looking for inspiration while learning programming, Le Wagon is definitely the place you have to go to.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a recent Oxford Classical Archaeology and Ancient History Graduate my uni friends are surprised when I tell them that one summer out of university I am a ‘Software Engineer’. However, that is the rapid level of development that you experience whilst... Read More at Le Wagon in only nine weeks - it is astonishing how much I now know about coding considering that on the first day I had no idea what the ‘terminal’ was let alone anything else.The syllabus is really well structured so that everyday you are pushing yourself to learn more, and always about new things so that it never becomes too dry. This is made possible by the teachers and teaching assistants who are very personable and are always there to help you out if you can’t quite understand something. Another aspect that works well is the ‘buddy system’ where you code with another student and tackle problems together each day – this not only means you meet everyone in your class but also that you can talk through problems which is less daunting than facing them individually. But you can probably read all of this on their website…What might be more interesting to you is that within two weeks of finishing the bootcamp I accepted an offer to be a Software Engineer and started on the 1st of October (just 3 weeks after the course finished). Without Le Wagon’s training I wouldn’t even be able to dream about this! I’ve just finished my first week and have looked back at previous lectures to explain a couple of things that I’d forgotten – it really is the gift that keeps on giving, as the resources available after you finish are very useful if you are a developer.I’d recommend this course to anyone who is even slightly interested in coding, and is willing to work hard. Don’t be put off if you haven’t done maths in a while (I stopped at GCSE), and if you’re curious go to one of their events – you’ll get to meet some of the teachers, have a few beers and I’ll be surprised if you don’t want to sign up afterwards.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting my journey at Le Wagon I was undertaking a Bachelor in Business Hospitality Management as I’ve always been fascinated by the Hospitality Industry, its dynamism, its multicultural environment and its openness. However, this is an industry... Read More that struggles to keep up with technological innovation and digitation, and I really wanted to be able to bring a tech side to it.After 9 intense weeks at Le Wagon, I managed to get the skills to make my objective possible. During the last two weeks at the bootcamp I managed to create a functioning website that caters to restaurants and busy businessman &amp; businesswoman with the help of a 3 other members of Le Wagon. Two months later I’m working as a Junior Developer in a startup, developing a software which facilitates the digitation of hotels.Overall, the 9 weeks have been an amazing, exciting and fulfilling experience. On top of the incredibly skills you will acquire during that time, you’ll get to meet a lot of like-minded people who you’ll have an incredible time with, in one of the most fun cities on earth! What are you still waiting for?Read Less",le-wagon
"As a philosophy student, I had a few creative ideas that I hope to develop, but was unable to due to my lack of technical skills. In 9 weeks, Le Wagon gave us an insight into what it's like to materialize an idea. The bootcamp is divided into two stages... Read More - the first stage consists of learning the basics of Ruby, Javascript, CSS, SQL, and other tools, and the second stage consists of applying what we’ve learned to practice (i.e. develop websites using what’ve learned!). As an aspiring product manager/entrepreneur, the second stage was especially helpful since we learned how to pitch ideas, measure the feasibility of developing an idea in a limited amount of time, create user-journeys, design prototypes for website, and work as and with developers to create websites. We were constantly supported by hardworking and patient teaching assistants and other students despite all the mental struggles! Also, I came to the bootcamp with a biased pre-conception that developers are antisocial; this presumption was totally reversed by the end of the first day! Everyone was very open-minded and social. Le Wagon also makes sure that we get the chance to know everyone in the bootcamp - each day, we are paired up with a new buddy with whom we cooperate to solve daily coding challenges. Personally, I consider this the best part of the bootcamp because I was not only able to cooperate with people from diverse backgrounds, but was also able to see how each person think differently by taking different approaches to solve a problem! Le Wagon also organized quite a few career talks with product managers, entrepreneurs, and developers - I was able to gain perspectives on what I might be interested in doing after my studies by learning about work experiences of invited speakers, classmates, and alumni. This bootcamp in Berlin is really a wonderful experience and the highlight of my summer!Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to work at an English school in Japan and I needed to change my career.I found Le Wagon and it was one of the best highlight of my career life. Also being developer seemed perfect career change for me.Le wagon teaches you a lot in 9 weeks; it was... Read More tough and frustrating at the beginning because I didn't know anything about programming.However, after few weeks, you get what you were doing and learning how to code feels really fun. End of the bootcamp, I was really confident and really happy with myself. Also teachers are really friendly and helpful. It helped me a lot because they are passionate to teach you and they explain you really well.I loved Yoga every Wednesday too. Also they have free tea and coffee!!! (I needed that)Overall, everything was fun and I learnt a lot. Job hunting after finishing the bootcamp wasn't too bad. You can definitely can learn a lot, and I strongly recommend this bootcamp if you want to change your career.Read Less",le-wagon
"Skilled in IP Law and Innovation Management I joined Le Wagon to get tech skills in an area that I've always found fascinating. I tried to learn how to code by myself but it was hard to know where to start, what to learn or select the most valuable data... Read More from the huge amount of information on the web. One of my best friends did Le Wagon a few years ago and I knew it was the best way to learn.During the Bootcamp, everything was made to ensure that I would keep making progress. It was very rewarding to see that every day I could use what I learned during the day before without learning it by heart but in a rather more efficient way by doing exercises with my buddies. Besides, Le Wagon was not just about learning how to code but also being part of a community and meet people from different backgrounds, students, alumni or staff members always willing to share their experience (yes, beers were involved...!). The final weeks with my awesome team really made me realize that I had the new mindset and skills I was looking for and what I was now able to do.It brought me tech &amp; product skills, a fresh mindset and confidence in the career change I had not yet dared to embrace and that was more conform to my aspirations. Moreover, I made some good friends, with a common mindset and values during the Bootcamp, and it's still satisfying to feel to be part of this community.Thanks to Le Wagon and the job support help, I'm now a fullstack web developer at Le Closet, a startup where I will keep coding and learning within a young, fun, talented and ambitious team.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to attend Le Wagon Berlin during the summer of my third year of university. I knew I liked coding (I took several classes at Uni) but I didn't feel that the computer science major was for me for several reasons. I knew I wanted to learn to code... Read More but I had no idea where to start or how to make my self-taught skills applicable. I'm a political science major and since I don't want to go to law school, I was unsure of where to go next. Le Wagon was easily the best decision I've ever made for several reasons; I now have abundant knowledge about the coding world, but I also know learned a lot about what I DON'T know and how to teach myself/ stay up to date on new things in the tech world so I can stay competitive as well as market myself effectively. The culture at Le Wagon is incredible-- you work in pairs and groups on projects that ACTUALLY HELP YOU LEARN AND INTEGRATE THE INFORMATION IN A STIMULATING WAY. There are also endless extracurricular activities they put on for you so you bond with your classmates. I left Le Wagon with lifelong friends as well as career opportunities galore (I literally have recruiters contacting me and I am so excited about all the job opportunities I will pursue upon graduation.) Oh and the bootcamp is more affordable than any other that I've found.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello everyone,I just finished my bootcamp in september in le Wagon and i want to share this amazing experience with you. I was a project manager in a creative agency and i worked on digital projects. I wanted to improve my knowledge and understand all... Read More this sector to manage web projects.The programm is complete to understand and have fast skills. Teachers have good skills and are great they also help us a lot. People in our group was really nice and you meet new people everyday due to extra activities like conferences, drinks etc..I managed a project (www.beatween.me) and that was for me the best experience of this program. In two weeks you have a functional project and you can show that in interview.This was a amazing two months full of knowledge, meet people and good mood. I recommand it for everyone who want to learn how to code ! Thanks le Wagon !!Read Less",le-wagon
"As part of my business studies, I was first introduced to coding through data science. This experience led me thinking I lacked of technical skills and made me want to join Le Wagon’s bootcamp. I wanted to be able to actually build ideas from scratch... Read More and gain a deep understanding of how online platforms are built and work. I took part in the bootcamp of summer 2018 in Paris, and this turned out to be an amazing adventure for me. The course is perfectly structured for learning code as you learn by doing: you first assist to a coding lecture and then get to work in pairs with other students, which helps you reflect and understand what you are doing. The course is very intense and you will acquire plenty of tools to build your own projects afterwards. Teachers and TAs were great and passionate and always made sure to answer all the questions we could have. Apart from coding, I got to meet amazing people from very different backgrounds and I am very happy to be part of this unique community. It was an exceptional educational and human adventure that I can only recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I first thought about taking part in the Le Wagon boot-camp, the online reviews were a big selling point for me, which is why I decided to write this one. They seemed so good they were fake. Having completed the boot-camp I now get it, there are... Read More no fake reviews, they’ve just really nailed the process, so that everyone leaves with a great foundation in coding, a new network of like minded developers and entrepreneurs and a fantastic experience.I went in with zero coding knowledge and left with the ability to make a complex website.It’s important to note that this didn’t come easily. The boot-camp is very intense, it’s not a wishy-washy part-time course. It’s all consuming, for 9 weeks. This is exactly what I wanted, because to learn to code I believe you have to really break the back of it. Learn to think like a developer and how to problem solve – and this is what Le Wagon gave me.As a modern languages student I am lucky in the sense that I have a very broad degree, but unlucky that it doesn’t allow me to leave university with expertise in a specific sector. I’m interested in tech and start-ups and I thought that in order to start a career in that world, a basic coding literacy would be fundamental. Le Wagon taught me so much more than a basic literacy and in the final two weeks I was able to put this to use by developing an MVP for my own start-up idea. More than this, the boot-camp is very career driven, they run CV and career workshops as well as organising 1 on 1 meetings with recruiters. For me it was the perfect start for launching a career in tech.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a serial entrepreneur, I have always been keen on creating innovative companies in sectors in great need. Focused on new consumption patterns and the digitalisation of our society, my career reveals a deep interest in technology and the various digital... Read More professions. Attracted by data management and the automation of these, I learnt during my higher education the algorithmic approach and programming. However, the learning methods were far from my expectations. I therefore “temporarily” put aside computer programming and devoted myself exclusively to the development of my companies. Self-taught, I resumed learning how to code. But it was very slow... I was missing an educational path and a clear goal. I then decided to join Le Wagon’s Bootcamp which fully met my expectations: to focus on coding for nine weeks in order to create a first functional web application. This is concrete! In addition, having had the opportunity to interact with web agencies, I am now ready to challenge their proposals. Indeed, it is more complex to exchange around a proposal or a quote that you do not understand! Meeting people and learning teamwork with an agile methodology directly related to the needs and the operations of the startup are also part of Le Wagon’s program. Now I am ready.Read Less",le-wagon
"A year ago I quit my marketing job to focus on a SaaS startup project. My dev associate wasn’t full-time though ; for months we struggled to make progress. So I joined Le Wagon.I loved every week of that Bootcamp: teachers and material are top-notch,... Read More it was interesting, it was challenging, it was exciting and I got to meet great people from many different walks of life.Now a month after our Demo Day, I am closer than ever to launching a MVP and feel empowered to do a lot more !Read Less",le-wagon
"If your looking to pull the trigger and commit to learning to code then this is the course for you. It is truly incredible how much you can learn in just 9 weeks. This course was both incredibly challenging and extremely rewarding. The small class size... Read More means that you form a strong comradery with your fellow classmates and you get as much individual attention as you need from the teachers and TA's. The teachers, TA's and Le Wagon community is absolutely incredible, the teachers were all previous Le Wagon students and so know exactly what you are going through!The course curriculum is very well designed for accelerated learning, compounding your knowledge each day and with lots of interesting challenges and great review exercises/flashcards to keep you on track. I really enjoyed all the extra events, workshops and seminars available throughout the course; career coaching, tech recruiters, product management and UX design workshops etc..Couldn't recommend this course highly enough.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before deciding on Le Wagon I did extensive research on the different coding bootcamps available. After reading Le Wagon’s reviews and what their company was all about, I was sold. I applied, went through the interview process and booked my ticket to... Read More Lisbon to become part of Batch 162.Within the first week we went from being strangers to one big family. Le Wagon’s team went above and beyond to make sure we were getting more than what we signed up for. From planning dinners every Friday, to providing us with workshops, and inviting us to local networking events. Our days were intense but in a good way. We’d code for hours learning from each other and helping each other out. The teachers and TA’s were passionate and very knowledgeable, making sure we understood everything and not just giving us the answer. After the day was over we’d all go out for a few beers to destress and talk about something else other than infinite loops, arrays and anything else coding related. These were by far some of the best conversations I’ve had. Learning about everyone’s background, what their dreams and goals were after finishing the bootcamp was incredibly inspiring and motivational for me. Our friendships have continued even after the bootcamp and Le Wagon does a great job of keeping us involved in the community. As well as letting us know of any new job opportunities. I am an entrepreneur at heart with a background in international business, graphic design, web development and industrial design. I attended six different universities before deciding to become a college drop out. I wanted to graduate but felt like the educational system was never enough and took too long. As soon as I arrived to Le Wagon Lisbon I knew i was exactly where I was supposed to be. I may not have graduated from a university but I did graduate from Le Wagon’s Batch 162 and to me that is just as valuable (if not more) than a paper certifying my education. Why? because I went to Le Wagon to learn to code and I left with so much more than I could’ve imagined. They gave me the tools to succeed even after the bootcamp is over.If you love to travel, meet new people and have a passion for coding. Do yourself a favor and choose Le Wagon. You won’t regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi, I joined Le wagon last year (#Batch-100) in Paris after a few year working as a project manager on Business Transformation programs. I was pretty frustrated by the length and the complexity of digital transformation by then. Why is it so long, so... Read More expensive, so crappy to get a product done for a train company? when you have been using apps like uber or airbnb for 3 years and that you see the product improving on a regular basis? No need to talk about their growth as well. Actually i wanted to learn how to make a digital product, to really make it myself and that's what i found at le wagon. Today i m managing a team on a start up project inside a big group on product to improve elderly day to day life, and i am about take an executive team on tour at Las Vegas CES 2019.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I studied International Business Administration in Frankfurt. I decided to learn coding because I think it is a crucial skill to have in this world and because I wanted to be able to make my ideas become a reality. I liked Le Wagon's curriculum... Read More and applied to Barcelona. The camaraderie felt in the boot camp, and on the other hand all the individual little riddles one got to solve were my favorite things during the 9 weeks. Plus, Barcelona is great.Overall, it was a very fulfilling experience and if you're thinking about it, simply do it!Read Less",le-wagon
"As a communications strategy/content/design professional, I went to Le Wagon bootcamp knowing html, css and the communications side of digital projects and no computer science background.Simply put, it was a very tough and rewarding experience. I learned... Read More a lot about coding and new perspectives on problem solving. Some challenges are set up to make things difficult for students. This might be frustrating during the excercises but it is meant to enhance the ""real world"" qualities of the bootcamp.It is important to set expectations: anyone with a profile similar to mine will not leave the bootcamp ready to hit the ground running. It will still take a bit more time, dedication and work to become proficient enough for employment. In a relatively short period of time, this bootcamp is a great opportunity to gain a working knowledge of coding in Ruby on Rails and the developer's environment. It could also be useful for anyone who is not necessarily aiming to become a developer and plans to work with them or in the tech world.I would go back and do it again in a heartbeat.Read Less",le-wagon
"Back in January, I decided to leave Carrefour, where I had spent almost 6 years at different positions, the last one being Commercial Director. I needed fresh air.After a few months doing consulting in change management, helping leaders of big companies... Read More find ways to involve their employees in cultural or organizational transformation processes, I decided to attend Le Wagon Bootcamp from July to September!To be honest, I never really told myself I wanted to become a web developer, but I was more interested in experimenting something completely new. And I must admit that I got the fresh air I was looking for! Not only did I enjoy learning coding languages and tools, but I also loved being part of an incredible 9-week adventure, along with students with very diverse backgrounds and projects, and coached by amazing teachers. I thought the pedagogical experience was fantastic, and everything is done so that we can step into the tech world and its very own culture : the adorable staff that helps us with anything including job search, the wild place where we study every day next to actual entrepreneurs, the enriching professional meetups and lectures that are frequently organized, and of course the memorable afterworks!As far as I am concerned, I am not sure yet about my next move, but whether it is a personal project or a job in a start-up, I know that what I learnt at Le Wagon (not only the code itself!) will be an extraordinary resource!In a nutshell, whatever your profile is, whatever your plan may be, Le Wagon is an adventure that I can only recommend. You won’t regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I never knew what I wanted to do when I was going through school. I only did A-levels so I could buy myself a couple more years. After that I went from job to job and travelled a bit inbetween, but I was still looking for something to make a career from.... Read More I came across coding. I tried to find some college courses with no luck, then I discovered Le Wagon. I couldn’t find a single bad review of the bootcamp, which I thought was strange to start with (however in time I realised there was a reason for that!), so I thought that it was the definite choice.Le Wagon is intense, which is made very clear to you beforehand, however it’s worth it. The course is 9 weeks and project focused, with the last 3 weeks creating an airbnb clone and a project of your choice, where you use all the skills you’ve learned within the first 6 weeks.Day to day, the setup of the course is awesome, with a lecture first thing, then coding challenges going over the lecture topic, and then live code in the afternoon.All the staff at Le Wagon are always super helpful and on hand as they’ve been in our shoes before, which is reassuring when you’re having trouble understanding something.I would definitely recommend Le Wagon to anyone who is interested in coding. Best decision I made. Le Wagon London is where it’s at.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I took my ticket for Le Wagon a few years ago, little did I know about this adventure I was embarking on. Behind the machines, algorithms and complex numbers, I actually came across outstanding men and women, exciting projects and amazingly instructive... Read More stories. It’s a real community full of passionate entrepreneurs, with very different profiles and backgrounds, who all share the same thirst for learning and sharing the digital culture. From that point on, no matter which path I take, I know I’ll always be able to rely on Le Wagon’s family!Choosing Le Wagon is a bit like choosing the Orient Express. It’s first-class or nothing.Today i have also created a Bootcamp, https://www.growth-acceleration.com first Growth Hacking Bootcamp in FranceRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has been a life changing experience for me. I used to work at Conde Nast in New York City then moved to London. I was starting an app with my sister and got frustrated not being able to understand the web developers we were working with. I decided... Read More to put the project on hold and enrol at le Wagon London. At first, the program was hard but after a few weeks all made sense. During the program, I met my business partner, with who I now have a company called Socialive TV. We launched a little under a year ago and couldn’t be happier. Without le Wagon none of this could have happened!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had the opportunity to create a website back in 2012 with WordPress and was successful at developing an audience and driving a good amount of people to it. The website turned out great, it did everything I wanted but it was really painful when I had... Read More to jump on the backend of WordPress for example to adapt the PHP code.After studying marketing I got to discover the wonderful world of growth hacking. In other words how marketers accelerate growth by using digital marketing. ""Unfortunately"", for both product and growth hacking strategies you need to code and I didn’t know how (frustrating!). As a freelance web-designer and digital marketer coding is essential to succeed and provide your clients with the best service possible.Hearing about Le Wagon as the best coding bootcamp in the world, I started looking around at each one of the numerous camps dotted around the world. I thought to myself if I learn to code, the ideal environment is where nobody is going to disturb me, plus if I spend 2 months in front of a computer, well let’s at least pick a great place to study. This is why I chose to go to Bali.As you may expect, Bali is a little paradise, but what I didn’t know is how many digital nomads and coworking spaces you can find here. And right in the middle of this tropical tech scene you'll find Le Wagon Bali on top of a rooftop looking straight at the blue lagoon. We were a group of 25 students from all around the world of 14 different nationalities, different backgrounds and ages. We teamed up with a different person every day to face the coding challenge of the day.The first 3 weeks were the biggest challenge for me learning the core concepts and how to program using Ruby. Some days are frustrating but you will feel you are in the same boat as everyone even if you don’t know anything about coding. You will be able to ask the teacher as many questions as you need to solve the challenges each day. What is really impressive of Le Wagon is the platform they developed which is common in all Le Wagon bootcamps around the world. We all have the same program and tools to drive us through exercises and give us feedback on how well we perform. It's simply genius knowing if you made it with style or not (you'll understand this one once you are student)!In the 2 months you will become autonomous and get through fundamentals of programming, databases, Ruby frameworks, API and many more amazing skills needed to become a junior full stack developer. All this until you arrive at the project stage. This is where you learn how to create an Airbnb clone in only 5 days and then jump into a project you or your campmates had pitched in front of everyone like you would have done in front of a VC or an incubator.When you start coding your own product, it is where you discover how much you have learned but also how crazy these super powers are now. In 10 days you create amazing functional products - it is your MVP. We were all really proud of the products we created when we presented them at the end of the camp during demo day. Believe me, I was so surprised by how great everyone’s projects came out.So, if you are looking to know more about all this magic that makes the web such a wonderful place or want to develop web projects or like me gain more knowledge and learn new skills to realize your own ideas and work in growth hacking or any other tech job, you definitely should think about joining Le Wagon. You will simply treat yourself to being future proof. Just be aware that these 2 months will be anything but chilled and instead expect to spend around 10 hours a day coding in an amazing environment with dedicated and passionate teachers and other hungry students who want to master web development.At the end of these amazing two months, you get lifelong access to Le Wagon’s Slack channels and all the exercises you have done, which if you like you can reset and redo them all. Plus, you get access to tons of resources to continue the journey of becoming a coding rock star.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon bootcamp, I already had some curiosity regarding coding for some years. However, I never persued it as a career.I studied business and finance, and later worked at a consulting company for a couple of years. I was very unsatisfied... Read More with my life as I was not enjoying what I was doing and was having a hard time figuring out what I wanted to do with my life.Then Le Wagon came up. I saw an ad on Instagram, and started reading some reviews. I eventually found out that a previous classmate that I had worked with in uni (Manuel Reis) was doing the bootcamp, and so I texted him and he recommended it greatly.So then I applied, doing Codecademy on my spare time, reading about tech careers and talking with people in the industry.At the beginning, I was not expecting to get hired directly after the Bootcamp. I saw Le Wagon as an opportunity to get technical skills to build my business, as I thought that that was I would be doing next, since I already had business studies.But as the classes started, I fell in love with coding. The mental stimulation, solving problems, thinking out of the box. Everyday felt like I had new puzzles to solve. And I was very excited to solve them. The teachers, the collaborative atmosphere, the learning methodology, everything that Le Wagon provided on a daily basis was essential for this crazy and rewarding learning adventure.Would I recommend it? In one word: absolutely. A life changer! Totally worth the money (I know it's expensive, but it will pay off). And it is much more than coding. It is about making the students believing that they are capable of anything. The community is great, and I feel that the students and the teachers are my friends and are there to help me, even after the bootcamp.I'm definitly hanging out with them after my working/studying schedule, which is super cool. Good job!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Mathieu, after graduating with a masters degree from a business school in Paris, I worked for two and half years as a project manager in a communication agency. I really enjoyed my role but one thing was greatly missing for me, I wasn’t working... Read More on what I considered inspiring projects.After thinking on what I wanted to do, I realised inspiring projects were for me innovative and digital ; and I realised that I was lacking a deep enough knowledge of the digital world for me to apply to companies that interested me. So I quit my job and decided to learn how to code.I decided to go with Le Wagon because I had different objectives that, after some research, I believed this organisation could fulfil. First I wanted to learn how to code to understand precisely how it all works, for me to communicate with a developper. Second, I wanted to learn how a digital group work is carried out. Third, as I quit my job, I thought to myself that if I really liked it I could change my professional field. Fourth, I thought as I discovered the limits (or absence of limits) of the digital sphere, I could come up with my own business idea or follow and help someone who wanted to develop his own cool thing.After doing Le Wagon during summer 2018, I realised that these objectives where completely met (or possible) and I got to learn much more.Le Wagon is an amazing learning experience. The program is intense and really well done ; the courses are technical, you are always coding and moving forward. But still you are never overwhelmed as teachers are professionals, plus they are always available whenever you struggle. The program ends with a two weeks creation and development of an idea you or one of your fellow students come up with. This was a great confidence booster for me, it made me realise I technically could do almost anything.Le Wagon was also a great human experience for me. I got to learn a lot from the past experiences of the teachers who are all super nice, but I got to learn more from my fellow students. Everybody has different objectives and come from different professional spheres and no one knew how to code at the beginning. And thanks to the format of the courses, everybody is very helpful to one another.Today, after giving myself a few days of vacation I am searching for a project manager or a product owner position. With this new technical background, I get (and I want) to be more picky of the companies I apply to, and I have already landed some first interviews.Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked in the Wealth Management industry in London before quitting my job and signing up to Le Wagon. Although I found a lot of pleasure and joy working in this sector, I’d always aspired to evolve in a less formal and more forward-looking environment... Read More such as tech. After doing some research on the topic, I came across Le Wagon which had acquired a solid reputation on teaching coding to their students in a dynamic and startup-friendly framework. These guys were my natural choice to embrace a new challenge.The bootcamp turned out to be very intensive, with a lot of stuff to be learned, especially in the beginning. Thanks to Ed, the London manager, and his constant flow of positive energy, I felt very comfortable throughout the learning process. Also, the course allowed me to meet many interesting people from very diverse backgrounds, all exhibiting relentless hunger for change and self-improvement. The teaching assistants showed enormous committment and would spend all the time needed to provide extensive explanations on a given problem.After 6 weeks of in-depth learning, students get the opportunity to apply their newly-aquired skills on practical projects. I was lucky enough to lead a team of 3 working on my idea: we developed a mooring booking app for narrow boats using busy London canals. Personally, I had a lot of pleasure addressing a genuine problem using tools that I’d never thought of before.After completion of the course, my objective is to join/launch a start-up.To any aspiring coder/entrepreneur, Le Wagon is the perfect place to start your journey.Read Less",le-wagon
"In July 2017, I graduated from university with a degree in Anthropology from Duhram University, and subsequently began to pursue my passion for technology startups. In November later that year, I moved to London to start a new job in the Business Development... Read More team at an up-and-coming startup. During my time there, I was lucky enough to travel to a number of different cities across the world, such as San Francisco, Los Angeles and Tokyo, and enjoyed gaining a formal introduction into the world of startups.However, in June 2018, I quit my job after deciding that I wanted to try and be the person helping to build such amazing technologies, rather than the person selling them. I tried free online coding courses, however I found it difficult to learn quickly and often became frustrated by my lack of motivation. So, in July 2018 I enrolled at Le Wagon's coding bootcamp in London, which is no doubt one of the best decisions I've ever made.Le Wagon is hard, make no mistakes. After the first week, I was questioning whether I was good enough to carry on, especially as I felt I was one of the slower ones in the class. However, I quickly got the hang of things and my confidence grew as every day passed.Perhaps the most amazing, yet challenging aspect of Le Wagon's coding bootcamp, is that you're expected to learn a new concept every, single, day. You might feel like you've not even fully grasped the concept of the day before, but you have no choice other than to crack on with the next batch of daily coding challenges. Inevitably, this can make things feel totally overwhelming, but Le Wagon's course is so well structured - they know exactly what they're doing.The amount I learnt in only 9 weeks beggars belief. In the final 2 weeks of the bootcamp, I, and 3 other team members, managed to build our first ever web app - a backpacking itinerary planner. On the final day, I presented our project in front of over 100 people at Google Campus, and felt such an immense sense of achievement. All that hard work and long hours certainly paid off, plus I now actually know how to code!If you want to become a software engineer, or if you simply just want to learn to code, I can't recommend Le Wagon highly enough. The people you meet are incredible and it's such a useful skill to know. Indeed, as the founder of Apple once said, ""Everyone should know how to program a computer, because it teaches you how to think!"".Read Less",le-wagon
"The experience at Le Wagon has been fantastic overall. The bootcamp is very well structured, working on daily coding challenges with a different classmate each day was fun and all teachers as well as teaching assistants have been nothing but great. One... Read More of the biggest assets of Le Wagon, and this is where I believe it differs most from other coding bootcamps, is that it has a truly global reach. Since Le Wagon currently has around 30 locations and a very tight-knit alumni network one can easily get a foot into the startup or tech ecosystem of exciting cities on every continent (except Antarctica). Another benefit of Le Wagon is the permanent access to its materials and video lectures, which are of exceptional quality.All in all, I cannot recommend Le Wagon enough and would go through the bootcamp again in a heartbeat.Read Less",le-wagon
"After university, I realized that I lacked some coding skills that would be beneficial for my career. I searched for a program that would allow me to pursue my dream to become a full-stack web developer and found Le Wagon. After deciding to join Le Wagon... Read More in Tokyo, I was really eager to start learning and to start following the 9-week course. Although a bit difficult at the beginning, I really enjoyed the pace and how well made the program was. We had lectures every morning and then later applied the new concepts we learned by doing exercises in pairs throughout the day. I really appreciated the fact that each day we built our knowledge on concepts we had learned the day before. It was a gradual progression and even though it might seem like it is too hard, it eventually “clicks” at the end and it is one of the most rewarding feeling ever! The staff, teachers, and TAs were so helpful, kind, professional and really knowledgeable about the material. No matter what questions I had, they were always able to help. I learned a lot and met great people who had the same ambitions as I had and shared a similar international background. We also have access to the material even after the Bootcamp has ended, and to a network of over 3,000 alumni, teachers and TAs, which is great to find resources, job opportunities and more! Overall, it was an incredible experience and I strongly recommend Le Wagon to anybody who wishes to learn how to code and switch careers!Read Less",le-wagon
"As an ex-journalist already in my mid-30s eager to reinvent myself in a new job - developer - I couldn’t afford enough time for a computer science school. Spending six months to educate myself was not even a possibility, not mentioning the 3+ years courses.... Read More I grew interest for Le Wagon and their short, summer-long bootcamp, though I was a bit worried it would be too light to get a job as a developer.But when I got there, I was amazed by one thing in particular: the quality of the educational method. It is really intensive, but more than that, it teaches web development in a very smart way. You learn languages, software architecture, databases… and you get your hands dirty with what you learn from day one. And then, one day, around the sixth week, everything starts to assemble and you find yourself coding great applications you would never have guessed you would be able to develop a few weeks ago.I loved it and, if I have conscious of everything I still need to learn, I gained confidence to apply for junior positions as I feel that Le Wagon gave me a rock-solid background to become, I hope, a great web developer one day.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon I was working as a mathematics teacher at an inner London sixth-form college. I had always been interested in coding but didn't know how to use it. I heard great things about Le Wagon (from Christos!) and I decided to go for it.... Read MoreThe first few weeks of the bootcamp were fairly intense with lots of new ideas each day. The ""buddy"" system allowed me to meet everyone on the course quite quickly - very helpful for someone as socially lazy as I am! Everyone on the course was great to work with and the Teaching Assistants were no different. Leonard was particulary helpful throughout. This being said, I do recall him once asking me (a maths teacher) if I knew what a recursive function was. The nerve. Like leonard and everyone else, the TAs went above and beyond what was necessary - sometimes working with me past seven o'clock to fix a bug. Everyone genuinely wanted to help.The full-time teachers (Phelim, Ben, Sandrine and Arthur) were incredibly useful. They had the required patience of a teacher and the determination to help. I remember the second Monday of the final project. We changed our routes and had a new front-end goal. Sandrine spent a good 2 hours helping us make the necessary changes. This sort of dedication was commonplace throughout the bootcamp.Le Wagon was an amazing experience and one I would recommend it to anyone wishing to find a career in coding!Read Less",le-wagon
"Choose Le Wagon!I was a student in the Bali 163 Batch that started in June this year. After years of working in a job which I did not feel challenged in any meaningful way I wanted a change; and decided to invest my time and money into the Le Wagon Bootcamp.... Read MoreI won’t lie, it's very very intense. And in Bali the camp runs in 8 weeks which means working on a couple of Saturdays. Nevertheless I can confidently say that this was one of the best things I have done in my life. I did not have a computer science background; and at the beginning it was difficult for me. However the one thing that ran throughout the bootcamp is that you never work alone. Whether it’s the Buddy system Le Wagon have in place or the amazing TA’s and teachers that were there to guide me through concepts that I had difficultly grasping, I always had help when I needed it.Where I couldn’t have coded my way out of a paper bag before I’ve now already built a couple of projects.I remember one of the TA’s saying the best thing about Le Wagon was it’s fantastic sense of community, and I can’t refute her. I visited Le Wagon in Melbourne whilst travelling and was invited to dinner and was shown around their study area. I’ve spoken to a few alumni’s and they’ve all had similar experiences. The vibe seems to be amazing throughout all Le Wagon locations and its network.My suggestion if you’re pondering a change of career and want to jump start your coding expertise by attending a bootcamp; choose Le Wagon. I’ve yet to speak to anyone who’s finished and regretted it. Good luck!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I was in my penultimate year of reading Biochemistry at Imperial College London. Throughout the year I had tried to teach myself how to build websites using online courses will little success. Struggling to find time in my schedule... Read More to code and not having any support when I got stuck made learning inefficient and frustrating. I decided to attend a coding bootcamp to accelerate my learning. Le Wagon immediately stood out to me because of its great reputation. Now, having completed the bootcamp, I can confirm that it certainly lives up to it.During the first few weeks the learning curve was vertical. However, because I was surrounded by likeminded students and enthusiastic teachers I never felt as though I couldn't make it. The Le Wagon buddy system helped me test and consolidate my knowledge and allowed me to meet great people from all walks of life. There was always a teacher present to answer any questions I had which allowed me to gain positive momentum and not get stuck on trivial issues. By the end of the first six weeks I had acquired all the skills needed to develop a website with Rails, something I would have deemed impossible before the bootcamp.During the last three weeks you get in teams and create two products, one of which is presented at Google Campus. During this time, I learnt just as much about planning, designing and prototyping product ideas as I had previously about coding. The last three weeks are what make the Le Wagon experience truly unique. As an aspiring entrepreneur, learning to build your own products from scratch is empowering and has opened many doors for me. Completing the Le Wagon bootcamp has been one of my most rewarding and enjoyable experiences and I would recommend it to anybody who wants to fast track into the world of tech.Read Less",le-wagon
"Long story short, Le Wagon rules.Long story long, once upon a time, I received a course on programming. The course covered loops and conditional statements, and we were aided mainly by pen and paper. In the end, we were told: ""Now you know how to program!"".... Read More Though encouraging, this statement was false. It was the equivalent of saying: ""I have taught you how to make bricks, now build me a house"".Learning coding is like learning a language, it is difficult and tough but also extremely interesting and rewarding.As teaching methods go, Le Wagon nailed it! They have managed to make the learning of a very complex subject into a true pleasure. By dividing the subject into small lessons and adding interesting and challenging factors to each of them they ""trick"" their students into absorbing every little ounce of knowledge the can handle.The course is designed not so that they can teach you, but so that you may learn. Comprehensive lessons and an incredibly supportive staff lead you up the steps to finally and truthfully be able to say: ""Now I know how to program!"".Need proof? Throughout the course you will actually build increasingly complex programs and by the end you will have designed your very own fully functioning webpage. No more scribbles on paper for me…Conclusion: if you are even remotely thinking about this, apply, you will not regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"With a background in Chemistry and then orchestral performance, coding didn't seem like the next logical step for me. It's something that I had always been interested in from afar, as something I might have enjoyed if I had started at a younger age, but... Read More perhaps I had missed the boat. At the same time, at 31 I wasn't sure if a total career change was the best idea for me, since it inevitably involves retraining and starting again at the bottom rung. My friends in the industry assured me it was definitely possible and that it's becoming a much more common route in, so I started to look at bootcamp courses. Le Wagon was overwhelmingly well reviewed, so I enrolled.Look no further: Le Wagon will change your life.Obviously from the great reviews, I had high expectations from the course. These were blown out of the water. Le Wagon has been the best educational experience of my life. The course is intensive - it really is non-stop for 9 weeks - but you come out the other end as a well-rounded full-stack developer, ready for employment. This is the most important thing: the syllabus at Le Wagon is so well designed, you're not just churned out the other end knowing whatever topics were chosen by the founders 5 years ago, the course is regularly updated to reflect the most important relevant changes and language versions that are becoming more widely used. You really feel like you're ready to slot into a professional development team by the end.The course caters for people of all aptitudes. For people taking to it quickly, there's supplementary work you can do to push yourself. For people finding it more challenging, there are teachers and teaching assistants absolutely everywhere, and they are there to help! There are also sessions organised for people who want to re-cover some old material to help them keep up. You're always paired up for your daily challenges, so it's also a great opportunity to learn from each other and figure things out between yourselves.Apart from the fantastic teaching and learning experience, Le Wagon is an extremely sociable course. You're always paired up with different people every day so you'll quickly meet everyone on the course, and there are regular social events organised by the staff. It's an intensive course, so you'll make close friends super quickly - you're pretty much spending all day every day together!In summary: I hadn't written a line of code before the start of this year. Coming out of Le Wagon I am starting a new job as a junior developer two weeks later, with good pay. Le Wagon makes this possible! It's the real deal. Viva Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"After struggling for years with my own discipline to learn programming autonomously via online courses I found the opportunity to learn Ruby on Rails at Le Wagon. I had doubts about the reviews I found on the web since there are no complaints from any... Read More student on any of the review sites. I thought there has to be a catch, no way it’s that perfect. Wrong! Absolutely complete bootcamp, agile and practical teaching system. Yes, it’s hard but I couldn’t get enough of it. I was so motivated to learn every day from 9am to 7pm and the time was flying. The platform is so solid, the teachers and TA's are perfectly prepared to answer any question and also have the pedagogical skills to keep you engaged and make sure you understand the new concepts.I am a cryptocurrency and Blockchain enthusiast. Through Le Wagon I can now not only realize my ideas and build web apps but also have fundamentals and tools to go on to teach myself any additional coding languages out there.And what can I say about Bali, Indonesia? Spectacular! Sea, sun, surf, and coding .... can you ask for more in life?BTW: if you have doubts about the reviews as well I recommend you look up the people in LinkedIN and see what they are doing now or even message them. If you want to speak to me you are most welcome to contact me: linkedin.com/in/wecalderonc/Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was brilliant. First and foremost, I joined Le Wagon because I'm interested in business. So coding appealed to me for two reasons. First from an entrepreneurial perspective: if I can code, then I can design, iterate and fix my own MVPs. Second... Read More from a wider commercial perspective: I thought learning to code would empower me to speak a new language; to be able to have fantastic conversations with other tech enthusiasts about where the world is headed. That's why, after graduating from Cambridge University with a philosophy degree, I enrolled on Le Wagon London's 9-week intensive course as an investment in my career.I'm happy to say that the product-oriented bootcamp fulfilled my expectations. By week 6 we were generating mini-apps from scratch every day. Not only were we able to launch websites that are live *right now*, we could also make them look really fantastic by implementing a few simple design principles. I'm continuing to work on the MVPs we built during the bootcamp, and my techy friends have since approached me asking to collaborate on new apps and websites. Learning to code is SO empowering. It changes my whole relationship with the internet and often other people too. Even friends who studied computer science at university, or other programmers, are astounded by what's possible in a 9-week bootcamp! Other good stuff: the course is designed exceptionally well. The Le Wagon team have worked hard to create funky, productive vibes in the office; the culture is uplifting and intelligent, and after the bootcamp I felt like I'd 'joined the family'. The design of the day-to-day learning is outstanding - clearly they've been tweaking and perfecting their teaching methods with every new bootcamp, so by the 173rd bootcamp (my own!) everything worked like a slick, powerful machine. The networking is fantastic - I've met so many inspirational people from all walks of life who will be lifelong connections. If you can spare the cash, Le Wagon is a brilliant investment in yourself.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was a great experience. It really piqued my interest in programming. I went on to do a conversion Master’s in Computing after the bootcamp, which I am almost done with now. This has given me a renewed appreciation for Le Wagon. At Le Wagon, they... Read More were able to teach us so much in such a short amount of time. Most important, they made it fun. The curriculum was really stimulating and the platform they have built around it looks amazing and delivers content in such an effective manner. Le Wagon is where I loved programming, and without it I probably would not even be considering a programming role today. It was also just a lot of fun! The challenges posed by the teachers were a lot of fun, and working with our classmates was great. The class grew really close, and we had many social events - following our long programming days (9-6). But I never felt like the days were long. I was at my most skilled and job-ready after completing Le Wagon. Le Wagon really equipped me to be a web developer. It is one of my favorite things I have ever done, and I would do it again in a heartbeat.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’d heard so much about Le Wagon before I started the course that I was afraid it was going to be overrated. Boy, I wasn’t disappointed. The curriculum is well thought out, like Lego bricks that you assemble. And the social experiment is definitely a... Read More highlight: meeting classmates who took the same risk as I did, the risk to learn something completely new and to perhaps also change their lives. But the most satisfying and rewarding part was to build the final project from scratch with my own hands (and with those of my 3 fantastic group members). Prior to the bootcamp, I was working as an Investment Analyst at a VC firm in Singapore and I was so frustrated about not being able to build anything except legal documents, Investment Memorandums and Excel spreadsheets. When I came back to Paris, I got seriously ill and wasn’t able to do anything for a long while as my frustration ramped up. Le Wagon helped me find a way back into the working world as I now work as an auto-entrepreneur building websites for others and for myself. Now I can’t go a day without thinking about coding new projects!Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon after working as a product owner and I was looking for a professional reconversion. I couldn't afford to go back to school and I wanted to be able to quickly return to the job market. I decided to enter the bootcamp after talking to... Read More a few alumni who told me how professionalising and effective their bootcamps had been.My time at Le Wagon was an incredible experience, with no comparison to my years of traditional studies. Their methology is unique because it focuses on the positives of learning. You don't ever feel stuck, dumb or frustrated. Because you are always working with a pair or a group, you spend a lot of time co-teaching each other and you get an amazing sense of fullfilment from understanding new concepts yourself but also from helping others understand.After 2 months at Le Wagon, you will not know everything but you will have learned lots of best practices and how to ask questions and this is what makes a good developer.1 year later, I can only say how good a decision it was. I'm now working as a fullstack RoR/JavaScript developer, and yes the first months the learning curve was stiff but I had solid foundation to help me and I now feel at ease with my coding. I still have tons to learn but that's the fun of the job!Read Less",le-wagon
"When I was younger, I wanted to learn how to code. I tried to learn online through several courses. I didn’t really like it because it was difficult to have some active feedback and being vigorous by my own was an additional difficulty. Gradually, the... Read More motivation faded away with school and personal life. Until I started working in my first startup at 17 years old, I was exposed to talk with software engineers about technical stuff. I realized that they were losing me on technical discussions and I hated the feeling of being left behind because I didn’t understand code. I decided to take a break from the startup and since that I’m a student in CEGEP, I have 10 weeks free through the summer and a 9 weeks Bootcamp seems to fit perfectly. I begin to talk with several people that had some connections through the coding community. One of my friends was doing a 9-week intensive Bootcamp and I found that really interesting. Before registering, I decided to go to different conferences that they host regularly to learn more about the Bootcamp and to meet with the organizers. I talked with Guillaume, the Bootcamp manager and I pretty liked what he said to me. After the first meeting, I did some research to see my Bootcamp options and to do some interviews. I finally decided to go with Le Wagon Bootcamp because they were the only one to work on the Startups spirit as well as the coding part. It was the mix that I was looking for; a Bootcamp that shows you how to code and with that new knowledge helps you to bring it in the startup community. I was pretty excited to do the Bootcamp but I knew that it was challenging because I was the younger student with no scholar background yet, however, I knew that it was a good timing if I wanted to accomplish my goals. The first 3-4 weeks was really difficult for me. As I said, I didn’t have any background in code and a lot of people were either coming from a technical background or was studying in computer science and stuff like that. After a lot of perseverance and work, it began to work it out for me. It was still pretty intense, but the teachers were always there and they’re always happy to help me with all my questions and problems. What is pretty cool with Le Wagon Bootcamp is that in the last two weeks, you’re doing your final project. Do you have an idea? Good. Just code it. It’s literally that and it was awesome. I give 10 out of 10 for the Bootcamp and I highly recommend Le Wagon for everybody who wants to learn how to code, improve your technical skills, connect with the startup and coding community and meet fantastic people through the Bootcamp. Even at my age, I have a pretty good knowledge of code and I found that really useful through the everyday life. I’m beginning to build my own web application and I have access to all the lectures and exercises that I had through the Bootcamp. This really helps fully because it’s impossible to memorize everything that I’ve learned through the Bootcamp. Once again, no matter what industry you’re working in, change your life and understanding of things, learn how to code with Le Wagon Bootcamp. It’s a difficult and long journey, however, I promise you that is worth it. Read Less",le-wagon
"Why did you want to learn to code?Everyone has their own personal reason(s) why they want (or wanted) to learn to code. I decided to learn to code for a number of reasons but primarily I wanted to change careers. After studying a masters in law and aiming... Read More to become a lawyer, I realised I was not passionate enough to continue a career in law. Then I worked in a finance company for two years. However, long story short neither a career in law or finance made me happy so I decided to seek an alternative career path. I wanted a career path that would be intellectually challenging and rewarding, that would teach me an essential skill that could be applied to many different job types and most importantly, a career path that was future-oriented and where the demand for this skill was higher than the supply.Why did you choose Le Wagon?Some people are able to teach themselves how to code though books and online resources. However, after doing a lot of research on how different people became developers (many people of whom did not have a computer science degree and changed careers from diverse career backgrounds), I realised that many chose the coding bootcamp route. I realised after trying the self-taught route myself for a month that I was one of those people who needed a structured and well-taught program to become a developer. Plus, I wanted to become a developer in the most time-efficient way as possible. I chose Le Wagon as the slogan resonated with me. Simply put, I wanted to learn to code and change my life. Before deciding on Le Wagon, I did extensive research on the different coding bootcamps. I read every review of Le Wagon on the popular review sites course report and switchup and anywhere that I could find a review. The reviews given were overwhelmingly positive so who was I to argue with more than 500 5/5 star reviews? ;) So I applied, got accepted and the rest is history.Can you share the highlights of your experience? (favorite things, what helped you the most, challenges, your final project...)It was one of the most challenging yet rewarding experiences of my life! And just 9 weeks! There was ups and there was downs! My biggest personal challenge was that I missed an entire week of the bootcamp due to bad health. It was one of the biggest sink or swim moments of my life but due to the support of the people at Le Wagon Barcelona, both students and staff, I overcame the challenge, fought back and finished the bootcamp in style!The Le Wagon community is great! It is one of the best if not the part for someone after the bootcamp! The main struggle I have had since finishing the bootcamp is feeling lost and not knowing what I should do next. And the feelings of “imposter syndrome” has been the most difficult part but I reached out to people in Le Wagon and I got the answer I needed!How did you like Barcelona?Barcelona is an amazing city! It has almost everything you could ask for! The food is great and very affordable, the over all vibe is relaxed and chill and the weather is beautiful every day! My only criticisms of the city is that it is very touristy during the summer and the pickpockets!! Just be aware when going outside day or night but especially at night, avoid certain areas (Las Ramblas) and all will be good! The pros of living in Barcelona far outweigh the cons so don't worry! I don't have any regrets!What advice would you give to someone considering joining us?My advice before joining the bootcamp is to become good in the Ruby programming language before starting the bootcamp! Practice Ruby problem solving exercises online! If you do you will reap the rewards especially in the first 3 weeks of the bootcamp! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I was the « Marketing guy » for more than 6 years in a startup I co-founded and it was sometimes (a lot of times) frustrating not to be able to understand my co-founders dev problems. That’s why I always wanted to learn how to code. At first, I wasn’t... Read More sure Le Wagon was the best choice for me as I still didn’t now if I wanted to fully change career (I still find Marketing really interesting and important).After discussing with a distant friend who did Le Wagon and talking to the Le Wagon Paris team, I decided to take the leap and attend Le Wagon batch #177 in Paris and boy was it a good idea. I have never experienced such a perfect learning experience (I’ve tried to learn to code only at least 10 times):- The program is great. Focusing on practice over theory. The exercices are challenging enough but not to difficult so you don’t fall behind.- The buddy system is perfect: You work with a new person everyday. This allows you to meet everyone and to better learn as you explain the problems to each other- The numerous TAs and staffs are there to help you along the way.What amazed me was the constant care of the team to see if everyone is following the course and all the extra perks to create a great atmosphere between the students (events, lunches, yoga, meet your buddies, …).Of course, this comes with a cost (both in terms of finance and time) but it is well worth it. I highly recommend it.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Stephane, and I'll be 52 years old in a month. I have done many things in my life so far, including rock climbing (climbing and teaching), playing in a few bands for a number of years (none which you would have heard of), doing live sound for... Read More concerts for the last 20 years, teachin Qìgong... For the past 7 years, I've been studying and training in Chinese Medecine and Martial Arts.Last spring, I had to make a decision about what I wanted to do, money-wise, for the next 15 years of my life. And I remembered how much fun I had a year ago, when I was setting up my girlfriend’s e-commerce store and needed to learn a bit of HTML and CSS to do so. The magic of Code! Being able to create stuff just like that was fascinating.So I looked into programs and schools and found Le Wagon. Before investing time and money into a boot camp, I needed to make sure I was going in the right direction, and so I did the Build a Website from Scratch course on Codecademy. One night, looking up from my code and realizing 6 hours had passed by without me noticing, I knew I had found my new career.Meeting Guillaume and seeing how serious Le Wagon is about what they do convinced me. And I have to say, the boot camp has been one of the greatest, most intense, knowledge-crammed, frustrating, elating and most awesome experience in my life! Yes, it is tough. Yes, it is confronting and yes, you’ll get discouraged (especially at the end of week 3).But if you keep the pace, if you do your flash cards every day, if you gear up for a marathon and not a sprint, you’ll get through it. And I’ll bet you’ll feel extremely proud of your achievements on demo day (once the presentations are over). You won’t believe what you’ll be able to create after such a short period of time.Right now, I am working on my first (and quite imposing) freelance project: migrating an e-commerce store to a new platform, setting up an LMS class and grouping all of it into a Rails application. Lots of time spent on Google so far ;0).Batch #188 in Montreal, I’ll see you real soon, as I’ll have the opportunity of being a TA for you (I’m redoing the challenges as we speak). Happy coding!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting the bootcamp, I was web project manager for a few months in Montreal. It was a great job but I realized by the time that I wanted to become a web developer.I already knew Le Wagon from Belgium, and I only heard good things about it. So... Read More I decided to do the Bootcamp in Montreal.I don’t regret at all taking this decision. We really learned a lot in only 9 weeks.One of the best moment was during the final weeks, we worked as a team on a final project and also on an AirBnB clone. Those projects combined all the things we have learned during the bootcamp.It was really rewarding to realized what we were already able to do.Now I work as front-end developer in Brussels and I love my job so much.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Montreal was an amazing experience. This bootcamp has the most structured and best paced curriculum I have ever come across. All of the people attending are spoiled everyday with the best learning environment one could ask for, and in the end,... Read More I walked away with so much more than just a bunch of skills in web development.  The idea of coding by solving concrete problems/challenges instead of just diving head first into books and theory provided me with better motivation. Coming from an engineering course, I can say that the way you learn in college can get boring and dry, but with this “hands on” approach, along with the special support provided, it’s the best anyone can ask for.  Walking away with a finished project, and a potential product was incredibly valuable to me, as I haven’t done many projects in the past, but now I have one on my resume. My peers and I remain in contact and I’m very happy I got to learn with and from them, but most importantly they helped me develop my collaboration skills, which is essential in the industry. Additionally, I have the privilege to be a member of the Le Wagon alumni, meaning that I can get in contact with anyone who has attended the same bootcamp (all over the world!)  On top of all this, I get lifetime access to all of the material we covered PLUS tips and tricks to help me learn individually.  Le Wagon was the smartest investment I’ve made so far. Hats off to the team! Read Less",le-wagon
"Working in the sales department of e-commerce companies, I couldn’t help myself looking at ways we could improve our users experience. I was slowly moving towards the product side. I wanted to land a product manager position. But how do you talk to your... Read More programmer’s mates if you never coded anything? That’s why I joined Le Wagon. What happened next is just a life changing experience ! It was intense, fun and rewarding. I didn’t think I could learn that much skills in such a short period of time. You can feel the curriculum is crafted iteration after iteration, batch after batch. The teachers are all experts. You don’t lose time searching hours to debug your code. Experienced staff are there to solve your problems and teach you how to walk by yourself. I ended up loving coding so much that I changed my life’s goal to become a full time programmer. After the bootcamp you will enter in Le Wagon community and be able to get in touch with alumni who became experts in many fields. This is priceless !Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon bootcamp was an incredible experience. At the beginning I just wanted to better understand coding to be able to discuss with developers. Through the bootcamp I realized I could even build my own mvp for the company I planned to build. The skills... Read More I learnt are now very useful in my everyday life, a new card to play in the tech ecosystem. The human experience was also outstanding! I met true friends in my class, a great way to meet people with different backgrounds, different stories, and same tech interest.I highly recommend this training! AugustinRead Less",le-wagon
"Not knowing exactly what I wanted to do after school, I went to study law for 4 years at La Sorbonne. I was really interested in it but felt that creativity was missing in that field. Moreover, I was passionate about new technologies and had the dream... Read More of one day starting my own business. I was always getting new project ideas but didn't know how to make them live. I had tried to get in touch with developers, but without any knowledge in tech, I had little legitimacy and it was tough to convince them in joining my projects.After going to many tech workshops and meetups, I heard of Le Wagon which sounded like the exact solution to my pain. At first, I was scared I would not be good enough to follow their program, because I had stopped studying maths for a few years. But I decided to give it a go anyway.The training was fast-paced and required full involvement, the one that makes you feel you're pushing your brain to its limits! However hard it was, it was really worth it as for every minute spent there, I knew I was learning so much and getting real actionable skills that would enable me to create web products on my own. I felt as if I was getting magic powers!On another level, it is also a place where I got to mingle with creative and motivated people who then became great friends.As a result, I'm really thankful to Le Wagon as it helped me to make the switch to a new industry which better suits me.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before doing the course at Le Wagon I was working as a carpenter, although it wasn't what I wanted to do long term. I wasn't really sure what to do but I started doing coding in my spare time which I enjoyed, and it made me want to learn more so I decided... Read More to sign up to Le Wagon. I've never really liked formal education (I dropped out of university two years ago), but I greatly enjoyed the course. I learned more than I ever thought I would. The enthusiasm and helpfulness of the TAs was inspiring and the atmosphere was lively, with everyone being very keen to learn. The buddy system was great as it meant that we could all get to know each other and progress at a similar rate.I particularly enjoyed working on projects in the final weeks where I put the skills I'd learned into practice with three others and made a fully functioning website. It was difficult, as was all of Le Wagon, but achievable and I enjoyed making progress and cementing my skills in this way. I would wholeheartedly recommend this course to anyone who's even slightly interested in learning to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"Everyone asks me - was it worth it? Did you enjoy it? Not too difficult or too boring? My answer is always - it was simply one of the best decisions I've made in my life. After spending several years as a category manager in a big international corporation... Read More I realized it's high time for a change. I felt a strong need to learn something new and get into a new environment, gain independence and the ability to create something useful from scratch. I considered several possibilities and realized that programming might be worth trying. Le Wagon bootcamp seemed like the perfect solution as they said you don't need any previous coding experience, guaranteed a comprehensive program that would give me a strong basis for a new career as a programmer and simply looked like a cool and passionate group of people. How were the 9 weeks? Crazy! Le Wagon delivered what they promised - the bootcamp gave us a great introduction to the coding universe, going step by step from the foundation through advanced concepts. And I won't lie - it was an incredibly demanding time. However thanks to our own motivation and full support from an amazing team of teachers we managed to become fluent in Ruby on Rails, manage databases, create beautiful front end and the thing of utmost importance - create our own products! Last three weeks of the bootcamp taught us how to work in teams while working on our applications which is super important before making your first steps as a Junior Developer. We learned how to compromise, split tasks, work on GitHub and last but not least - communicate! Le Wagon gives you the skills. But the invaluable advantage is also the worldwide community that you join - amazing, helpful people with experience they are happy to share. Yes. One of the best decisions in my life :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always dreamed of being an entrepreneur and realizing my own projects.Business ideas come to me often and I have always known that the way to achieving them was to become a fullstack developper.If this speaks to you, look no further. I've gotten... Read More so much more out of le wagon then just learning how to code. In the course of our 9 weeks we were taken by seasoned veterans through every process of a products creation. From the imagination, to the design, the feasibility study, the conception, the realization and finally the pitch of the product.Leaving the bootcamp I felt like I had all the right tools to put my ideas into products.I cannot speak for everyone, but suffice to say; the bootcamp is well recognized. The week after the bootcamp I was hired by someone inside the network not only for my coding skills, but because I had mastered every step of a product's lifecycle and they were launching a new product; it's everything I could dream of. I can live at my own rythm in a great environment.If you are looking for a new journey or a great learning experience, are willing to work hard (yes, hard work is required to get the most out of the experience!) then you'll have a blast at le wagon!Thank you le wagonRead Less",le-wagon
"Prior to Le Wagon I was in a position where I’m sure many people in their lives have been. Although I was living in beautiful sunny southern California, engaged to my best friend and making a pretty decent salary I wasn’t as happy as I could be. Why?... Read More My job. It sucked, I hated it, I was SO incredibly bored. Unless you’re lucky enough to have the means not to work, the majority of us will spend most of waking hours at our jobs. It took me a longer than I would have liked to realize that your job is more than bringing home the bacon. This is why I decided to take the plunge with Le Wagon. I was trying to learn to code on my own, between my job and everything else life throws at you, it becomes very difficult to find the time and learn effectively. I even managed to earn an Associates degree online in programming but I still felt I didn’t learn nearly enough.In May 2018, I commited to Le Wagon’s July Cohort, the in June I quit my job(yikes!) and showed up in London from Los Angeles 5 days before the start date. The first day of the cohort, while still feeling the jetlag, I had the pleasure of meeting 39 other motivated classmates as well as the many wonderful teachers. They didn’t waste any time, we hit the ground running from day one. It was quite daunting, all the information thrown at you the first week, but by the end of the week I was amazed how much I had already learned. Le Wagon’s stack covered a variety of topics including Ruby on Rails, Javascript, CSS, HTML and CSS, not to mention all the other little things we learned along the way. As every week passed I was blown away how much you can accomplish. It was amazing to see by the end of the course what my classmates and I had built.Looking back, I am blown away by the final projects everyone had built. I had learned so much in 9 weeks, exponentially more than I had trying to code by myself for almost a year. I had such a blast in my weeks at Le Wagon, everyone was a pleasure to be around. Each weekend the teachers and staff put on events for the students and it was always a great time. It’s more than just going to a school or course, these people become your family for 9 weeks. If you’re reading this and on the fence about doing Le Wagon’s program, my advice to you is to go for it, you won’t regret it. The only thing I regret is not doing it sooner, it was one of the best experiences of my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon enabled me to change my lifeAfter spending 4 years in an engineering school, trained the old-fashioned way on the hierarchical, administrative and industrial plan, I took on a project that was important to me: web development. I learnt about... Read More Le Wagon while I was chatting with my family and web developers, and the concept of a fast-paced and professionalizing training program, tackling all modern startups’ best practices immediately appealed to me.The 2-month program is both very long, because of all there is to learn, on various tech tools and programming languages, and very short, due to countless meetings, opportunities and achievements.Throughout the program, there is constant support, mutual aid Is present, and teaching methods are multiplied. Le Wagon is a distinct mindset and a school like no other.Today, 2 weeks after the end of the bootcamp, I already got in touch with a lot of tech companies in Paris, received full-time job offers, and I am now able to develop my personal web projects on my own.I would recommend Le Wagon to all the people who are eager to go into web development, even if they don’t know anything about programming - as most candidates don’t - but all of them got out of this experience with concrete web apps and an ability to work in the digital world.Read Less",le-wagon
"Attending the 9-week coding bootcamp at Le Wagon Paris was one of my most inspiring life experiences. After finishing a Bachelor in Business Administration, I decided to take some time off in order to get real world experience before continuing my studies.... Read More I did a few internships but felt like I needed to learn something more practical and wanted to challenge myself. That’s when I decided to sign up to le Wagon. The program is very intense but the curriculum is really well structured. The first three weeks you learn the basics of Ruby, followed by HTML, CSS, JavaScript and finally the Rails framework. The last three weeks are dedicated to two projects built in groups and the final project is presented at the demo day. These projects are incredibly useful as they allow you not only to apply everything you have previously learned to a real life business idea but also to keep learning from your team members and explore some parts of the curriculum more in depths. I am truly impressed to see how much we were able to learn in only 9 weeks! This was only possible due to the incredible teachers at le Wagon. They are doing such an outstanding job at teaching the complexity of web development to complete beginners whilst still making it challenging for more advanced coders. Teachers and staff are always available, patient and motivated to help! But what also makes le Wagon so memorable is its community. I had the opportunity to meet and build relationships with truly inspiring people from all ages &amp; backgrounds. Every week we took part in different kinds of evening activities, workshops, career-related events and conferences that undoubtedly helped me develop my professional goals. I have recently started my masters at ESCP Europe and will be searching for an internship in Product Management, as I would like to work with web developers in the future. I am also developing my own projects on the side. I would say that le Wagon was definitely an unforgettable experience! Thank you!Read Less",le-wagon
I just finished Le Wagon bootcamp in Paris. I really enjoyed it and here is a detailed review I wrote about it (in French only sorry) : https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/bilan-de-mon-aventure-au-wagon-eric-foucault/,le-wagon
"After finishing my law degree I decided to fulfil my desire to learn web development. After coming from a background with no knowledge of coding, the Le Wagon team quickly helped me learn all the necessary tools to build end-to-end web applications. The... Read More course goes by extremely quickly but you learn more than just the technical side of coding. You learn how to plan, manage and pitch a project. There is a strong emphasis on learning to code as a pair and in small teams. Everyday there are new challenges and exciting parts of coding to learn. All the teachers and assistants were extremely helpful at guiding your learning. I would definitely recommend the course to anyone who is even remotely interested in learning web development, it is an incredible course where you will surprise yourself about how much you can learn!Read Less",le-wagon
"After working in tech startups for a number of years, I really wanted to become more technologically savvy so that I could better work with product teams, find ways to optimize my day to day work, as well as speak intelligently about products/features... Read More with customers. Additionally, a dream of mine has been to start a company one day, and I wanted to be in a position where I could create MVPs for my startup ideas.Most coding bootcamps teach you how to code, but Le Wagon teaches you how to use code to build products. They teach you to qualify, prototype, user-test, and develop your ideas. Le Wagon gives you the skills to be an entrepreneur as well as a programmer.The thing that I'll miss the most is the day to day grind of learning new things. For the first six weeks, you're drinking from the fire hose and learning new coding concepts daily.Although challenging, very few things are as satisfying as learning a something new in the morning, struggling with it throughout the day, and then getting a green terminal (passing the challenge tests 100%) by the afternoon. And I loved Barcelona. Amazing culture, people, and tapas :). For me, it was the perfect place to learn to program.Bite the bullet. 20 years from now, I doubt you'll regret going to school to become technologically literate. Le Wagon will teach you to be a developer, but if you decide to go a different route (entrepreneurship, freelancing, product management, etc.), you'll have a skillset that is going to differentiate you.Read Less",le-wagon
"After my final internship in a Web agency as a Business developper (commercial), I was frustrated to be the one who speaks about digital stuffs, but, in reality, doesn’t know how it works.As I was graduated, I decided, before looking for a new job, to... Read More learn a little bit more about programming language by myself.I quickly decided to join the bootcamp offered by the Wagon. One of my old colleagues told me about her extraordinary experience at Le Wagon. As the program was perfect for me (short but intense), I've just said : “Ok, let’s go !“.No regrets ! The bootcamp was amazing ! It’s impressive how much valuable things you’re able to learn in such a short time. Once more, I’ve met incredible people, Thanks Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was a truly challenging but wholly rewarding experience. Over the course of two months I was taken from an absolute novice, to a capable and cognisant junior developer. By the end of the course I was not only able to code in multiple Frontend... Read More and Backend languages but I was able to identify areas of interest and languages that I wanted to investigate. The bootcamp has provided a solid and well-formed foundation upon which I can build my own career. Coming from an Education and Fine Art professional background, my knowledge of computers was limited. The Teachers and TAs of Le Wagon Berlin worked hard to ensure that all students got the help they needed, able to differentiate those with a history in coding, and those fresh to the craft. Daily Extension Tasks pushed those with more experience, while clear instructions, comprehensive lectures and online resources, built-in testing, and an efficient and effective ticketing system meant that anyone who needed help could readily find it. However the teaching was not limited to the Teachers and TAs, I found that I learnt the most from my buddy. The buddy system pairs you with a different classmate each day, allowing you to share your strengths, and learn from each other, all the while becoming great mates with the people in your bootcamp.The bootcamp also runs on a rotating system of Teachers and TAs meaning that there were always new, fresh experts to learn from. We were taught by Industry Professionals from around the world. The TAs, all of whom are recent graduates, we capable at assisting us but I found them most valuable in empathising with our struggles. Having recently been through the bootcamp, the TAs were excellent at assuaging our stresses and getting us over whatever hurdles we were facing. Morning Lectures and Afternoon Livecodes, meant that you were always pushed to learn and try new techniques. And it was this intensity that enabled so much learning to take place in such a short span of time.Over the course of the two months I built several functioning applications, some of which are live and online today. Being able to code a fully functioning web application from nothing seemed so foreign before Le Wagon, now it is not only a reality, but a pleasure. These skills cater to all types of people. From the truly creative, to the lovers of problem-solving, my classmates were wide ranging, highly analytical and highly artistic. Coding allows you to engage all parts of your brain, and Le Wagon helped us to understand code.This course will teach you how to code. But it also teaches you how to develop a User Journey, how to Pitch a Product, how to Work as a Team. Le Wagon is a holistic learning experience that I would recommend to anyone interested in gaining more knowledge about the coding and tech world.Read Less",le-wagon
"Although there was a good environment in the class, I felt the class had too many students. I strongly believe that having a total of 26 students in super-fast learning process is not desirable and can even compromise the learning experience. In fact,... Read More I felt some teachers were unable to ensure that all students were keeping up the class pace. Other issue that I think needs to be improved is the high level of teachers and TAs rotation. This process does not allow teachers and TA to know students well enough, that is, this rotation aligned with the big number of students makes difficult for professors to identify the main weaknesses of each student and, therefore offer proper help.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from law school, I felt that the legal world and the real world was really disconnected. The legal environment hadn’t at all kept up to speed with the technological advances. I wanted to acquire the tools to be able to change this. After... Read More doing some research on coding bootcamps I soon discovered le Wagon as a leader in the market. I was surprised to see so many ratings, all excellent, which made me comfortable in my choice. The courses are not like regular school courses like we know them from university. The day starts with 1,5 h of lecture, and then you code all day in teams of two. This means they have a real learning-by-doing approach, which I believe is a very efficient one. Of course, you are surrounded by helpful teachers if you have any questions. The pace is very intensive, and I think what you get out of the course really depends on what knowledge you have when you start. For my sake, I was a total ‘noob’, and I found some courses really challenging. However, I think this also relies on whether or not you do all of your prep work (which I wasn’t able to since I registered only 5 days before the course started). But the Wagon is not only about the courses. It’s one big loving family, which organize various events every week; from yoga to presentations by start-ups. They are very involved in each student, and are genuinely interested in you and how they can help you. The people who work there are devoted to give you the best experience possible. I am sincerely happy about my Wagon experience, it has allowed me to get the basic knowledge of coding. This is a course for someone who wants to get a maximum of information in a minimum of time. So, brace yourself for an intensive – but real fun – experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon makes people deeply driven. During these two months my self-confidence has skyrocketed, first you realize the extent of what you are going to achieve, it’s scary and exciting, second you understand how good the program, the teachers and the solidarity... Read More are. So all along your mind and your body give everything. At the end you know how to create a complex website that needs database, design and “backend” code so that customer-action are broad. More, you become a driven developer so you believe you can do what you want. After the bootcamp you keep learning, but this time it’s different you have the logic, the power and the speed of a developer. Finally what you will really remember is the human part of this adventure, inside the classroom and outside, you discover people as intensely as you learn code - the Wagon leaves you not alone. Some of your fellows become friends, plus you share a mindset with all a community that keeps helping each other and working together. I did a great achievement for my career, I know how to create my web application to start my entrepreneurship goal.Read Less",le-wagon
"I did Le Wagon in Lille during summer. It was an amazing experience that I recommend to anyone who would like to learn Web programmation!After a first entrepreneurial experience, I really wanted to better know and understand the technical side of a project.... Read More That's why I wanted to lean how to code.We spent 2 months working hard but in a very positive atmosphere. Every day, I woke up knowing I will learn a new thing and enjoying that with all the other students. I really loved the overall program and the way it is designed. In two months, you learn to code but you especially learn to learn from scratch and to better yourself in teams. The teachers in Lille are all very nice, competent and patient. They really loved teaching and share there knowledge. I never touched a terminal of my life. Now, I am able to code from A to Z a Web app such as a marketplace or a flight comparator that was our final project. I have also a much better understanding of Web development and its problematics. I am totally convinced about it gives a big advantage for working as a digital project manager or consultant in a company or for experiencing entrepreneurship. I also know people who are going to start a career as a Web developer after doing Le Wagon.One more thing, what it is very interesting in this coding bootcamp is that you learn how to code but with a product-oriented and startup vision. The goal is not to become a genius in programmation in only two months but to develop a Web app quickly paying attention to the user experience and enjoying that.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon was a life changing experience to me. Prior to joining Le Wagon, I was a 2nd year Law student. I intend to complete my degree this year and to use the available resources and what I learned at Le Wagon to build a career in coding. The Le Wagon... Read More coding bootcamp taught me more than my 2 years at university. I had such an amazing and challenging experience this summer. I met so many awesome people, who I enjoyed working and learning from. During the last 2 weeks of the bootcamp, in a team of 4 we’ve built a very cool project, Polyglot which is a video and chat website with live translations. Le Wagon was probably one of the best experiences in my life, I am so glad to be part of the Le Wagon family.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon, I was feeling a bit lost about what I was doing in my career. I spent my early twenties working in office administration and pubs and back again - all the while, fitting in my free hours on free coding lessons on the internet.... Read More As much as I gained a passable amount of HTML and CSS from these, I found I was creeping at a turtles pace in my web developer knowledge. All the more, it was a bit of a lonely experience doing this by myself. I knew barely anyone who was in the same industry, let alone was in the same path as myself.So in April 2018 I joined Le Wagon’s nine-week course. What I noticed from the first day was that there was a truly diverse mix of backgrounds. Those on a break from university, those who dreamt of building their own product and some who were just excited by programming languages but it a lot to take going alone.In the first couple of days I realised that I was being challenged in ways I had never had before. Stripped down to the bare bones of programming and we were learning data types and we could use them in real code. The interface built on Kitt is an encyclopaedia of knowledge, the lectures, notes and challenges all being readily available meant that even if I didn’t fully understand some of the concepts I could refresh on them that night or after the course had finished.By the last two weeks we were ready to design and develop our own product from scratch, using everything we had learnt in the previous seven weeks. It was the closest we had to working in a real working environment with code reviewing and keeping to deadlines. We were able to present these to our peers and friends on a demo night on the last day of the course.There’s a real community hub at Le Wagon, right from the lecturers and teaching assistants explaining terms to us on an individual basis to current students and alumni from all over the world. With everyone having different goals they wanted to achieve after the course, it was brilliant to have the support from students-turned-friends who wanted to see our careers springboard after we finished the course. It was a real confidence boost to feel comfortable learning new skills by myself and applying for developer roles after just nine weeks. I just wish I could do it all over again.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you thought that ""change your life, learn how to code"" was just an exaggeration they are using to bait you in, you are WRONG... I've been to Le Wagon Milan, the teachers were really helpful, skilled and passionate about what they are doing.The course... Read More is really intense and you need to really be motivated before joining this program, but your will is high, then you'll be more than happy about this decision you are making.I found a job straight after the Bootcamp and all I can tell you, is that you need to apply to this Bootcamp if you really want to step into the web development industryRead Less",le-wagon
"My experience at Le Wagon Melbourne was exactly what I wanted from a Bootcamp. It is an intense 9 weeks of learning and I wouldn’t have changed one bit. I had a little experience with learning to code with some online resources for a couple of months... Read More prior, but I quickly overtook my comfort zone and was learning in leaps and bounds. I loved the practicality of the course focusing on the real world and even working out of a coworking space ingrained the tech start-up world. So glad I took the plunge with Le Wagon and am know apart of their support network as an alumnus.Read Less",le-wagon
"I come from a Media &amp; Communication background and I got to the point where I wanted to learn some new skills and bring them up to a new level. As Barcelona is probably the best location right now for the fast-paced evolution of information technology... Read More I decided to sign up for Le Wagon here, expecting to work within the area as a Full Stack developer. My goal was to bring my tech ideas to life in the next future. I chose Le Wagon because it's not only a coding academy, it's a school for entrepreneurs. It has been the place where I could develop a different set of skills in different fields and where I had the chance to build an actual product.The experience at Le Wagon has been an amazing, exciting and very fast-paced journey. During such time I've levelled up my knowledge of programming, going from basic knowledge of the Ruby and Ruby on Rails languages to developing, deploying and launching my very first app. Thanks to the the bright-minded and very high skilled individuals who were teaching, driving and supporting me I have seen this process through from ideation to design, coding to developing, deploying to launching and the skills I have picked up along the way will be invaluable in my deep journey into Software Engineering.I would like to thank Le Wagon and Gus plus all the people that made this possible, the folks I have made friends with along the way for making the experience unforgettable. This field is collaborative above anything else, and working and studying along-side amazing, like-minded developers from a range of ages and backgrounds has been inspiring. Plus, Barcelona is just beautiful, it's a kind of magic city as it has lots to offer.I would highly recommend anybody to join Le Wagon because it's a place where any ambitious individual will come up a full-shaped developer with an entrepreneurial mind-set.Read Less",le-wagon
"I found Le Wagon - Rio de Janeiro by chance one day, I was unhappy with my career and wanted to make a change. I had been studying web development on my own for a little while but with my work and family obligations it was hard to make any real headway.... Read More I started looking at bootcamps and while looking through reviews I happened upon Le Wagon - Rio de Janeiro. It was almost unbelievable to find such a highly rated course and at a affordable price. I was skeptical at first but since they had a course in a city where I had contacts that I trust I had them go check it out. They were so impressed with the course I went for it and I can honestly say it was one of the best experiences of my life. From day one I knew I had made the right choice, the material moves fast and you have to be willing to put in the work. The day starts with a lecture at 9 and from 1030 until 530 you work on challenges and projects. You work with a different partner everyday which is one of the best parts, its great having someone right there going through it with you and who you can talk through problems with. When neither of you are able to come up with a solution, you have teachers who are there to guide you to a solution. The teachers are great at getting you going in the right direction whether that is pointing you towards the documentation or just being someone that you bounce ideas off of until you have that ahh moment. from 530 till 7 you have a live code session where you have problems that you have not seen yet and you code in front of the class. This can be pretty intimidating but, it really helps you reinforce what you learned and helps you figure out how to work through problems under pressure. The course has a great focus towards entrepreneurship and there is a great amount of support available after the course through there alumni slack channel. The channel is super active and you can always find someone to help you. The channel also has a very active job channel as well, which is good if that is what you are looking for after the bootcamp. I just wish with the course was longer, not because you need to learn more, honestly its amazing at how much you can do by the end of the 9 weeks. I wish the course was longer just because it was so enjoyable, it keeps you outside your comfort zone everyday. You are surrounded by amazing people going through the same thing as you and the teachers have some of the best patience I have ever seen.Read Less",le-wagon
"Pros:- great atmosphere (current + former students, teachers, staff);- international community (peers, alumni);- fosters networking;- a few really good teachers;- full-stack program (Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, database - SQLite);- some workshops... Read More / talks after coding day;Cons:- screening process wasn't good. They didn't go deep into understanding the motivation and expectation from some of the candidates, which has generated frustration for some students. I felt a lack of ""expectations alignment"" between candidate and Le Wagon personnel;- some of the main teachers were prepared for being on that role. They have the technical knoowledge, but lacked teaching/communication skills;- some of the assistant teachers were not well prepared or had enough knowledge to thoroughly support the students on the last two weeks of the bootcamp (final project days);- the fast pace of a bootcamp IS NOT for every one (included me), but I had been convinced of the opposite;- infrastructure of the building: we stayed without air conditioning for more than 3 weeks (during Lisbon summer) at the main area where students would spend more than 5 hours per day coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 8 years playing poker professionally and having just turned 30, i was in a hurry to find something else to do with my life until a friend suggested code and Le Wagon to me.It was such an amazing life experience. The way they pushed me to learn,... Read More it was just what i needed to start a new chapter in my life.Great friendly environment, teachers always willing to help and the opportunity to build a project from scratch is the perfect way to learn how things work.I'm sure i will remember those 9 weeks for the rest of my life and i will always be grateful for it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came to Le Wagon through a friend's recommendation. I remember when he heard about it, then decided to do it, and later told me his experience. It was all so amazing, I thought he was exaggerating. He really wasn't.Le Wagon was everything he told me... Read More about and more. I was a designer and now, a little more than two months later, I am a web developer.I've been fascinated with computers for almost my whole life. And my whole life I've steered a wide path from it because people tend to put us in little boxes and, as much as I loved science and was super curious, I ended up in the creative-artsy box. While I was growing up, I was somehow led to believe there creative-artsy people were not cut out for technical jobs. So I didn't even try. It took thirty years, a lot of courage and a deeper understanding of multidisciplinary skills to finally question that and boy, oh boy, how wrong could I be.Because of the structure of the course and because it's so intense, there's not much time to waste. Don't get me wrong, we love to party and there's plenty of beers to be had, but that's usually after a really hard day's work. You get from a ""never coded before"" level to a ""coding all day everyday"" really fast and it's really fascinating to go through, and watch such a diverse group of people go through it with you. I could not be more pleased with the didactics and the pace of the bootcamp. It is really intense and it is really hard. For me at least, that had no prior knowledge and no prior experience with actual coding (or anything tech-related, for that matter), everyday was a struggle. But as much as I struggled, the sense of accomplishment was that much greater when I could finally figure things out.A lot of times I couldn't actually, not by myself, and that's fine. The buddy system and the T.A's were really helpful in this aspect. They really do guide you in the right path and you feel really stupid sometimes because once they point the direction out to you, solving a challenge actually seems really simple. And next thing you know you ask for help and figure it out even before they have a chance to explain it to you and you just go ""oh, never mind, i got it!"".I think even if the bootcamp was just lectures and challenges I would have learned a lot. But nothing compares to the last three weeks. You actually get to work, as a group, on a Airbnb clone and on our own project and that is the game-changer: because collaborating on a group effort is hard, and that's what the market is all about. That was even more important than learning to code, for me. Learning to work around other people's code, to improve it, to correct it, to have my own code improved and corrected, to solve conflicts and elusive bugs. I cannot believe we got to design a product from idea to fully functional in 10 days, but hey, such is life aboard the Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came to learn to code and understand the web development. And I'm plenty contented! Teachers, support and contents are really qualitative.",le-wagon
"At the end of 2017 – at the dawn of turning 30 - I decided it was time to move on from my employed life and finally do something I have always wanted to do : launching my own start up and developing an online product which could have impact on people... Read More lives. First issue : I did not have money to get my product developed by someone else, it was time to learn how to code and of course I chose the best bootcamp to do so : Le Wagon Paris.9 weeks to be able to start coding my own web product, starting level 0 - quite a big challenge ! It was intense but the team is just incredible and does everything to make sure you keep the pace and a good energy. I graduated 6 months ago, my MVP is today over and I have my first customers on it ! I did everything by myself, now that I look back I’m quite proud – 8 months ago I did not know what coding was. Without Le Wagon – my idea would still be in my thoughts – thank you for allowing people to keep the digital revolution growing!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have attended Le Wagon Bali this summer and now I can safely say enrolling in the Le Wagon bootcamp was one of the best decisions that I made.Prior to attending the bootcamp I have worked for a large IT consultancy but more on the project management... Read More side however as I was really interested in the digital side I always wanted to learn coding but I never seemed to be able to find enough time and motivation to do it on my own using online resources.Originally I considered doing a computer science masters however having a full time job, the time and costs involved in completing a masters degree made it not a feasible option. Therefore the bootcamp seemed like a good alternative as I was able to take some time off to attend the bootcamp without having to give up my job completely.I choose Bali as I always wanted to visit it and thought that by attending the bootcamp there I would be able to explore Bali as well. Choosing Bali was definitely the right decision as I was far away from home (London). I didn’t have to worry about life admin or other commitments (which I would have had if I would have done the bootcamp back at home) meant that I was able to fully focus on learning and making the most of the bootcamp.The bootcamp was very intense (usually classes would start at 9 and end around 6:30, some weeks we would study 6 days a week). The first few weeks were especially tough as we covered a lot of different topics in a relatively short period of time however being surrounded by supportive teachers and equally motivated classmates really made this an enjoyable experience. Every day was well structured, it consisted of lectures and practical exercises. Probably the most fun part of the bootcamp was the project weeks during these weeks everything that we have learnt in the first 6 weeks really came together as we got to work in teams and build apps based on our own ideas.In addition to the learning, the bootcamp had a great social side as most of the classmates in my batch were not from Bali and came here on their own, everybody was keen to get to know each other, socialise and do things in the evenings and explore other parts of Bali on days off.Overall I cannot recommend Le Wagon Bali highly enough, I have learnt so much, met many amazing people, had a very enjoyable experience and got to live it Bali for 2 months!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was involved in different startups as a project manager and I always struggled to understand developers. So I thought it was time for me to finally learn their ""language"".What seduced me the most about Le Wagon was that I had the possibility to build... Read More an MVP during the batch and also the huge community of talented people (perfect to find collaborators with same background).After the intensive 9 weeks, I can say that I fully reached my goals. I came to Le Wagon Barcelona to find a team and build a real product and the result was better than expected! During the last two weeks of the program, we built Nokues - a mobile solution to skip the lines in clubs, restaurants and supermarkets. We fully coded the MVP in 10 days and it's ready to be tested. Now we are working to bring it to the market very soon! As my son said when he came to visit me one day to Le Wagon: ""Daddy, this is the best job of the world"".Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always considered learning code. Coming from a totally different background, the transition was not easy. I had to overcome many personal fears : Is it the right move? Will I be able to keep up with the algorithms? Will I be rigorous enough? I... Read More remember trying to learn all by myself on different e-learning platforms but it did not really work out. When I joined Le Wagon I was delighted. I immediately felt like it was the right bootcamp for me : product oriented. Something tangible to learn something totally new. The first few weeks were quite confusing as my mind was saturated with brand new words and concepts: functions, models, controllers, views, databases… But I eventually started to like it thanks to the outstanding teaching team! A whole new world was opening its doors. After graduating from Le Wagon I started working as a freelance developer right away. I partnered with another alumni (hi Franklin) and it surely helped to start this new journey. Le Wagon does not only give you technical skills, it is also a dope spot to meet cool people! I am now fully enjoying my freelancer status as I can work from wherever I like, build cool products and meet inspiring entrepreneurs! I am also still improving my development skills, because obviously it is never done. I can now admit it and say it out loud, it was the best decision EVER and TOTALLY worth it!Read Less",le-wagon
"8 years after graduating from a business school I believed it was time to learn something new, to stop the never ending daily routine at work, and get some new skills. I wanted to learn how to code to be able to lauch my Minimum Viable Product. So I can... Read More turn a nice idea into something real, to actually test it, to overcome the fear that I am not legitimate to build something. Le Wagon empowered me in an incredible way, I learnt how to code, I spent an amazing time. If you think about it, and you can take the time, then just do it, do not overthink, it is the best way to spend your money and your time. Now I even discovered that I love to share what I learnt, by being an teaching assistant for the new students, just 3 months after I completed my course. Go for it !Read Less",le-wagon
"Pros: Product Oriented, Teachers, Quantity of infos, Very caring TeamCons: Very Intensive, fatiguing, Too short :(On July 1st, I started the program in Le Wagon TEL AVIV. It was around 9am. I was a bit scared bootcamp as 9h a day 5 days a week for 9 weeks... Read More seemed a little too extreme, f.... my life . The first day was chill. The moment I met the people, the team, all my apprehensions disappeared. You feel the intensity of the bootcamp immediately in the morning lecture and after setup, you spend the rest of the day coding! I learn Computer Science at university and I have never coded so much in my life! So the program is really clear: you start with the basics of ruby, after that OOP, some SQL for the backend and boom! Frontend, HTML/CSS and JS etc. The transitions are hard but they work. At this moment you'll realise who is good at Frontend and who is not ... Unfortunately (or not) I'm a Backend guy :) The second part of the program (final 3 weeks) is project-oriented. We work on 2 projects in total. My big project was an iPad web app for kids, incentivising them to read more books. We were a team of 3 and worked our asses off for this app. In the end you'll realise how much fatigue you accumulate!Overall it was a life-changing experience and I loved every part of it !!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a student in the batch #100 in Paris after finishing my business studies at ESCP Europe. After having graduated, I felt I had to acquire more technical skills (understand : learn to code). I knew about Le Wagon from an alumni from my school. So... Read More I decided to try my luck … And I was pretty amazed by my time there !During my 9 weeks there I really appreciated the way code is taught. On a typical day there is 2 hours of class and the rest of the day is spent doing exercices with another student. You never work alone at Le Wagon. Most of the progress is made during those exercices, by cooperating with your buddy.But what I enjoyed the most is the general philosophy. I really felt like nothing was impossible to learn. On the first day, most of us had never opened the terminal, and 9 weeks later we designed and coded an entire website including a pretty complex backend and beautiful frontend. When I face a problem I have never seen, I am able to tackle it by myslef. I am now working at Backmarket as a Product Owner, a job I would have not been able to do without Le Wagon. Thank you so much, it was some of the most exciting weeks of my life !Read Less",le-wagon
"It took me some time to realize how working in a job which I didn’t enjoy was sucking the energy out of my life. Finally, I decided to do something about it. As a follower of blockchain projects &amp; crypto I saw how these new technologies are making their... Read More way to build decentralized/ distributed applications that can disrupt many industries. They are building the next internet and I want to be part of it. So, I decided to start coding. Coding has always been an exciting idea to me but I didn’t want to go through 2-4 years of college to start.After some online research I found out about the Le Wagon bootcamp. An intense full-stack program for two months. The program seemed well organized and complete. At this point I was already hooked but wait... I needed to read some reviews first. So, I came across SwitchUp and Course Report, carefully read some reviews and discovered all of them are 5-stars! Wow! I checked other reviews on the web and almost all of them are 5-stars too. It was too good to be true.Fast forward… it’s totally true!Le Wagon offers their bootcamp in many cities around the world. I chose to take it in Bali, Indonesia. And what an excellent choice it was. Bali is known as a place for a holiday. However, the program was intense and requires commitment from its students so don’t expect a vacation. Bali is a beautiful tropical island, everything is nice, the weather, the food (especially for vegetarians) and most importantly the people are super friendly. Plus, you get to enjoy your “little” free time with different activities the island has to offer (surfing, yoga, hiking, etc.).We started the program by learning Ruby and gone through databases, HTML, CSS, JS, Ajax, API’s, Git &amp; Github and finally we (I and my team) built our app using Rails. After the morning lecture we solved multiple challenges using Le Wagon’s platform. This is one of the best things about the program, you learn by doing. While you are on the exercises you’ll get any help or info you need from the teachers. And then we wrapped up the day with a live coding session where we solved a challenge that summarizes the day together with the teacher.The program was so intense and so rewarding at the same time. We were 25 students in batch 163 from 14 different countries! Everyone had a different background but all of us shared the same enthusiasm for learning this new skill. The manager of the camp and the staff were so nice and helpful. They took very good care of us before and during the bootcamp. Also, we had great teachers and TA’s, both knowledgeable and very helpful. You’ll be surrounded by people who will encourage you to give your best.In Le Wagon I didn’t only learn how to code, I got to challenge myself, I got to know amazing people, I made new friendships, I discovered new places. Without a doubt, this is one the best experiences of my whole life.Read Less",le-wagon
"After obtaining a degree in Electrical Engineering and being uninterested in the field I discovered that coding was much more fun. I have 1.5 years of professional experience in Rails but this was self taught and I felt like a bootcamp would fill in the... Read More blanks. Additionally I was lacking front-end skills. Thus I wanted to get even better! I applied to Le Wagon Barcelona because I wanted to live in a country/city I've never lived in.I loved the program, methodology, teachers and the environment. But if I had to choose one, I think all the teachers did an outstanding job teaching the material in such a short amount of time.Apart from coding, I learned what is required to be a team lead/teacher. I have a lot to work on to be a good TL but I've definitely taken steps toward that goal.At the end of the bootcamp, I developed SWAPP, a social mobile app to allow you to offer skills to others, while receiving skills in return. Now I'm gonna move to Vancouver to join and look for a remote job. This way I'll be able to travel while still having a source of income. My advice if you're considering Le Wagon: be serious on day 1 and attend all the lectures. Even if I already knew 60% of the information being taught, there was still that 40% that helped me deepen my understanding.I loved the program, methodology, teachers and the environment. But if I had to choose one, I think all the teachers did an outstanding job teaching the material in such a short amount of time.Apart from coding, I learned what is required to be a team lead/teacher. I have a lot to work on to be a good TL but I've definitely taken steps toward that goal.At the end of the bootcamp, I developed SWAPP, a social mobile app to allow you to offer skills to others, while receiving skills in return. Now I'm gonna move to Vancouver to join and look for a remote job. This way I'll be able to travel while still having a source of income. My advice if you're considering Le Wagon: be serious on day 1 and attend all the lectures. Even if I already knew 60% of the information being taught, there was still that 40% that helped me deepen my understanding.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've always wanted to create my own company and I saw a lot of opportunities in the digital world. I started working as a CEO assistant for an e-commerce website and I created an app. I instantly saw my technical limits. I had no experience in coding... Read More and I had to recruit developers, tell them what to do, and eventually estimate their work. It was just wrong, I was taking bad decisions and I was just not good at what I was doing. If you still don't get my point, it was like being an air traffic controller without knowing anything about planes, telling instructions on how to land safe to a guy you just suppose he's a real pilot, and the guy responds in a language you've never heard of. Le Wagon basically taught me how to recognize a real pilot, how to speak his language, and how to become a pilot. So far I can say it is the best decision I have made in my career. I finished in December and started freelancing mid-February as a web developer. Three days later I got my first mission and I never stopped getting missions ever since. I love what I do. I learn every day coding skills but also skills that could be useful if I want to open a business later on. I use my creativity, help clients, have the freedom to choose my projects, and I finally feel good at what I'm doing!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before attending Le Wagon Milano, I had high expectations from the bootcamp, but I was far from imagining how much I could learn in only 9 weeks.Even though I had some knowledge in programming, I was challenged from day 1. The whole journey is intensive,... Read More and everything is thought to offer the best learning experience to the students. The wide teaching staff allows to learn from many developers, with each member coming to teach his own area of expertise. The pair programming on small projects and challenges gives opportunities to think beyond solutions that each of us could have produced alone. The final project is a great hands-on experience to work in team as a developer.Moreover, Le Wagon taught me how to approach one problem as a developer, and how to figure out the way to solve it.Le Wagon’s bootcamp gives you all the tools to become a developer if you are ready to take them and work hard. I totally recommend !Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from a Business school and working for 5 years as a business developer and project manager for digital companies, I felt the need of understanding how all the digital magic happened. As my contract ended, I had some time ahead and heard... Read More great reviews from friends who had graduated from le wagon. I decided it was the right time to finally learn how websites and web apps are built, and perhaps discover a new profession, as I was quite unhappy with my job.These 9 weeks were very intense but so exhilirating ! At first, I couldn’t believe that we would be able at the end to build real products. But the teachers and the program enabled us to become real programmers.My experience was life changing: it gave me back confidence, with an amazing feeling of achievement when you finish your product; opened new career opportunities I hadn’t considered before, and enabled me to meet great and diverse people who also played a big part in my change of perspective.With all these new skills, I now have a 360 degrees profile in digital and consider creating my company of consulting in digital communication and brand strategy.Without le wagon, I would never have felt that I could create my own company. Not only did I learn incredible skills, but in such an open-minded and diverse environment, I became more confident, because I can also rely on the alumni and le wagon itself, which is an amazing asset.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came from a small consulting firm working with big industries. Although I found their issues very stimulating, I was looking for a new challenge where you can actually build something and be a part of a project. To do it short, I was looking to be more... Read More an entrepreneur.And to do so, I wanted to extend my programming skills. I have had several projects in the past where I always got stuck on my lack of technical skills. By chance, while listening to a podcast, I found the perfect bootcamp: not a bootcamp just to learn some technical skills but a bootcamp that gives you the right tools to create your entrepreneurial projects!This is, according to me, the success of this training: to give you a set of skills (and only the ones that will be useful) to launch a project.I have to admit another point that was a real surprise to me is their teaching methods (training platform, teachers support…) which is modern and very well designed. Last very important point, above all, the alumni community is very very active, you do not feel alone when the program is finished!To sum up, no regrets, lots of hope for the future!Read Less",le-wagon
"This a true coding bootcamp, really teaching you to learn how to code and bring life to your projects and apps.It can really make a difference when you want to kick-off your start-up project or find a job in the programmation space. Plus, the mentors,... Read More teachers and teaching assistant are all very skilled and very sociable, always helping and making you progress.Overall a superb experience that I recommend to everyone, even you don't necessarily aim at becoming a developer, it is more than just that.Read Less",le-wagon
"The Le Wagon bootcamp is a very intensive experience. If you like being challenged and solving problems, you will absolutely love it.Le Wagon's way of teaching content is very different from schools/universities in a really good way. They take a hands-on... Read More approach, focusing on less hours of teorical knowledge and more hours of practical challenges. Expect to spend 90% of the time coding. You must be aware that for you to take the most of this bootcamp, you must be fully commited to it. You shouldn't plan to work during the bootcamp. It's a fulltime course.This was my average daily schedule during the bootcamp: 07:40H - Wake Up09:00H - Morning Lecture11:00H - Its challenge time! Start doing the daily challenges with your designated pair of the day.12:30H - Lunch13:00H - Keep working on the challenges. If you manage to finish the mandatory ones, start doing the optional (The difficulty increases for each optional challenge. Its hard and very fun).17:00H - Live code - A special challenge of the day, coded by the entire class together.18:30H- End of the day. Le Wagon stays open until 23h. Some students go home, some students keep doing challenges. In my case, i stayed everyday until 23h, doing the extra challenges and studying. 23:00H - Time to home and rest.It is very demanding and very very rewarding. You will learn a lot, meet many interesting people from different backgrounds and develop a full project in the end along with teammates. If you are considering applying, go ahead and do it. It was the best learning experience of my life.Read Less",le-wagon
As aulas são muito bem estruturadas e precisas. Isso permite entender os fundamentos e principalmente executar os conceitos imediatamente. Eu realmente gostei o Batch# 158 com o staff sensacional.,le-wagon
"I was studying law and management, but after 5 years and a few internships, I realised that the lack of creativity was a huge problem for me.I began to interest myself in design, and then I heard of Le Wagon and decided to learn to code. It seemed to... Read More be a really complet bootcamp, where we focused on the practical aspects, and where we could acquire the skills to find a job quickly.And indeed, this 2 months were a real fun, combining logic and creativity and I really found out what to do with my life: code. We had the chance to work as teams and develop really cool projects, which was really enriching. Moreover, Barcelona was the ideal city to relax and go out after hard days of work, and the staff team was really niceRead Less",le-wagon
"I’ve been founding and managing businesses in various industries gathering insights from different parts of the business and yet, it seemed like something was missing. Every time my partners and I attempted to scale a business we got stuck as either no... Read More one in our team had sufficient technical skills to develop what we needed or it was too expensive to be outsourced.So I decided this will not stop me again in the future. I will quit my job, learn to code and become the successful entrepreneur I always wanted to be. Easier said than done… I did tons of research and finally came across Le Wagon's intense full stack web development bootcamp. I was hooked as soon as I saw the program: OOP, Ruby (fastest growing development community), Rails, HTML, CSS, JS, Ajax, API’s, DB (SQL, My SQL, PostGres), developing environments and collaboration tools (Git &amp; Github, Trello, Slack) and deployment (Heroku)… It looked insanely complete.Then I came across SwitchUp, and Le Wagon’s top score of 4.99 out of 5 (+600 reviews!!). Could this get any better? It did, I found out that they are in Bali. A week later I was already signed up and preparing for what I thought will be one of the greatest experience of my life. Some expectations, huh? I was part of Le Wagon Batch #163 in Bali and believe it or not it totally surpassed my expectations. Not only the program is as strong as they claim, teachers, fellow students (we were 25!) and manager were so incredibly nice and helpful which made my experience so much more rewarding.And you not only learn, you make! During the last weeks my team and I developed The Pool of Printables (www.thepoolofprintables.com), a platform that allows you to collectively raise money to get high quality 3D designs and boost the 3D printing community. We felt so proud making and presenting it on the final demo day!Bottom line, if your goal is similar to mine, to understand more about coding to boost your entrepreneurial and/ or managing skills and be able to code MVP’s, or if you aim to become a full stack developer, Le Wagon is the place for you. I loved the experience and I can’t recommend it enough.P.S.: the access to the Le Wagon community that you have during and after the bootcamp might be the biggest resource you don't have on your radar while looking for bootcamps. More than 3000 like-mined people helping with developments, finding jobs, freelance gigs, team-mates, co-founders… BOOM.Read Less",le-wagon
"After years of being stuck in a job and an industry I didn't enjoy, I felt it was time to move on. It took some persuasion, but I decided to quit my PhD and follow my interest in coding. After self-studying for a while, I felt it wasn't enough for me,... Read More and I finally decided to enroll in the Le Wagon bootcamp. I didn't really know what to expect, other than long hours and hard work for two months. However, I was very pleasantly surprised.The course started with back-end by giving you a good understanding of Ruby, before going more detailed into Object Oriented Programming and databases (SQL). After this we dove into front-end, where HTML and CSS were passed by fairly quickly, and Javascript was covered in more detail. Finally, we learned how to use different frameworks which make your life as a web developer much easier. The main framework was Rails, and this is what we used to develop our two final projects. I was lucky to get my project chosen on pitch-day, and getting to spend the last 10 days developing your dream application was a true joy. It also gives you a good start if you want to make this a real-life project/ start-up. Check out https://www.trippytune.com!Le Wagon is extremely well organised, with an online study platform called Kitt which makes your learning experience very fluid. Here I had access to daily video lectures, lecture slides, daily challenges etc, and you get a lifetime access to these resources. The daily challenges that you are asked to solve on Kitt are very well made, and as I was a slightly faster student, I could still find plenty challenges through the optionals. From what I know, this platform is unique, and gives Le Wagon a great advantage compared to other bootcamps. It really makes a big difference to have the right learning tools.Initially, I was sceptical to doing the bootcamp in Bali, as some other courses in Bali have a reputation of being holidays in disguise. However, I found that Le Wagon Bali demands a lot from its students, which was exactly what I was looking for. It was definitely no holiday in disguise, although it surely is a pleasant environment to work in. It was a great experience, and if you chose Le Wagon I'm sure you won't regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
在加入Le Wagon前，我在美国华盛顿大学读大一，同时也做了两年的平面设计freelance。我对计算机、设计、商业这些领域都很感兴趣，在学校也学了很多关于这方面的课程，但学校所教授的内容大多停留在理论层面，即使做了一些小的课堂项目，难度和强度也比较低。所以在今年夏天，我选择参加Le Wagon bootcamp，希望能够学习开发相关的知识并且真正开始做一些比较复杂的项目。在Le Wagon的两个月，每天的生活都非常忙碌，无论是上午的课程还是下午的练习都很有难度。就知识体系而言，这些内容给我对网站开发的理解打下了非常扎实的基础。同时，Le... Read More Wagon组织的活动（alumni drink，杭州tech crunch）也让我认识了国内创业圈和技术圈更多的人。而在最后两周的final project中，我真正体会到了实际开发项目的难度之大。从团队协作写代码到oversee项目整体进度，这些十分具有挑战性的任务都让我成长了很多。Read Less,le-wagon
"I consider my professional life thus far to be scinded so: before le Wagon, and afterwards. Not like I'm ancient, or anything. The reason for this is, before attending this bootcamp, I thought that coding, like math, like engineering, like physics, was... Read More reserved to people who had studied it since middle school. I thought that people like me, with backgrounds in languages, translation, and literature couldn't possibly wrap their airy heads around such a complex, ""science-minded"" discipline.That's a load of bull.Le Wagon's bootcamp teaches you to code, plain and simple. No matter your background and your strengths, you'll be able to find something in their carefully crafted curriculum to pique your interest and light a fire under your brain. Their teaching team is dedicated, attentive, and a motivating example of how proficient alumni can become in a mere matter of months. Best of all, the community of alumni is unfailingly welcoming, bubbling with creativity and good will, and swells with every graduating class to include more members.The overall course is fast-paced, intense, but ultimately enormously rewarding. A change is as good as a rest, they say, and Le Wagon can empower you to make the change you seek, though I guarantee you won't get much rest!Read Less",le-wagon
"我叫Thomas，来Le Wagon之前，我在广州的Tesla做产品专员。当时从一名同事那里听说Le Wagon这个项目，加上自己也一直想了解编程，就报名参加了。在Le Wagon为期九个星期的高强度训练下，我不仅掌握到了很多有关编程的技术，更因为Le Wagon在上海IT行业的一些connections（Strikingly, Kiwo, etc.)了解到了IT业里面职业发展的机会。在整个训练营里面，我从一开始的一张白纸，到后来可以自主开发网页、微信小程序和web app。我未来的计划是利用我在Le... Read More Wagon学到的东西，自己独立自主研发一个跟留学有关的APP，让一些选择DIY申请的同学可以直接匹配到他们目标院校的学长学姐，获得第一手的资源帮助。Read Less",le-wagon
"Thank you Le Wagon! Why ? Being a student in digital marketing in Paris, I had the chance to integrate the batch#145 in parallel with my studies. I was looking for technical skills to complete my training rather focused on strategy. And I was not disappointed... Read More !The training provides the technical foundation necessary to launch any Web application project. The pedagogy is very well thought out, all the concepts are exposed in a logical progression supported by an immediate practice. The speakers are all of a great level, the whole team is really cool and the intellectual challenge remains high from the beginning to the end.In addition, an excellent atmosphere, camaraderie and peer support are present throughout the training, making working conditions even better. This experience was for me the opportunity to meet all types of profiles, all animated by the same spirit; the entrepreneurial spirit and to achieve great things.My trip to Le Wagon is a very positive point for my resume and allowed me to obtain a position as a digital project manager in a web marketing agency located in Paris. So yes, I confirm, thank you Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Over the years, I’ve worked as the business or marketing guy for various companies. I was always drawn to these roles because of my ability to ‘play nice’ with others. But in some ways, I was also limited to these roles because I lacked a strong technical... Read More skill set. In my mind, this technical skillset could be many things… coding, design, data science, architecture, medicine, and law are all examples. Unfortunately for me, I had never developed any of these skills. I wanted to find a way to develop myself so that I could provide more value to companies while also freeing myself from the business/marketing mindset. I didn’t want to just sell, I wanted to build. After nine weeks of intensive learning with Le Wagon, I’ve not only gained a deeper understanding of full-stack web development but the confidence and know how to extend my learning to other technical areas. Although the boot camp has ended, the learning has just begun. I’ve begun work at a local startup as a WeChat Mini Program developer, I’ve joined forces with other Le Wagon alumni to continue learning new frameworks, and I’ve built a strong community of developers, hackers, and entrepreneurs who want to use to tech to add value to the world. Choosing to join Le Wagon was a great decision. It has reshaped the way I see the world and my role in it.Read Less",le-wagon
"During few years before coming to Le Wagon, I tried to learn how to code with different mooc. It was very difficult to know how to start, which language to use, etc.. I decided to apply to Le Wagon to receive a formal training in web development to accelerate... Read More and shape my apprenticeship.From Bordeaux, I chose to come to Paris to immerse myself in the Parisian start-up ecosystem.I want to say thank you to the whole Le Wagon Team in Parisfor supporting us during this nine intensive weeks. I did not think it was possible to acquire that much programming skills in two months. The ""product"" vision provided during the bootcamp is a massive strength for being comfortable with the ecosystem.Moreover, every week we had meetings with entrepreneurs and it was nice to hear stories of enthusiast business owners.Thank you again for this unforgettable experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from a Business school, and having worked as a Product Manager, I wanted to learn the basics of code to better collaborate with developers.I joined Le Wagon, following the advice of 2 of my friends that had done the bootcamp and loved... Read More their experience, with very high expectations. I was not disappointed. I learned a ton, I also loved to be learning and the teaching staff helped me to give the best of myself.The pedagogical approach ""don't just learn to code, but learn to build products"" enabled me to make sense of all the things I was learning, which is something I really liked. I also found that Le Wagon's formula was really efficient: many exercises, numerous teachers and teaching assistants who were always very accessible and a lot of mutual aid between students: it made me improve very fast. The tools and Le Wagon's teaching platform are very efficient to consolidate the learnings, revise a lesson, retrieve a tip from an exercise. And the community is crazy: tens of alumni came back to share their experience as startup founders or startup employees. And it is not even stopping at the end of the bootcamp…In the end, I found a job as a Product Manager in an agency that develops mobile apps (with the help of Le Wagon's career team…!) in which I feel a thousand time more successful than in my previous experiences, because I have a better understanding of the issues and of the coding constraints as well as a better product-oriented approach - Therefore, thank you Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Engineer with 4 years of experience in software development in the energy industry, I made the move to web development and freelancing in early 2018 as a drastic career and life change. So, after quitting my job, I started learning web technologies on... Read More my own but felt a little bit overwhelmed by the amount of information you can find about web development on the web: there is too much of it! I got lost among Stack Overflow posts, online courses and blogs, learning something new one day just to read few days later somewhere else that it's completely out of date and out of use. I started doubting my past choices and myself...Then I met two of my good friends who work in the web industry and who told me: ""Don't stress out! Do Le Wagon!"" So I searched for Le Wagon on the web and discovered the 9-week full-stack program: I was really attracted by the curriculum and by the product-oriented philosophy of this bootcamp. I discussed with some of the staff members, watched a demo day online on YouTube and read a lot of reviews and comments online before applying to Le Wagon Paris bootcamp: let's get on board!Before actually joining the program, there is some prep work to be done online. It allows you to gently discover the basic concepts which are going to be dealt with in depth during the 9 weeks. Moreover, it allows you to be sure you're able to work in front of a computer full of code lines during an entire day, which is the daily routine of a developer!The curriculum is gradual and consistent with the bootcamp's goal which is to transform you into a full-stack web developer from scratch in 9 weeks. The bootcamp goes from 9 am to around 6 or 7 pm everyday, 5 days a week. Everyday starts with a lecture about 1 hour long presenting the concepts or features you're going to work on the same day. Then you spent the rest of the day working on assignments alongside one of your classmates who is your ""buddy"" for the day. Working side by side with your buddy helps you put what you want to code into words before actually coding it and debug your code when it's not doing what you want. If you're still stuck on something after asking your buddy for help, you can open up a ticket right from the bootcamp website and soon a teaching assistant will come and help you out.In Le Wagon bootcamp, you will learn web development’s best practices and lean startup philosophy along with tech skills. You'll know how to code in Ruby on Rails, Postgresql, Javascript, HTML and CSS. You'll also know how to use Git and GitHub for versioning and collaboration, how to do a wire-frame and a mock-up using Figma, how to deploy and maintain your web app on Heroku and how to effectively search for help on the Internet. The project part of the bootcamp has a pretty clear goal: teach you how to code your minimal viable product (MVP) as a team of 3 or 4 collaborating in a sort of dev sprint or hackathon.During one week, all teams have to build a marketplace web app, like Airbnb. As a product-oriented bootcamp, all students are invited in the middle of the bootcamp to do a basic pitch of ideas they would like to work on. Out of all the ideas presented a few are selected and ranked by order of preference by student votes. Those chosen ideas become final projects, that are assigned to groups of 4 or 3. During the last two weeks, the teams are working on their project. During all the project part, teacher assistants are available to guide and help students debug their code. The climax of the bootcamp is the final day, the demoday, where projects are presented and demonstrated during a meet-up and live on YouTube.Alongside with everything written above, Le Wagon bootcamp has also side and optional activities like free meetups and talks with industry devs, yoga classes, and some free beers for the course-mates on friday nights! With Le Wagon bootcamp you'll also join a fast growing network and community gathered around web development, entrepreneurship, freelancing and teaching and driven by kindness and helpfulness. This community has reached almost 3,400 people on Slack as today (08/2018)! Now let me tell you what Le Wagon bootcamp is NOT. It's not, in any way, a college or university course or program. You'll not be taught algorithm theory, network theory or any other fundamental course of computer science or electrical engineering degree. You will learn new skills every mornings and apply them every afternoons in typical use cases, as opposed to few classes per week for one course in typical college program schedule. Therefore, you will probably work more intensely than in most college courses but you will work only on one topic at a time. There is no final exam except the final project and the only rank, grade or diploma you'll have is the satisfaction you can get out of it. To conclude, joining Le Wagon bootcamp is like hopping in a train: you know the final destination, the path is pretty clear and the train ride time too. Onboarded with you are people coming from all backgrounds and coding skill levels: some are still students, some have just quit their jobs, some are taking time off. During the train ride, you learn web development hard and soft skills from the experienced crew members, which are the teachers and teaching assistants, and the use of an impressive learning platform including efficient, motivational and entertaining challenges and tools. You meet your train buddies as everyday you have to seat and work with a new one. At the end, every passenger has his/her own experience of this common train ride but everyone arrived at destination on time. After the bootcamp, you get off the train and leave as a full-stack web developer able to build your own product, work in a tech company as a product manager or dev or work on your own as a freelancer. Finally you can contact anyone who took the train anytime reaching him/her on Slack to share valuable information including diverse events and job opportunities. I highly recommend Le Wagon bootcamp for anyone willing to join an intense yet amazing journey to learn web development with Ruby on Rails!Read Less",le-wagon
在我来到沃耕编程训练营之前我在一个拉斯维加斯的私立高中念11年级。当时我在编程方面有过唯一的经验来自于学校的AP Computer Science Principles，但是在那个课上我们没有太多的涉及到如何写代码，于是我出于兴趣，开始在网上自学javascript。虽然网络上有很多丰富的学习资源，但想要开始做自己脑海中想象的项目，我可能还有很大的差距。只有专业的老师以及学习环境才能使我在较短的时间内完成目标。同时，我希望在大学能够申请计算机专业，所以极其需要在这个夏天开始有效率地学习编程。出于这些目的，我在网上找到了沃耕。就像之前了解到的一样，沃耕是一个十分注重项目实际操作的一个编程训练营，有四个星期我们大大小小共做了3个项目。我觉得这一段学习之旅是非常有意义的，在过去的九个星期里我们不仅学到了最基础的代码逻辑，还学到了如何正确利用网络资源和各类文档，最重要的是，沃耕很注重教授如何在现实生活中与不同的人一起写程序，如何合作与沟通，这也是这个训练营的独特之处。如果说我的目标是通过这九个星期来初步涉入编程这一领域，而且能够独立或者合作完成一些项目，沃耕完全达到了我的预期。总体来说，无论从课程安排，导师角度，或者硬件设备及环境，这都是一次非常高效且很有收获的体验。... Read MoreRead Less,le-wagon
"I have always been fascinated to see how a digital product can become a must-have for millions of users: my business training allowed me to understand the economic issues but the technical aspect remained for me a great mystery.At the end of my studies,... Read More I wanted to join Le Wagon in Paris to better understand the world of digital entrepreneurship but also to be part of it.This goal has been reached! Today I'm working as Product Manager for a start-up which is growing very fast. Thanks again to the entire Wagon team for teaching me how to code and helping students in their future careers.Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are looking for a meaningful, high quality place to develop your technical and personal skills and change your attitude forever, then Le Wagon Barcelona is the place for you!As a psychologist, I develop and organise training programmes for managers... Read More to improve their skills for the future. I am used to quickly recognizing potential in people. And damn, I can tell you: highly talented people come together in Le Wagon! You will not only learn how to code, but also what it takes to bring your own ideas to life. You'll work hard with people from all over the world you've never seen before, and you'll see the amazing results you can achieve as a team in no time. I am really proud of my team, we have built a very cool quizz-based learning platform in 2 weeks - without any programming experience before!You'll also be lucky enough to live in one of the most beautiful cities in the world and in the cosy, inspiring school with Gus and the other wonderful teachers. Only that they are less teachers than your partners who will support you to get the best out of yourself and get the maximum benefit from this program. The guys are just funny, helpful and wonderful people. Meetups are also organized on a regular basis, where you will meet interesting people - who may even make you a job offer!The Bootcamp was intense, exhausting, fun, inspiring and grandiose. I will never forget this time and the things I have learned here - not only through coding, but also about what people are capable of when they are in the right community. Thank you, Le Wagon Barcelona! I look forward to seeing you again soon!Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are looking for a meaningful, high quality place to develop your technical and personal skills and change your attitude forever, then Le Wagon Barcelona is the place for you!As a psychologist, I develop and organise training programmes for managers... Read More to improve their skills for the future. I am used to quickly recognizing potential in people. And damn, I can tell you: highly talented people come together in Le Wagon! You will not only learn how to code, but also what it takes to bring your own ideas to life. You'll work hard with people from all over the world you've never seen before, and you'll see the amazing results you can achieve as a team in no time. I am really proud of my team, we have built a very cool quizz-based learning platform in 2 weeks - without any programming experience before!You'll also be lucky enough to live in one of the most beautiful cities in the world and in the cosy, inspiring school with Gus and the other wonderful teachers. Only that they are less teachers than your partners who will support you to get the best out of yourself and get the maximum benefit from this program. The guys are just funny, helpful and wonderful people. Meetups are also organized on a regular basis, where you will meet interesting people - who may even make you a job offer!The Bootcamp was intense, exhausting, fun, inspiring and grandiose. I will never forget this time and the things I have learned here - not only through coding, but also about what people are capable of when they are in the right community. Thank you, Le Wagon Barcelona! I look forward to seeing you again soon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Trabajé en una startup donde constantemente necesitábamos cambiar nuestro producto y adaptarlo a nuevos clientes. Para hacer un buen producto se necesita un perfecto entendimiento entre quienes venden el producto a los clientes y quienes lo desarrollan...... Read More cosa que no siempre se cumple. Es por esto que decidí hacer el curso de Lewagon, para transformarme en una project manager profesional y hablar el ""mismo idioma"" que los developers. Lo más importante es estar preparado para poder resolver cualquier problema, y Lewagon es un experto en esto. Enseñan de forma tal que no te dan las respuestas sino que te enseñan a encontrarlas. La modalidad intensiva hace que estes 9 semanas enfocado solo en coding y que el aprendizaje sea óptimo. Los profesores son excelentes y logran potenciar al máximo a cada alumno.Recomiendo el curso para todo aquel que tenga ganas de desafiarse, autosuperarse y quiera poder crear cualquier producto en cualquier momento de su vida.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before coming to Le Wagon I had a start-up. The things were going great until the day when I realised that it was actually the time to build the product. I didn’t have the skills to build it. Moreover, I thought that programming is like an art - only... Read More the gifted people could do it and excel at it. After a couple of months of unfruitful searches for a technical co-founder or even a person who would help me out without asking for a fortune, I started considering learning how to code myself. I was terrified, I was unsure but I made the decision.  I went to Google and searched for «the best coding school in Europe», and Le Wagon popped up immediately. I read a few recommendations and reviews and it became a no-brainer to me.  The program is very intense, yet extremely rewarding. The feelings you get when your code works are very genuine, I’d compare it to the emotions of kids who build something really cool with Lego and are super satisfied with their work. The classes were extremely fun and I really enjoyed the idea of working with a new buddy every day. Not to forget the teaching staff: the guys have an insane amount of patience to be there for you and explain a very minor detail until you *really* get it, which is invaluable. After all, Le Wagon is one big family.Of course, there were tough things. When I first saw «9 Intensive Weeks» on the website I couldn’t imagine how really intensive they are. You spend 9 hours a day learning how to code, making thousands of mistakes, asking for help. However, these 9 weeks have been one of the best weeks of my life, and I can really say that I have pushed my own boundaries. I may sound like a cliché but it is true: I couldn’t imagine myself being able to do things I can do now. It truly is amazing and fulfilling. One thing that I also want to mention is that coding changes the way you think and the way you dream. Before going to Le Wagon, I couldn’t think of building a complex, technical product that has hi-tech features. Now, after the immersion into the tech culture, it is really inspiring to dream even bigger and aim for something that would change the world.If you are considering joining Le Wagon, don’t think too much - it will change your life, just like it changed mine.Everybody can code, it «simply» takes desire, effort, an open-mind and people that would support you.  So why not doing it with the best school?  Change your life - Learn how to codeRead Less",le-wagon
"When I graduated from an agronomy school, I wasn't sure what to do afterwards. But I was sure about one thing : I wanted to learn more and to discover different professional environments. Therefore, I did consulting, business development in a start-up... Read More abroad, marketing, financial audit.. But something was missing. I wanted to see more my day-to-day impact and as I am curious, I wanted to learn more and faster. In addition, I started to get start-up ideas. But I had to test my ideas with real users so I needed to create an app. The only option I had was to pay a developer to create my MVP but I didn't have the money...At this moment, a friend told me about le Wagon, an intensive coding bootcamp that is now in 28 cities worldwide ! I did it in January 2018 in Paris and I found exactly what I was looking for :- great skills in web development to be able to speak with developers and to create my own web products and MVP- a wonderful community always keen on helping each other, from various backgrounds which is such enriching- a nice le wagon team that helps you a lot to do the transition after the bootcamp.Since then, I'm a freelance web developer and and I’m also teaching code in Paris. It exactly fulfilled the expectations I had : keep being curious, keep learning a lot (the knowledge is absolutely infinite in coding) and create in a couple of seconds great stuff on the internet !Read Less",le-wagon
"Lets start by saying thank you to the whole Le Wagon Team in Barcelona. My time during the bootcamp was fantastic. I signed up to Le Wagon because coding had always been something I was interested in, but never really got around to learn. I bought a book... Read More or two, two years ago trying to teach myself the basics of python but ended up quitting only after a couple of days because it was just to theoretical and boring to learn by myself. The approach of Le Wagon is great, working on small problem sets with changing partners was great fun. Not only did I improve my coding everyday during the 9 weeks of the camp, but I also met some great people. The first 2-3 weeks were quite tough because I didn’t really see the bigger picture back then, but that certainly changed during and after week 4. All of the small coding challenges that we solved during the start, not really seeing where they would once lead us, started to make sense and build a coherent and surprising picture of what we would actually get out of the bootcamp. I was astonished by what all of us achieved when we started the last 3 weeks of the program, working on our very own projects. We not only learned the basics of coding front- and backend but also received many enriching insights into building a startup in the tech sector. I’d say that my biggest take aways from the 9 weeks in Barcelona were that one can learn anything and solve anything if they know where to look and persevere while doing so. Coding will become more and more important in the future and anyone, in almost every sector will be confronted with new technologies and maybe even code itself. I honestly think that Le Wagon gives us a great opportunity to prepare ourselves for that future teaching us the fun, creative and cool skill of coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"I honestly believe that coding is the language of the future; I think everything worth being a part of involves code. I come from a family of entrepreneurs who are constantly trying to push the envelope in business, finding new and uncontested market... Read More spaces to expand and grow their ideas into realities. In their ventures they have discovered that no matter how great an idea, it cannot be scalable or profitable without incorporating technology in some way or form.I myself studied a 4 year Bachelor of Business Science Finance and Economics Degree at the University of Cape Town and am currently studying towards my CFA® Charter. Business and Finance are my passions, over the course of my degree I had the pleasure of watching the Finance Industry transform into what is now referred to as the Fin Tech (Financial Technology) Industry. Graduating from university I realized that no matter how great and relevant a degree I had, it meant nothing if I could not communicate in the industry I so desperately wanted to be in. My decision to join Le Wagon was made to help me fulfill my dreams of joining and better understanding the Fin Tech Industry, I walked away from Le Wagon with so much more. People are mistaken in thinking that joining a coding bootcamp means you are expected to become a developer. I left Le Wagon with a deep understanding of the inner workings of technology and coding languages, the bootcamp taught me a completely different way of thinking and learning. I now have all the background knowledge to understand the backend of the technological sector in the Fin Tech Industry, which is certain to aid me in future negotiations. In addition to learning a selection of coding languages I was given the opportunity to be part of a community of exceptionally intelligent and talented individuals. I met and made good friends with people from all over the world, not only was I exposed to the world of technology but to a wealth of different cultures and personalities. I will forever look back on my time at Le Wagon as one of the best experiences of my life and I expect nothing less for those joining the Le Wagon community in the future.Read Less",le-wagon
"That’s my story.One year ago I woke up with a business idea. So as crazy as it is I quit my job and tried to figure out how to make it happen. I had no skills and no interest at all in IT but my business idea was a mobile application. Everyone told me... Read More to have a look at Le Wagon. I went at one of the meetings they’re doing here in Paris every Thursday and felt in love with this amazing place. Everyone is nice and makes you become as passionate as they are about coding.I’m from the batch #134 and I learned how to code in 2 months, for real.At the end of the program, in 3 months I built a MVP (which is a first version of my business idea) and everything started.Le Wagon is not giving you wings, but it gives you the tools to build your own wings. So if you have a business idea like me, do not pay 30K€+ and let someone else to build this for you, do it yourself. For 4 reasons : It’s way cheaper, you’ll understand your own product, you’ll be freaking proud of yourself and you’ll bring a super valuable product into your own company. Have a look, you’ll see by yourself : www.big-family.frThanks Le Wagon, you rock !Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always been interested in technology, but with a background in design I thought that maybe it wasn't for me, however after completing the 9 week bootcamp wit Le Wagon I was proven wrong. It was an incredible, eye opening, challenging and rewarding... Read More experience. I realised that there is so much opportunity to be creative in coding and to create a working fully functioning app from scratch was amazing. The bootcamp also teaches to you to think in a different way, and pushes you beyond your comfort zone, but truly teaches you how to learn and keep learning. The teachers, the staff and the whole experience was beyond what I imagined.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been living in Japan for 5 years working as an English teacher but teaching myself coding on the side. I tried to switch careers multiple times with no luck until I found Le Wagon in Tokyo. Teachers are amazing. The program is hands-on with lectures... Read More and then building on what you learn through challenges and small projects throughout the day. The teachers take you through the concepts step by step. There are TAs (and the teachers) that help with the day's challenges if you need it. I was an incredible experience and I almost didn't want it to end.Now, I'm a full-stack developer for a startup in Tokyo. I've built life-long friends through the program and have finally realized my dream to code professional all thanks to Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"During my gap year, I decided to learn to code. While learning I felt demotivated because I was doing it alone so I decided to join Le Wagon! As I expected, I had students and professors by my side that allowed to learn more and faster ! I totally recommend... Read More it, let's go :DRead Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was a postdoctoral researcher in science. Seeing the growing field of technology and startups and the simultaneously rising demand for developers, I decided to join the Le Wagon Bootcamp. Before Le Wagon I already had basic experience... Read More in programming and therefore I was having doubts if the Bootcamp might not be demanding enough. However, I was challenged from the beginning to the end and it was hard work to prepare the lectures and get the exercises done. That said, there is no problem to get successfully through the Bootcamp and deliver great final projects without any prior programming knowledge. This works because the Le Wagon curriculum and teachers adjust very well to the different pre-knowledge of the students.The program is well structured and all programming fundamentals are taught before going into the development of web applications. Most importantly the whole Le Wagon team of teachers and assistants spent a great effort on helping the students and make it a great experience for everybody.Le Wagon prepares the students to work as a developer alone or in a team. I recommend Le Wagon to anybody, who wants to change their career, independently of the professional background.Read Less",le-wagon
"A year ago I finished my training at Le Wagon (batch 83). I was looking for a web developer training to learn to code, use APIs, learn to scrape the web, to become a growth hacker. I also wanted to be autonomous and create side projects and why not create... Read More a startup one day. There are a lot of bootcamps to learn to code in Paris so I compared them and I chose Le Wagon for several reasons:- It is a reference training in the startup ecosystem.- For their “product” culture- For the network. I have built a network of trusted relationships today thanks to the bootcamp.I was hired as a growth hacker at the end of the batch in a startup accelerator. I was able to practice my skills. A few months after Le Wagon, I continued coding and I created a tool. I launched my own marketing automation tool through what I learned. The bootcamp has a cost, but it is an investment to do in oneself which is worth it and which is quickly profitable.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started my studies in advertising and graphic design in 2009, doing many courses outside my University to expand my skills in different areas that I consider, at the time, useful for my job and profesional development. Through the years, I start to... Read More realize that technology was becoming, really fast, a way of consuming products or services, in EVERY single area and industry. No matter what you need, there is an app or a web to solve your problem; and if it doesn't exist: YOU HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU, so DEVELOP IT!Through my years working as a graphic designer freelance, clients were always asking for basic things that nowadays, every company needs: newsletters and a web - just to start. And my first problem was that I wasn't able to take my design into the web. I think and create the sketches from the design perspective, but I was depending on developers to actually code the design and in many occasions, I would found out, that my ideas were really difficult to develop. Not to mention, that I have to depend on their schedule and budget.When I asume the world is spinning around tech development, I decided to enrole in Le Wagon Bootcamp in Buenos Aires. Even though I had a lot of expectations, they were by far exceeded in the most positive way! I had the opportunity to practice my english, to know a lot of people around the world and know different cultures. It was surprisingly easy to overcome the intensity of two months, of non stop learning and coding, with the excellent group of people who shared this amazing experience with me! The teachers were super patient and positive, especially in the last two weeks where we struggle the time pressure to solve development issues... They were extraordinary good leaders that trust in our skills and were always there for us!Le Wagon community is really amazing and supportive! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"At a career cross road, I joined Le Wagon on the advice of a friend who'd completed the course in 2016. Considering their rave reviews it's fair to say I began the course with high expectations, it's a credit to the teaching staff and the program that... Read More these expectations were met and surpassed.Learning to code from scratch (which I was) was never going to be easy but the methodical approach of practical exercises based on a morning lecture means you get the most out of the days. It's incredibly hard work but supported by a host of phenomenal teaching staff and assistants I started to feel like I was making progress in quite short order.The course morphs in the final 3 weeks to final team projects; from here on out it more feels like you're working in a collaborative office, less a classroom. Building products using the skills learned in the preceding 6 weeks really was an exciting experience, you could feel the passion and commitment from everybody. I came as no surprise that on final demo day I saw 9 amazing products presented!Before doing Le Wagon the cynic in me would have scoffed at the idea that in just 9 weeks I'd be armed with the skills to make a career change. But the truth is, I am. As Le Wagon's website greets you, Change your life: learn to code. Glad I did.Read Less",le-wagon
"I learned how to code in Le Wagon: after 9 weeks of hard work, I’m capable to start a web application from scratch and I never learned so much in so little time. But what really amazes me is how I was able to do it: I learned through teamwork -- not only... Read More by attending classes and completing daily challenges but doing so with help from and helping people with different skills and background. I thought I’d be developing mostly hard skills, but I added soft skills to my abilities and now I feel ready to lead and teach.Thanks to the people I met in Amsterdam, I’m currently TAing in Le Wagon Sao Paulo and preparing to be a teacher assistant in Rio de Janeiro, thrilled by seeing other students’ projects and helping them to make beautiful products. Le Wagon gives not only the tools to be a fullstack developer, they also teach how to spread this knowledge creating a great community that executes ideas all around the world -- and I couldn’t be more proud of being a part of it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Firstly, Barcelona is the best city ever even I’ve been traveling over the world. The weather is perfect and people is always so nice and openminded!! The city itself isn’t really big tho, you can do whatever you want, also you can go to nature side like... Read More beaches or mountains. I am so glad to get an opportunity to live this amazing city.Le Wagon Barcelona changed my life completely. Honestly I couldn’t code really well, but this bootcamp tough me how I can manage my life if I really want which anyone didn’t teach me in the school and in my work. Actually it was more important than just only coding. To decide attending the bootcamp wasn’t really easy for me because I had good career and salary in Tokyo. But I just realised sometime we need to decide and make big change in our life otherwise our life will be same level and never learn anything. Now I have more independent mind set and I can manage my life by my self!This is my background. After graduation from bachelor of International relationships I was woking for e-commerce site in Japan as a marketer. Even though I have no knowledge about coding, I needed to have a meeting with engineers in my team. So that situation made me think that I should learn coding.And also every time I brought a idea to implement some features, I needed to talk to the engineers how we are possible to implement. I felt if I have coding skill, I could have implement my idea much faster.Read Less",le-wagon
"After working for a start-up for a couple of years I felt it was time for a change and I wanted to challenge myself by learning something completely new. I love travelling and to have flexibility in a job, so why not learn how to code? I didn’t have any... Read More experience in tech or coding at all and after hearing all the great things about Le Wagon Bali, I decided to quit my job and jump in with both feet to become a full stack web developer.I got straight into the deep end and in the first few weeks I got to learn, amongst other things, Ruby, SQL and OOP which started coming together when we learnt the Rails framework. Not having any prior experience, I was afraid that I would end up thinking coding was too technical for me, or that I would not be good at it. By the time it got to the project weeks of the Bootcamp, I was really impressed with myself for being able to code real web-apps. Before the bootcamp I never imagined this possible.After two weeks of non-stop coding for our project SkillSwap, we were able to finish on time and present it on Demo Day to the local teach community and digital nomads (watch the videoclip here: https://www.lewagon.com/demoday/149 ). This is the feature I like the most about Le Wagon. It is very product-oriented and I believe it is quite unique in that sense. Not only can you be a junior developer when you graduate, you are also trained to be an entrepreneur and product owner to pitch a product, manage product design and project constraints, conduct business presentations, with the aim of launching your idea to the market. The feeling is incredibly rewarding and empowering.I never imagined I would like coding this much and so will you.Read Less",le-wagon
"In December of 2017 I graduated from a coding boot camp in Shanghai, China. To say that it was a life changing experience is to understate the degree to which new opportunities presented themselves, both professionally and personally within in span of... Read More four months. For me, going through the boot camp had been a long time in the making. I had been an English teacher for a year in Shanghai, and then started working as a recruiter for the company I had been teaching with. The job started out ok, but I found myself dedicating 70-80 hours per week. After four months on the job, I began to see what few opportunities lie ahead: I could improve my administrative skills related to collecting applicants’ documents and climb the corporate the ladder within the HR department, or transfer to another department. At the time, I had no hard skills, so I would have been restricted in my options, most likely writing content for our various products. The prospects were not good and I did not have a strong sense of hope in my career as it stood. I was essentially offering my ability to use the English language to write content, or improve how organized and efficient I could be to serve the benefit of the corporation I was working for. On New Years Eve 2016, I met and made friends with someone who just arrived in Shanghai and was working as a developer for the same organization. He was making nearly 3 times my salary and had enough free time to get to know the city. He had begun his journey as a developer through a well-known coding boot camp in the US. That is when the idea started floating in my head and sticking. Fast-forward 9 months into my job and I had had enough of the ambiguity. I left my position as a recruiter to return to teaching with the goal of getting back time to myself to prepare for joining a boot camp as soon as possible. The problem was that there were no English-speaking coding camps around. I started toying with the idea of going back to the US and nearly did, until I found out about Le Wagon. Originally started in Paris France in 2014, it began expanding quickly with locations in over 30 countries as of May 2018.  The Plan:My intention from the get-go was to find a job as a developer, either freelance or full-time after the camp. I had spoken with several developers that I knew personally and decided that I wanted to be skilled in front-end development, with a focus on JavaScript.To be able to enact any plan, you need to have a financial runway. With the amount of money saved, I had roughly four months to find sustainable employment, which was either a full-time job or freelance gigs that would lead to more. This was Plan A. We graduated in early December 2017, so my runway was until about March 2018.Plan B was return home to the US and continue to job hunt from my parent’s home. I did not want to return to the US, but it was a realistic Plan B. I refused to take on any job that was not strictly development because that is the skill I intended to grow, even if I had to do it from the US. The Beginning of Camp (and a reassessment): So camp begins and after a few weeks, I am humbled. Coding is a lot more difficult than I initially expected. I start to question if working as a developer is really for me. Some of the students who were in my batch had a background in engineering or had taken some computer science courses were doing pretty well.Development is very heavily front-loaded with information. Once you can get over the initial hump of learning how all the pieces fit together, things start to make sense quicker. Even though it is tough, something in the back of my mind just tells me that I will be working as a developer. Regardless of how it is going to happen, it is going to happen.This particular camp is great because we visited several different firms around the city where we may be able to work after graduation. One meeting that boosted my motivation halfway through camp was at a startup accelerator. I met the founder of a company that had graduated from that accelerator about a year prior. One of his products is similar to the product I worked on for the boot camp’s final project, so I ended up interviewing with them for a project manager role but decline it because I was looking to code, period. Finally the end of camp rolls around and we present our products. It was a really exciting day to be able to show off what we have built. The next day, here I am – jobless and ready to take something on. During the final two weeks, I spent a lot of time focusing on the final project, so I did not follow up with the contacts I had made during the camp. On the first day after camp, my self-assessment of my skills is lower than I expected. I found that it was difficult to set accurate expectations on what my skill level would be post-camp because my knowledge-base was initially low.I spent the first month after camp following up with potential employers and coding. Every day I coded for 7 hours through an online course that I had purchased to help me learn React.A month after camp ended, I was able to land a full time job as a developer with a startup through the accelerator that Le Wagon had taken us to.50% of the value that you get from a coding camp is the network that it has in place. Especially in the early days of your career, your network is key to getting paying gigs, whether they are freelance or full time. I am very happy with the value that Le Wagon’s network has been able to provide.They also have a healthy habit of bringing back students from previous batches to talk about what they are doing now, T.A.-ing, and even lecture as teachers.Overall, I am very happy with the change in my career since I went through the boot camp. Time is flying by at this point with each batch that comes and goes and it is amazing reflect on my time while seeing others who are going through the same experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"As young graduate from a french business school and after several experiences within financial fields, I felt a strong attraction towards the digital world and entrepreneurship. However, I realized that I would not go far without any basic knowledge in... Read More coding and digital skills.After great 9 very (very!) intensive weeks of learning how to code with Le Wagon in Lisbon, I gained much more than what I expected! Before this experience, I had no clue about anything in the coding area...From a practical point of view, I am amazingly surprised by the level of understanding I have reached over such a short time, not only about pure coding, but also about the overall coding environment, from UX to web hosting. Le Wagon‘s program is very well built with a gradual rise in difficulty and a strong follow-up from the teaching team, that will fit to everybody, no matter their level.Attending this coding bootcamp was also a great opportunity for me to meet and work with very interesting and smart people coming from different areas and making the whole experience even more rewarding.I can only recommend this training and can assure you that you will get more than what you expect :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I've been in IT for 20 years but far from the Web world (yes, there is a lot of stuff going on out of the www as well). Tired of all the burocracy of big groups and the never ending projects, I decided to look for something more dynamic. Then started... Read More looking for a web development bootcamp. At the beginning of my career I was a developer and I remembered how much I enjoyed coding, so decided to update my knowledge and move on to the web. I was looking for somethig dynamic, pragmatic and useful right away. No time for 6 months training plus time doing interships in companies. Had had my share of big companies. I checked some other trainings and bootcamps in the Marseille area and Le Wagon spoke to me right away. Just by looking at their website you can see is dynamic. Being a globtrotter at heart and seeing that the bootcamp runs in so many countries just clicked. Then the program. Training sessions in the morning, then practice all day long, then life code at the end of the day. Then two weeks developing a project. A lifely dynamic involved in the startup world. I assited then to one of their Demo Days and it just felt right. That's what I wanted to do, that's the bootcamp I want to join. It took a few months until I could finally join but I was not dissapointed at all. We were lucky enough in our promo to hit it off right away. 14 people, from 21 to 59 years old, very different backgrounds and experiences and so enriching. Later on, seeing other promos, I think that happens in every promo, in different ways, but the ambiance of Le Wagon just makes that in every promo there is a bit of a (temporary) family spirit going on. Ah, yes, we coded as well! I just had a blast every single day. It was hard, future Wagoners beware. It was exahausting but so worth it. The first week I was so excited and my brain was absorbing so many things that I could barely get to sleep at night. By the middle of the bootcamp you are exahusted, you start to beleive that you are not going to make it... there are ups and downs, but everyone tells you to hold on to it... wich you do and by the end everything is worth. The pedagory is good, being in IT I already knew many concepts, though not the languages, and the way things are explained and chained it just makes sense and everything ends up by clicking and fitting together. Teachers are excellent, some have a lot of experience in the field, some others are Le Wagon's alumni. All of them are passionate and patient. They know how to teach and help. And then the Demo Day. It is so exciting to be able to show to about a hundred people what you just did with your team. We could not beleive we were able to do all of that in only 2 weeks. Only 9 weeks before we didn't know anything about it and there we were, showing to the world our project. When you finish your promo there is a bit of an ""orphan"" feeling, after all you are spliting with your (temporary) family and that is always difficult. But there are ways to work it out. Co working space, being a TA (which I am doing), or even becoming a teacher yourself later on (which I hope to do some day). Le Wagon has s become part of my life now, I go to the co-working space, I make TA every now and then and the whole experience keeps up to my expectations. Hesitating about which way to go? Well, my advise is go to Le Wagon, hold on to the rails (pun intended) and enjoy! You won't regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"During and after my graduation I worked at financial related jobs. Because it was not my piece of cake I decided to go abroad to get some experience and study English. And just one year ago I discovered the world of coding. I made a lot of research, read... Read More a lot of reviews. First of all, I wanted some affordable coding bootcamp in Europe. Second, Le Wagon offers to build something real as the final project. So, it seemed to me as the best choice. And do not forget the wonderful weather, nice beaches and amazing food in Barcelona.I still can't believe it's over. Even though it was pretty fast track, I thought it would be even worse - more difficult or impossible to understand. I will miss it. Coding is awesome. Now it is time to do so as alumni :) - continuing work on our final project Eatamina and deepen my knowledge. I believe coding open you new word with so many opportunities. ALL YOU NEED IS CODE. Thank you guys!Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon's Batch 6 in Paris (January – March 2015) and since then, I have been building a web agency while becoming a teacher at Le wagon on the side.Why Le Wagon? I see 3 main reasons why I joined Le Wagon's FullStack program at first:1) Trying... Read More online tutorials, I always had the same outcome: ""How to switch from theory to practice?""2) I found it very hard to launch a web-based business without coding skills or without the ability to understand developers3) I wanted to test my ideas from scratch without loosing my mind in the World Wide Web of Ideas (this is something many non-technical profiles do when thinking of a business and it often leads to frustration and to giving up).That seemed to fit Le Wagon's mission. After meeting the core team, I decided to join the program.The Full-stack ProgramThis is a 9-week intensive program where you'll learn coding best practices and develop your technical mindset. One of the main strengths of their program is the balance between teaching best practices, bringing support to students and fostering autonomy and curiosity.- You spend enough time to learn the basics during lectures or when cracking Le Wagon's challenges.- You learn how to be autonomous, use powerful tools and have an efficient workflow.- You are challenged but also supported to ensure you understand the core concepts.After 6 weeks of training, you build an Airbnb-like platform within a team and you put it in production.The last two weeks are dedicated to working on your own personal project (or you can work on a project of a team mate), being advised and assisted by le Wagon's mentors.Rediscover the pleasure of learningAt the beginning, I was one of those to say I'd like to learn to code but did not have enough ""engineering background"". At Le Wagon I had the opportunity to remember that learning a new skill is not always a question of talent.With strong dedication, commitment and above all, curiosity, you will find your way and leverage Le Wagon's methodology. At Le Wagon, you will not only be guided but also challenged to make the concept yours. Nothing comes free, and to learn anything valuable, you have to fight for it first!Learn from amazing peopleAmazing people with different backgrounds will surround you. The staff carefully select students to create an efficient and fun learning atmosphere.From the diversity of your buddies, you'll discover a new way of thinking. Not only from engineers that will introduce you to logical structures but also from litterary profiles who will show you that sometimes efficient wording is worth tons of logical conditions.The staff is amazing and they are always challenging themselves to improve their program. After a few batches as a Teaching Assistant and then as a Teacher, I can tell that from their 145-batch experience they have built a great methodology and a strong education platform (that I still use!).Life After Le WagonThe scope is huge. Lots of your classmates have an entrepreneurial background and will keep working on their project, follow teammates they have met or dedicate to new opportunities.Some want to become developers and will apply to a junior position. Lots of them get cool offers because they are ready to learn, be productive on their very first day and bring diversity to dev teams.Others will apply for Product Manager positions and leverage on their dual skills in business / code to collaborate efficiently with developers.First, I personally decided to start as a freelancer and build apps for clients but also provide them with MVP services, to help identify their product and have a lean roadmap. It was an opportunity to keep on learning every day while I fulfil my entrepreneurial thirst.Now I have turned this freelance activity into a web agency. We are specialized in digitizing corporate processes. We design &amp; develop simple solutions to complex corporate problems.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’d like to preface this review by saying that I’m neither a “gusher” nor a “joiner.” I’m rarely openly impressed or complimentary; even less often do I place myself in situations where I am forced to interact with a bunch of strangers.With that out of... Read More the way, I’d like to genuinely &amp; uncharacteristically assert that my time at Le Wagon Barcelona was one of the most positive, self-actualizing, &amp; unforgettable experiences of my life.I, like perhaps a lot of you, was very nervous when considering a boot camp. I was already pretty far along in my first career and didn’t have the time or resources to pursue another bachelor’s degree. My fears with opting for a boot camp existed not only because I had practically zero coding experience, but also because I’d read horror stories about others investing in different boot camps only to come out feeling as though they didn’t know anything and ultimately being unprepared to enter the workforce or to start projects on their own. Luckily, the only thing I’d had to fear was fear itself. And semicolons.Le Wagon was challenging in a way that I could never have expected nor that I can even try to articulate, but for every obstacle there was overwhelming support from both staff and other classmates. Aside from learning relevant and up-to-date subjects in a very organized, gamified way, I developed some amazing relationships with the people in my batch and the instructors; over a month later there are still some people that speak with on a daily basis! And - despite being extremely prone to imposter syndrome - I have found myself very confident in what I have learned at Le Wagon, so much so that I am currently working on my own freelance projects, personal website, and business plan for an app I’d like to develop.So as someone who does not do this (no, seriously, I never do it), I cannot help but recommend Le Wagon if you’re looking to get a start in web development. The curriculum, learning environment, &amp; ongoing support networks are truly unparalleled and I promise you will not be disappointed.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is amazing. It was a great it experience, it gave me the fundamentals and helped me to become a better problem solver and exposed me to the world of Software Engineering. As an American residing in the San Francisco Bay Area there are a plethora... Read More of coding boot camps but they are 6x times as much as Le Wagon. Le Wagon gave me the most value for the amount of money I spent, I felt it was one of the best decisions I have made overall.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m a high school student and I decided to study abroad in America. I graduated my junior high school on March but my high school starts from September so I had plenty of time to do something what I like. That’s why I joined in Le Wagon’s programming... Read More boot camp.	The first three weeks was the hardest for me, but the teachers taught me very carefully and were always ready to help. And as I continue learning coding, my skill became better and better. In the last project, I think I could contribute as a front-end programmer.	I think I need more practice for back-end stuff. But in the last project, I think I could contribute as a front-end programmer and Le Wagon changed my life dramatically.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was working as an apprenticeship coordinator in the construction industry. I was managing up to 45 apprentices. My partner is a data analyst so he invited me to start doing online courses and I was hooked. I knew I wanted to make a career... Read More in coding so decided to join Le Wagon. It was the best decision I could make! The staff is friendly, supportive and fun; they made it so easy to get through the cursus. As an end project we worked on a user-friendly timesheet system to help out my old company!I have applied for the 42 coding school in Paris and was very thankful to have my lifesaving background in Ruby to help me in that application process!Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently finished batch 153 at Barcelona. And i have just one thing to say about that: it worthed a lot. The course is very well structured and make our path easier. I hadn´t any background with code so in the very begining I was scared about my capability... Read More to learn code in just 9 weeks. But after I finished the bootcamp I´m very confident about what I learned and now I have one new challenge: change the world.I started Le Wagon feeling like an old man and now i have many plans as a kid. If you want to be greater than you are know, don't hesitate to subscribe at Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I love tech, but I can’t code. That in a nutshell was the reason that got me to Le Wagon in Bali in April. Tech has always fascinated me and not being able to code bothered me a lot in my professional life as a software implementation consultant.In just... Read More two months at Le Wagon, I learned how to code, how code works, how to transform my ideas into a web app and how to collaborate as a team of developers. I have to say that I had high expectations out of the camp but what I learned actually went beyond what I could have hoped for.What impressed me ever since the first day of the camp was the online platform offered by Le Wagon and how it is set up, with lectures, tons of exercises, flashcards, videos and a lot of functions available to make the learning process faster and easier. All this incredible learning material, together with the huge enthusiasm and experience of the teachers who were always willing to solve any questions and clear up any confusion, made the camp a truly comprehensive, well-honed learning experience. Watch my presentation video of the project my team built - Open Space of Batch #149 to see what I am talking about. What also undoubtedly ""made"" the experience was the sea view from the classroom terrace and the chilled living experience you can find in Bali. I didn't want to leave!But sadly I had to leave and since I got back to run an online academy at a global IT consultancy firm, I haven't looked back - Le Wagon has definitely increased my competencies and unquestionably given me a ton of useful skills that I can apply to my daily work or any tech projects that I decide to undertake. I can now proudly call myself a coder.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi guys,I’m Michael, I am 29 years old and I got a Master’ Degree in physics (research oriented) in 2014. After that I decided to travel the world before starting my career but this experience totally changed my mind about physics and what I wanted to... Read More do. I always had a lot of different ideas in my head but I never knew where to start to make them alive (especially when the technical part begins). The idea of integrating a coding school was running in my mind and Le Wagon appeared to be one of the most effective so I did Le Wagon Montréal.Those nine weeks of coding were an amazing experience. Although the first weeks were very hard and challenging I discovered a new way to see things. The content of the courses is very comprehensive and adapted to all backgrounds in both backend and frontend fields.If you choose Le Wagon you will learn to code of course but not only, you’ll also learn how to launch your idea from the design to the pitch which is a useful skill if you want to open your own company!Le Wagon is also a great human experience as everyday you work with a new classmate. During the last three weeks you’ll learn how to work as a team on a project using all the knowledge you’ve just learnt and also how to use git which is a powerful team working tool.I’m currently working as a teacher assistant at le Wagon Montreal to help students with their daily challenges.I would definitely recommend you to do this bootcamp for the teaching quality, their huge tech network and finally because the mindset there rocks!Read Less",le-wagon
"Meeting the Wagon by chance was for me important moment. From the first moments I understood that I could be confident structured pedagogy, effective, thought, progressive, so reassuring, all in a beautiful, spacious in the heart of Marseille.Be part... Read More of the Batch 141 Marseille feel to belong to a strong community, know that we will be able to work together, to exchange, to bring, that the wagon does not stop at the end of the training. It's a great human adventure and I loved the shared moments! exit climbing in the creeks, memorable football match at the stadium!I have experienced this regular rhythm that alternates between course and pair programming and I have seen day after the knowledge is consolidated. Intensive work, and also time to regain energy: yoga hours. At Wagon we take care of us!If you are motivated to learn, discover among available, competent, creative people Go for it!Read Less",le-wagon
"My brother is a programmer and has been telling me for the past 12 years to start learning to code. Right. So I could have learned to code years ago but would I have liked it as much as I do now??I attended Le Wagon in Tel Aviv Batch #150. Before that... Read More I worked for 3 years in a marketing company as an affiliate manager, and finally decided to quit. It was the right time to look for a new direction, to learn something new that I will love doing. I suddenly gave a second thought to learning to code. I started a few online courses but it wasn’t enough. I felt like I needed a learning environment.After 4 months of self-learning, hours spent in coffee shops with friends, more Netflix that I could ever watch and numerous researches about coding courses, I stumbled upon Le Wagon website. I watched videos on Youtube about project pitches and I was very impressed by the result after only 2 months. After checking all the possible reviews - all very good - I decided to apply. My advice: do not waste your time and go to Le Wagon even if you have no skills whatsoever in coding.In the first few weeks of the bootcamp, it’s hard but the teachers and TAs are super clear, really helpful and thorough. The lessons are super clear. Every day you get to practice what you’ve learned the same morning via multiple exercises. On top of that, you get a Live Code session at the end of the day that helps the knowledge acquired sink in. Towards the end of the bootcamp, you also have 2 projects to build in teams. My team and I created a project called www.CoinTrail.io, a platform that helps you track your portfolio across any exchanges. We are still working on it!To sum it up, my experience with Le Wagon was a life changing one. I’ve learned in two months more that I would have alone in one year. I have met wonderful people from all around the world, from teachers to students. I’ve learned to work in teams, under pressure (get ready for the Final Project!!). Le Wagon gives you great tools to learn: video lectures, challenges, flashcards, course slides, useful links etc. The best thing is that you still have access to all of it once you’ve finished! As I’ve said before, do not waste time! Change your life, start coding!Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to be a project manager in a marketing agency specialized in working with law firms. Talking to web developers was a daily challenge as I was their only point of contact in the company and I was not feeling comfortable with it. So, first of all,... Read More I wanted to better understand this world. Therefore, I went to Le Wagon Paris and I started a new life. This was the most stimulating classroom environment I did for sure ! Thanks to Le Wagon, I have become a full-stack designer at a startup with my best friend whom I met at Le Wagon. The bootcamp is unique and gives you the strength to accomplish the things you would not have imagined possible otherwise... Highly recommended !Read Less",le-wagon
"I completed Le Wagon’s Fullstack program a month ago. I had joined the bootcamp in order to change career and become a freelance developer. Before that, I worked as a journalist and I had a lot of concerns about my ability to understand code.However,... Read More after numerous great reviews and a positive word of mouth, I was very eager to start, and I have not been disappointed.First of all, because teachers and teaching assistants truly care about passing on their knowledge and helping us understand difficult concepts.Then, because coding in itself seems now much more accessible and clearer to me, which enables me to look forward to new opportunities as a futur freelance developer.Finally, there is the very rich community that you join, you are surrounded with developers and you know that if you get a problem to solve, there’ll be someone ready to help you out. This is now my turn to recommend this course a thousand times because of the great memories I kept both on the human and professional plans !Read Less",le-wagon
""" Before I knew it two years had rolled by, I was keen as ever to learn OOP and was based in Barcelona. I finally took the plunge during winter 2018 and left what felt to me was the best job in the world. I contacted the bootcamp and was about to pay... Read More the deposit fee. As an act of due diligence I double checked the other bootcamps in Barcelona: I emailed them all to confirm the syllabus and availability. I got an email from Le Wagon and had an interesting conversation with the school’s owner, an interesting fellow called Gus.Le Wagon seals the dealI visited the working environment of Le Wagon Barcelona and was impressed, lots of natural light in a nice part of the city. In-addition, for me attitude is super important — after meeting Gus it seemed the school was genuinely interested in helping students learn to code with a strong emphasis on teaching practical skills, so that students can actually build well designed web applications. I signed up as quick as I could!You define your realityA few days after the bootcamp started it was clear I’d made one of the best decisions of my life. The daily routine was roughly as follows: I travelled to Le Wagon from my home in Tibidabo (mountains overlooking Barcelona) on my Intruder 125 cruiser, a breathtaking daily commute; morning lecture sometimes up to two hours long; a quick caffeine injection at a nearby cafe in which we became the regulars, and then onto practical coding exercises to cover the course material.A number of times I was reminded by the teachers that I may find the pace too fast and not to freak out. Personally, that wasn’t an issue whatsoever. I was used to feeling like a complete moron both in my previous academic and professional life. As an undergraduate Chemistry student and then later as a Masters Physics graduate, not having a clue about what was going on was second nature to me. I felt very much at home. Also I had the added benefit of my professional life where I would routinely go into emergency meetings with engineers, developers and architects from dispersed global teams to discuss real technical problems that were costing us a million euros a minute (until they were fixed), so living under the barrel of a gun was the daily grind for me and I loved it.There were no breakdowns, no moments of get me out of here, of why don’t I understand this? Being humble and accepting there is only so much I can take in during one day helped me avoid any such drama. Instead, I can only describe it as a beautiful struggle defined by lots of inspiring conversations during coffee breaks, meeting new people and learning a lot of web application tech and architecture principles ….very, very quickly. We have a verse in Islam “there is one reality but reality and you define your own reality”. This is written in Arabic all over the Alhambra in Spain and reminds us that our limited time in this world is beautiful, if we choose to believe it.Birth of Ceziam and the futureDuring the last phase of the bootcamp we work on a personal project and pitch it to the class. I proposed of a web application that was cyber security focused and was lucky enough to be able to work with it with a few fellow students. We discussed it through, developed our ideas and within a few days Ceziam was born. The domain name was bought and we got coding. Ceziam is a feely available and easy to use web application that identifies core Cyber Security risks. What really stood out during this period was how well we all complimented each other, I really could not have hoped for a better project team. We were a real team with a shared vision and importantly there was a very healthy level of respect and trust between us. Our core principle is let’s make a great Cyber Security product and have fun doing it…only good things will follow.So, here’s to living with the wind in your hair, taking a chance in life and trying to reach higher. I don’t know if Ceziam will be widely used, I don’t know if it will democratise Cyber Security but I do know I’ve learned a lot, met many inspiring people and am a better person today.If there is one life lesson I really do believe in: it’s never too late to try! If you have that thing in the back of your mind you know you want to try and you feel it will make the world a better place, then take that first step. If you’re interested about learning more about my journey, you can find the full article here: https://medium.com/@haseebchaudhary_98209/the-beautiful-struggle-f7df22c7500dRead Less",le-wagon
"Before doing Le Wagon, I was a mechanical engineer specialized in metrology. As nobody know what it is, it is the science of the measurement, it is used in industry for the quality control to be sure that a plane or a car has the same dimension and shape... Read More as the drawing.After that, I have decided to quit and travel in Australia for many months. This is where I decided to to a bootcamp with LeWagon.I always wanted to create website or mobile application, it is kind of creative job, where you can directly the result of what you are building. But learning alone is not the best, there are many concept that is not easy to understand. A friend of me did a bootcamp in San Francisco and told me this is the best thing she did.I checked on internet the different bootcamp and I choose LeWagon because the reviews were very good. Besides, I watched on youtube the presentation of the projects created during the bootcamp and I was very impressed by what the new students can create in only 2 months. If they can do, so I can do the same.After 2 months in LeWagon Barcelona, I really enjoyed this experience, the atmosphere inside makes you fall in love of coding, and now I am sure that I want to become web developer.During the bootcamp we created an awesome project www. Easyfork.xyz where you can order and pay online your meal in a restaurant, book for a time, and eat directly without waiting for the order.We already have some restaurants who want to work with us. We are now working to make the app responsive, in order to work on the computer and on mobile phone.I could not think I could learn so much things in this short time. I truly recommend LeWagon Barcelona, you will enjoying coding for sure!Read Less",le-wagon
"A poor, soon to be undergrad kid, I weighed my options very carefully before deciding to attend Le Wagon batch 94 ( https://www.lewagon.com/demoday/94 ) in Toyko. Completely unrelated to my major, I was very skeptical whether any place would hire a junior... Read More web developer without a Degree to vouch for my ability. Nevertheless, I believed in myself and the Le Wagon curriculum, and worked extremely hard over 9 weeks. After the bootcamp I actively applied for jobs solely in Tokyo, and I've never been happier.Pros:All information covered in the curriculum is relevant and used by Rails developers daily.Very beginner friendly -- I had no prior programming experience, and I'm now confidently working as a developer.As a world renown bootcamp, Le Wagon backing your name looks very good to potential employers.No official job support, but a dedicated alumni-only slack channel for jobs ensures you will see opportunities you will not hear about otherwise.A fun, dynamic learning environment which partners you with a different classmate everyday.Cons:Currently (July, 2018), no locations in North America. Europeans luck out here.9 weeks is shorter than most bootcamps, and naturally you will not cover as much content in a typical 12-week camp.(That being said, Le Wagon still covers proper Full-Stack as well as hosting/deployment)I went above and beyond the expectations I had for myself, and I'm reaping the rewards by working in an industry I love. I'm beyond satisfied for having no prior experience programming professionally.Read Less",le-wagon
"During my previous career in communication &amp; public relations, I had the chance to collaborate with creative coders and I got really curious about coding. Back then, I decided to learn the fundamentals of code (HTML / CSS) with e-learning platforms. I... Read More began to build several websites for small companies or for relatives (using wordpress) but I got quickly frustrated *on the technical plan*. I decided to enroll inLe Wagon Bootcamp to have the big picture and finally understand how apps &amp; websites are built. Joining Le Wagon was definitely worth it and was an amazing experience, both for the knowledge, the fantastic pedagogy and teachers, and for the encounters with my fellow alumni! Even though the courses are really intensive, there are plenty of group work, great events, inspiring talks and funny drinks organized during all the bootcamp and this makes it a truly exciting journey!During the bootcamp, I really got passionate about front end and design and decided to work as a freelance web designer but I’m also thinking about joining some alumni and help them work on their startup projects. Thanks again to all Le Wagon team !Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a blast during the bootcamp, I had little to no experience in coding and came out with the knowledge and confidence to create my own projects. The teachers are passionate about coding and managed to instill the same passion and inspiration to the... Read More students. Since joining I just can't stop coding.The journey was really intense, we spent 8-10 hours a day just solving challenges and practising, there was a lot of fun involved as well as frustration when things were becoming too hard, but the program is structured very well and eventually everything comes together.I was able to get two job interviews immediately after completing the bootcamp and I'm 100% satisfied with the support I'm getting as a graduate.Le Wagon will always have my heart.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve attended Le Wagon in Paris in batch#146. I had a law and history degree and after a last internship, I was supposed to begin my career in a law relative job or in administration. But you know what? It was boring!Some of my friends told me that I... Read More should consider learning to code. And I tried alone with online courses, but it wasn’t enough, I had no real support and was really alone in my journey. Then I heard about boot camps and I chose Le Wagon due to its excellent reputation in the startup ecosystem and it was one of the best decisions I have ever made in my short life.The teaching and course structure were excellent. The course is really intense and challenging, but worth it. I really appreciated the entrepreneurial and the product-first approach. The teachers are 100% committed, always friendly and helpful. Le Wagon staff is fantastic and they are all really nice human being. Le Wagon taught me how to code, I'm able now to build my own web project, to work in a startup as a developer or go freelance. But especially Le Wagon prove me that with hard commitment you can learn anything.In addition, Le Wagon helps me to connect to an amazing network ( startups, VC, entrepreneurs, dev ) which helps me to gain insights. More importantly, I met a group of new friends from different backgrounds who share common interests.Now, two months after the end of the camp, I work on a SaaS business project with some friends. In addition to that, I am building stuff ( bot, website...) for fun to sharpen my skills and I read a lot to go further in my computer science knowledge.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi future students of Le Wagon, I am Sonia and I attended Le Wagon Milan 2018 and I am not scared to say that It is the most important carreer shift I made !I have a marketing background and noticed how important it is to get skills in web programming.... Read More Of course I tried to learn by my own but I learned slowly and wrongly. I advice you to not waste your time learning on your own and go to Le Wagon even if you have 0 skills in coding. Le Wagon strategy is learning by doing You will learn by doing exercices and projects. The courses are super clear and everyday you get to do exercices and live code. In the end of the bootcamp you get to do projects with your team. This was an awesome experience that I shared with my team mates, you get to code a project from scratch and this is the period where you realize how you leveled up and how much you did with no previous experience before Le Wagon. The unique power of Le Wagon is that you are never left alone.In the beginning this is really hard but the teachers are motivating (In Milan : Francesco Ecclesie, Angelica Vanni and Arbi Velaj), they will always be really patient and improve your skills. Appart from the staff, there is a buddy system which allow you to code with another student each day. Day by day, you get to know the other students and in the end it is like a big family. Now I left Le Wagon 2 months ago but in the end what did I get from that ?-Coding Skills : i can code, read and see the mistakes in RUBY HTML CSS JS ~&gt; A huge differentiation professionally and personnaly-A portfolio (Github, Two projects) ~&gt; this is really useful during interviews and change everything-I can code my own project ~&gt; amazing experience and could not do that if I did not attend Le Wagon before-A huge network with Le Wagon where you can share info with other students from all over the world, improve your skills and find jobs in front end/back end/full stack/marketing....-Many Friends because even if It is a serious bootcamp you will play hard, lots of dinners and drinks on weekends !Many thanks to Le Wagon :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Before LW, I was working as a cybersecurity consultant in Paris. This was a nice job. Bright people, reasonable hours, high salary, good working conditions. After four months I validated my trial period and suddenly the name of my contract hit me hard... Read More for what it was: “permanent”. A permanent life of boring suits, gloomy subway, consulting lingo and fake smiles. Nope. I freaked out, resigned and decided I needed something new. I had put coding in the back of my mind for a while. I talked to a friend who had done LW before and went through all the reviews I could find online. Change your life they said, alright, this seemed cool. I had no background in coding. I had tried once or twice to learn by myself and watched the first two lectures of Harvard CS50 course but that’s pretty much it. On the first meet-up right before the bootcamp, I remember meeting alumni and getting a little anxious. There were almost only ex-engineers. I had done business and my previous job consisted mainly in preparing PPT, writing reports and shaking hands... In the end, it is not about what you did before, it is just about how much time and effort you’re willing to put into it. Everyone can success. Looking back, I can say that Le Wagon has been, by far, the best learning experience in my life. It’s about coding of course but it is also much more than that. These guys entirely rethink the whole teaching process to make it as stimulating, challenging and rewarding as possible. In just 9 weeks, you become alternatively a student, a teacher, a teammate, an interviewer or a speaker. It completely changed my view on learning and motivation. I enjoyed every second of it.What you pay for:You've read around 500 5-stars reviews, you’re convinced. Now you want to jump in. There’s just one thing… 6000€. What can possibly justify that price? Everyone experiences the bootcamp differently but IMO the following is what made it more than worth it: - Resources: The hardest part about learning to code, especially on your own, is probably to sort through the huge amount of materials you can find online, to distinguish between good sources and bad ones, between essential knowledge and useless bs. LW does all the job for you and organizes it so that it makes sense. The good thing is you get a lifetime access to everything: video lectures in French and in English, challenges, corrections, course slides, useful links or documentations, flashcards… Even months after the bootcamp, alumni keep using the platform to go back to the basics or review a specific concept. - Teaching Assistants: The lecture takes place between 9:00 am and 10:30 am. Afterwards, the whole day is about coding and solving challenges. You’ll get stuck. A lot. The TAs are the guardian angels that will prevent you from repeatedly smashing your head against your screen to try and make your code work. They’ll walk you through the process step by step without giving you the answer until you solve the problem by yourself. They’re all alumni, they know what you are going through, they all did the bootcamp, sometimes a few weeks before you. They don’t know everything but they’re probably your best source of knowledge. Call them a lot and every time you do, take some time to summarize what you’ve just learned. - Network: LW has an exponentially growing alumni community. Unlike many other alumni communities, all the people there took a huge step to join LW. So everyone feels engaged and the community is all the more active. The different slack channels are alimented daily with news, new resources, job offers etc. By joining LW, you get a direct link to more than 3000 bright and open-minded people all around the world. It is invaluable.Now, after 5 years groping around with different courses, internships and jobs I’ve finally found something I can think of as a career path. Thank you Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have an initial background in both engineering and finance, with some experience in coding in VBA. I joined batch #146 at Le Wagon Paris, in the frame of a startup project that I undertake. I had the choice between hiring someone to code a prototype... Read More or teaching myself to code. I am today very glad that I chose the latter.The two-month experience was amazing, both in term of the content learned as well as for the human experience. Le Wagon bootcamp gives hands-on experience with whole afternoons for coding with your peers and the tutoring of knowledgeable and passionate teachers. Moreover, they give their very best to make the experience much more than lessons, by inviting you in different events to build a network with your peers and alumni.The whole curriculum perfectly fitted my initial needs. Not only did I learn in details, as promised, to code a website such as Airbnb, back and front ends, I also have gained enough autonomy to go beyond.I am today finishing the prototype of a project created during the dedicated last two weeks at Le Wagon. This project will be launched in beta very soon. I feel reassured for the future, as the rails framework taught at Le Wagon is so convenient that I will be able to quickly pivot from an idea to another, and re-prototype any kind of web apps if needed.Read Less",le-wagon
"After a year working on sales operations and growth, I felt like I was lacking technical skills: all I did was creating non-scalable process that required a lot of manual work and repetitive actions.I joined Le Wagon batch #146 to complete my business... Read More background and finally be able to bring code and automation to my process. Even though I felt completely lost at the beginning, the methodology developed at Le Wagon - and truly passionate and skillful teachers, thanks a loooot - helped me scale up my technical skills. Working for 9 full weeks with teammates on practical and incremental code challenges helped me getting completely comfortable with what was gibberish to me before :- Talk about technical subjects with developers- Implement technical sales tools- Connect to any API- Develop in-house tools to support growth needs- Scrape any website I wish in minutesThese are just few examples of the skills I developed thanks to this amazing Bootcamp that got me form knowing nothing about coding to being fully independent about creating whatever needs to be done, just what I needed.Le Wagon : an incredible team, an amazing methodology and brilliant teammates.Thanks a lot,VictorRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was the experience of a lifetime. After having dropped out of a Comp Sci degree at a formal University, I was on the quest to find a fast paced and all encompassing system that would a) Throw me into the world of programming b) teach me how to... Read More analyze and write code with a fundamental understanding and c) would allow me to participate in an environment that prepared me for the hi-tech industry. Le Wagon was all this and more!Le Wagon isn’t for the faint hearted, it is a rigorous and fast paced course that covers more subjects than anyone could ever hope to truly grasp in 9 weeks and yet somehow between the intuitive online platform (kitt), the buddy system that involves working in teams, and the amazing teachers and TAs that come to your rescue in the blink of an eye, you’re able to end this Bootcamp with the certainty that you ARE in fact, a full stack developer.If all that isn’t enough, Le Wagon also has an amazing community presence that allows you to connect with your batch alumni, alumni from other batches, teachers, investors and more; you’re never alone with Le Wagon!This was a life changing experience for me as well as my fellow classmates, I haven’t met a single person that had a negative thing to say about this program, and for good reason! If you want to learn to code while taking on a life changing endeavor, this course is for you!Read Less",le-wagon
"I previously worked as a Project Manager for a Real Estate Development firm in NYC. I oversaw different capital improvement projects along with managing the IT for the office. In 2014, I wanted to update my companies website, so I took a front end web... Read More development class. I really enjoyed the class and since then coding was always at the back of my mind. When I moved to London, I thought it would be a great opportunity to do something different as a career so I searched for a tech bootcamp. I was really drawn to Le Wagon because it had such a great entrepreneurial aspect to it, which I just really loved and connected with. Le Wagon was definitely one of the most mentally challenging experiences I have ever had. The material was very different to anything I had ever had to learn before. Everyday, I would go to Le Wagon to learn and code for 10 hours a day, then go home to eat, shower, and sleep. Then I would wake up the next day and repeat the same routine. It was like a mental marathon that lasted for 9 weeks. Although there were definitely times when I felt lost, I just kept trying my best knowing that in the end it would all somehow make sense in the end. The last two weeks we focused on building our final project. The team I worked on built a web app geared towards London boat owners so they could book a mooring spot in central London. It was a great way to put the skills we had built up during the past 7 weeks into producing a real product. Five weeks after the bootcamp, I received an offer for a junior developer role and will begin shortly. I think I learned more useful skills in 9 weeks at Le Wagon than anywhere else.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from university in December of last year as an Environmental Engineer. After two months figuring out my next move, I realized that something was missing. Being a big fan of technology, I always wanted to code but never had the chance to do... Read More it.I was planning to work on renewable technology accessibility and raising awareness of there presence in my country through a website. Then, I had a thought: “why not learn code and build this project with it?” Code, for me at the time, was this cryptic language that made every electronic thing work. After days of research, I found Le Wagon Barcelona and that was it. I had to do it.I arrived to Barcelona five days before the course started in May. I was amazed by the city that Barcelona is. Coming from a developing country, all the streets, buildings, parks and things to do where unbelievable.During my time at Le Wagon I didn’t only learn how to code. I learned how to think and manage motivation. During the 9 weeks, I was absorbing information at an incredible rate. It was the biggest challenge I had ever faced. From knowing zero code, I ended up building Ceziam for my project week alongside a team of very smart people in the same position I was in. Ceziam is an app, which anybody can use, that detects your websites core cybersecurity risks. I couldn’t believe that in just 9 weeks I had built a fully functional app that is now available to all!Now, the project continuous and Ceziam is becoming a company of which I’m a Co-founder. I also came back home and have the confidence that I can build the project I wanted to do. Le Wagon changed my life and made me a better thinker, a better engineer and a better person.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always knew I wanted to create my own business, but after finishing my undergraduate studies in management in London, I felt I lacked some of the tools to do it. Sharing a flat with three developers and wanting to develop my own product, I decided to... Read More do Le Wagon to get some knowledge in code. And knowledge I got. I can easily say that it is by far, one of the best experience of my life. Those 9 weeks were tremendously enriching on both an intellectual and human level. It is quite amazing what you can do when you put completely different people who share the same passion for learning, creating and innovating in the same room. Whether it was the quality and the dedication of the professors, the sharpness of the curriculum or the overall philosophy of the bootcamp, Le Wagon is a must do whether you want to become a developer, build your product or simply learn to code. It not only taught me how to build my own website and tools, it taught me humility, intellectual perseverance, and stirred my curiosity for other industries and new technologies. Those 9 weeks went by extremely fast although they required hard work. Now, I am pursuing my Master’s in Paris, developing my business on the side, maintaining the amazing friendships I made and annoy anyone who would listen that ‘Le Wagon is amazing’. Highly recommend.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am Growth Lead at Germinal. I did the Wagon (batch 101) when I was already a growth marketer but I began to feel limited in everyday life from a technical point of view: tools with limited functionality, need to understand the code in general and to... Read More become independent of developers, need to create custom scripts, code a site or features quickly.I had to become a technical marketer, but it's out of the question to waste my time 4 years in a school, or to learn for myself for months.The Wagon was obvious to me for 3 reasons: the training is fast, the quality of the training (more than 10 marketers around me praising the quality), the active and international community which is useful in a practical way when we have a question where professionally.During the training? 1) Many good meetings, networking, hyper interesting events. Today I can say that I am part of a community of developers that I see regularly and to whom I can call if necessary. 2) Pedagogy is very impressive (courses, exercises, live code, platform, flashcards, teachers assistants ...) and especially effective. Today I can say that I owe a lot to the Wagon.The price? It is worth it very widely. Work? Personally, I had 3-4 offers a week during the training, I chose the best.THANK YOU LE WAGON ---Je suis Growth Lead chez Germinal.  J'ai fait Le Wagon (batch 101) alors que j'étais déjà Growth marketer mais que je commençais à me sentir limité au quotidien d'un point de vue technique : outils aux fonctionnalités limitées, besoin de compréhension du code en général et d'indépendante vis-à-vis des développeurs, besoin de créer des scripts personnalisés, de coder un site ou des features rapidement.Je devais devenir technical marketer, mais hors de question de perdre mon temps 4 ans dans une école, ni d'apprendre par moi-même durant des mois. Le Wagon était comme une évidence pour moi pour 3 raisons : la formation est rapide, la qualité de la formation (plus de 10 marketers autour de moi en vantant la qualité), la communauté active et internationale qui est utile de façon pratique quand on a une question où professionnellement. Pendant la formation ? 1) Plein de bonnes rencontres, de networking, d'événements hyper intéressants. Aujourd'hui je peux dire que je fais partie d'une communauté de développeurs que je vois régulièrement et à qui je peux faire appel au besoin. 2) La pédagogie est très impressionnante (cours, exercices, live code, la plateforme, les flashcards, les teachers assistants...) et surtout efficace. Aujourd'hui je peux dire que je dois beaucoup au Wagon. Le prix ? Ça le vaut très largement. Le travail ? Personnellement j'ai eu pendant la formation 3-4 offres par semaine, j'ai choisi la meilleure.MERCI LE WAGONRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I was working as a SEO, ASO &amp; Analytics Manager for various companies like Ofertia or Leadtech, as well as being a digital marketing freelance.I needed some extra tech skills in order to make a good performance in my roles, as... Read More well as to start a new project by myself called EasyFork.Le Wagon helped me to learn code from 0 to a certain level that I can program a web app by myself. Now I am able to build my project as well as perform better in the past jobs I had thanks to that new skills. I was very lucky to have the chance to do the bootcamp in Barcelona, an amazing city to live in, with lots of tech companies and entrepreneurs.Read Less",le-wagon
"After working in banking for 5 years as a bond salesman, I decided to quit my job. I felt it was not intellectually stimulating anymore. Eager to learn a new skill that would unlock new opportunities in the challenging and demanding startup space, and... Read More feeling passionate about Rio, as soon as I learned Le Wagon offered the bootcamp there I decided to enroll in the programme. The 9 weeks were simply amazing. The bootcamp was very challenging and intense, and on day 1 I knew I had made the right choice. The cursus is flawless and before you know it, you develop impressing coding abilities. For our final project we build a peer to peer lending platform (www.crediteu.io). I honestly couldn’t have dreamed of being able to build a complex web app with relative ease after such a short period of time. We had a cool batch and we got along very well. I think the human/team spirit part of the bootcamp was as rewarding as the new acquired skills. On top of that, being in Rio made the experience unreal. I feel really privileged to have been able to combine the learning process with experiencing life in such a wonderful city. Not even one month after finishing the course, I am already working with friends on a project to build an apartment rental platform in Montreal. I strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone interested in the programming/tech startup scene, regardless of one’s background.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to joining le Wagon, I had worked in 3 SaaS startups. As Sales Manager, MD and CEO. I always felt like my lack of technical knowledge was costing me a lot: - I had no idea of what were the technical implications of client requests (so they had to... Read More wait for me to check with the tech team)- I couldn't appreciate properly the work of the tech team- I wasn't aware of what was possible or not.So after quite some time looking online, I selected Le Wagon. I didn't regret it at all: the tool and the methodology are just freaking awesome.I don't think I've absorb so much knowledge in such a short period of time! I also really enjoyed that they select candidates so that I was surrounded by very cool people! Today, I am actually working on a company project with 2 of my former classmates.Thank you le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"""Ideas are easy, execution is what matters!” and this is where Le Wagon jumps-in. We all have business ideas but few of us bring them into life. Some of us are too risk-averse, while others do not know “how to” or miss the skills to bootstrap their projects.... Read More I guarantee that the bootcamps will help you remove these roadblocks between your ideas and what could be your future venture.After business school, I worked for an international management consulting company for more than 2 years and was given the opportunity to take a leave to do “something different”. I had always been interested in computer science and wanted to gain the skills to develop my own business prototypes in the future. Therefore, I embarked on the journey and pushed this hidden door with a red kombi van logo on it.From day one you get totally immersed: the format is very demanding with 10+ hours of code every day but extremely well structured so that you continuously keep yourself focused and challenged. Lectures in the morning, katanas and coding challenges with your buddy during the day, live code to finish, without forgetting your daily homework. It will burn your brain but you will like it. Most importantly you realise how steep is your learning curve.The quality of the program is very impressive and its content is thoughtfully improved between every batch. Nowhere else you will find so much commitment to the quality of the teaching experience. Teachers and assistants are not only very strong technically and dedicated, they literally live through the program as much as we do as students: from your first steps with ruby algorithms to the deployment of your rails applications you continually feel pushed and motivated. As a result, you will develop strong fundamentals to become a full-stack developer and learn to gain the skills you need for your projects.However, on top of the solid technical skills you will build, the main value added of the bootcamp lies in the people you meet and the amazing community of alumni you join: this is priceless. Within your batch you will meet people with different backgrounds sharing the same motivation for learning to code and chasing their aspiration. You might find the ideal co-founder there! The resulting atmosphere consists in an incredible experience which you will remember for a long time.In a nutshell, I strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to jump into programming and learn the technical foundations to build web applications. Personally, the program brought me the skills to bootstrap a first project in data analytics and then, led me to launch SteerIO, a new project health analytics company leveraging collective intelligence and AI to boost project success rates and support organisations in their transformation journeys (more info on https://www.steerio.co/?src=switchup). What about you?Read Less",le-wagon
"I started my career as a trader in a bank but I always wanted to create my own business. When I had the opportunity to really launch my project I spent a lot of time finding my co-founder and web development skills to build my tech product. As a trader... Read More I know pretty well that time is money and I was then facing a situation where our product would have been built in several months and that it would have cost a lot to have it ready. I decided to stop the venture and learn to code in order to be able to build my idea from scratch. I wanted something efficient, so I short listed few bootcamps and contacted alumnis and read reviews. I had this interview with Edouard in their office and I was really seduced by the 9 weeks program and the atmosphere. This period was really important for me as I met people from many different horizons and it has represented the beginning of my new venture. I met my new co-founder at le wagon and now we have created our startup where we are launching the first price negotiator robot in the sharing economy. We have been able to code our bot from scratch in Ruby within messenger interface (m.me/helloearnest) and now we are coding a B2B web version.And thanks to the 3000+ le wagon alumni’s we are able to make partnerships with big names in our field.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been interested in Digital Tech for a while before finding Le Wagon. I have been working in Recruitment for the past 3 years and In my current company we have been exploring RecTech (""Recruitment Technologies"") for some time, which also added to... Read More my professional interest about digital products, software development and AI. After meeting Le Wagon representatives at Slush Shanghai and hearing a few positive reviews from friends, I have decided that doing the coding bootcamp will be a great way to kickstart my RecTech journey. And it was. For my final project I made my first RecTech baby steps - a 'personality-based recruitment platform'.The camp was very practical, fun and eye-opening for someone coming from outside tech. It was an intense 9 weeks, however I believe that it was the best way to learn coding in such a short time period. Most importantly Le Wagon taught me how to keep learning and practicing even after the camp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to be a graphic designer with strong knowledge of print media and marketing. I had made website designs and prototypes and worked on the visual side of web applications. I knew some HTML and CSS, but I had never any experience with the servers... Read More and backend part of the projects.At the age of 39, I felt that I had to make a change. Learning how to code is to our generation the same as was learning how to read and write to people two hundred years ago - the illiterate ones will never catch up with the faster ones in their career.So I looked for the best coding bootcamp in Europe and came across Le Wagon. The reviews were so good that I decided to apply. After graduating from batch no #124, I can assure you all that the positive 5-star reviews do not lie. It really is just as good coding bootcamp as it reads!The curriculum is excellent and its web-based online learning environment is super-useful. There is so much to explore and it's being improved on a daily basis. I still use it, and find answers to my questions today. The teachers are very professional, confident, natural talents - all of them. Especially Alice. She just kept the whole thing together and was such a great fun. You will get as much help as you ask - they are there for you all the time. They sit long hours with you solving a problem and later relax together with a beer. Very, very positive vibe indeed.What I liked the most, was the product-centered, entrepreneurial mindset an bias of the curriculum - we had product pitch sessions and brainstorms and everyone, who wanted, had a chance to shine.Surely the best thing about Le Wagon, is the large, worldwide community of like-minded entrepreneurial, helpful cool people that you will have a connection with after graduating.Everyone is always invited back for demo days and coctail nights to have a good time together.Five stars out of five. Period.Read Less",le-wagon
"With friends we had many ideas of web-based company that we wanted to create but I never had the skills to test them. So I read information about different bootcamps in France.After going to several demodays where I was surprised by the MVP’s quality... Read More that were showcased, I decided to register for their 9-week program.In the first days, we are warned that the training is intensive and it’s true ! We feel that the training is iterative and that Le Wagon improves its courses between each batch.I really liked the emulation between students. Everyone is caring and shares his knowledge. We all have the same passion : web, startups, technology, entrepreneurship but everyone has different backgrounds: one was a policeman before, others engineers, designers...In summary, this bootcamp allowed me to understand the web, how it works. It gave me some technical skills. It also brought me the pride of being able to develop the call-of-dirty project with 2 other alumni.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a developing country like Sri Lanka, I realised there was a growing demand for online platforms and marketplaces. As Law graduate, I was forced to turn to other web developers who charged considerable fees, before I even knew whether my platform... Read More would be of any commercial value. I decided instead to invest in learning the skill-set to create the platforms myself, rather than depending on third parties. Initially, the notion of learning an entirely new skill-set was daunting. After consulting many people and doing hours of research, I enrolled with Le Wagon. It seemed to be very product focused, and the atmosphere sounded amazing from the feedback online. I was a bit skeptical as first but decided to take the plunge.After completing the program, I can honestly say I have absolutely no regrets. The program is well designed and smoothly takes you from beginner to junior full stack web developer, building confidence and familiarity through out. The staff are amazing, supportive people and will do what's necessary for you to be in a comfortable learning environment despite the high demands of the course. I would totally recommend it to anyone keen on being entrepreneurial or starting a career as a web developer.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Remi and I just graduated from HEC, a business school in Paris. I'm currently launching a startup in the business travel space, and Le Wagon has been one of the most mind-blowing events in my life.I joined Le Wagon 2 years ago, during my gap... Read More year. After internships at a Rocket Internet startup and a VC, I felt I really wanted to create my own company. But I felt incapable of building anything with my own hands. Some of my friends had joined Le Wagon, and had told me a lot about it.I was the youngest guy of my batch (21 y/o at that time), but I felt welcome since day 1. I made friends with amazing people that were twice my age, and others that had completely different backgrounds. I enjoyed so much the unique peer-to-peer / learning-by-doing pedagogy I felt I had never learned anything so fast.Following Le Wagon, I became a freelance developer for a few months, and I got back to school. I never stopped coding, and I built the first version of our startup's product. I still hang out with friends I met at Le Wagon, and the community has been of great help when I was lost in my code :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon’s coding bootcamp in Paris to get real about learning the fundamentals of web development. Before that, I had been through dozens of online courses but I never really knew where to start so I just stagnated after a while. I knew I needed... Read More to change something if I wanted to make real progress.That’s when I came across Le Wagon and it’s bootcamp format. With Le Wagon, you go back to school for 9 weeks and learn web development the same way you used to learn other stuff back in the days: by giving it your full and uninterrupted attention, surrounded by teachers and other students.What I really love about Le Wagon’s coding bootcamp is that it’s designed to be comprehensive from the get go. No more a la carte, you’re on for the full menu. No need to pick random languages or difficulty levels. Those decisions have been made for you, which means that you can focus on what really matters.After completing Le Wagon’s full stack program, I now understand the grammar of web development and I feel like I can pick online courses or books with more confidence to keep making progress on my own. It’s a great feeling.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m an Olympian and former professional swimmer and I finished Le Wagon London’s bootcamp in March 2018 (batch #123). I had taken one coding class at university almost ten years ago and forgot everything with that bad experience. I moved to London to... Read More explore new careers and find a job and it was hard to find the right fit when lots of industries require some sort of technical skill or relevant experience. Le Wagon solidly put me on a path towards achieving that and solving this problem, and it was up to me to take it where I wanted. I think Le Wagon is a great fit for any entrepreneur wanting technical skills. If you want to get a developer job after, you will also be in the right place to achieve that. I just got a job as an Associate Engineer at BCG Digital Ventures and couldn’t be more pleased with what has happened!GoalsBefore Le Wagon, my goals were simply to learn and obtain technical skills that I could rely on as hard evidence for finding a job. What this job would be, I didn't know. But, I knew I wanted to equip myself with skills to be able to launch a digital product myself in the future and be a better entrepreneur. I never intended to work as an engineer and still can’t believe what has happened!Why I chose Le WagonLe Wagon was a great fit for me because they teach beginners from non-tech backgrounds with a bigger picture business perspective and with a purpose of making you a self sufficient developer. Le Wagon is much more interesting than a developer factory and they don't make money from recruiting fees when you get a job. They don’t force you to be a developer or pressure you when you finish to find a job as one. It is up to you to take your different background (from a tech industry point of view), your new skills and use it as a strength and get what you want in true entrepreneurial fashion.Curriculum and teachingLe Wagon’s curriculum is designed to teach you something hard very quickly, so inevitably there will be growing pains on the course and some aspects prioritized over the others. There is no such thing as a perfect curriculum; you will always have to fill in gaps yourself, as with anything. However, I thought Ruby/Rails was such a great choice by Le Wagon to get me started with software engineering. Given the course is nine weeks, the curriculum makes sense and its now unsurprising why such companies like Airbnb and Github used Rails in the first place. You’re trying to learn something hard like coding (or launch a fully fledged webapp/business like Airbnb) very, very quickly. This curriculum (and Ruby/Rails) teaches you to do that in a fun and entrepreneurial way and not to be a developer who will just build what they are told to build without questioning (no problem if that is what you want!). Having the opportunity to pitch product ideas to your classmates and teachers was amazing. It's a very product driven bootcamp; awareness to keep your ideas or features in line with the value proposition you seek to deliver is drilled in to you. During the project weeks, this was really important to be mindful of. There are not many better ways to learn than by creating a product you like, getting your creative juices flowing, feeling ownership over it and blowing yourself away with what you can build in ten days.All of the teachers were great and most of the TAs were as well. They didn't just simply give me the answer or code it for me. They were all patient and tried very hard to explain in multiple ways so that I would understand. There was a holistic approach to learning which I appreciate a lot - ""remember to eat properly, get enough rest and sleep"" etc.You will spend less time on some things (like testing and javascript), but in my opinion you leave Le Wagon with a solid core foundation that you will then be able to decide how to add to yourself (as is in life or on any job). If you compare this to other bootcamps, less impact on learning testing/javascript is a bit of a drawback, but Le Wagon is different to other bootcamps in a very creative way. You will leave Le Wagon with knowledge on how to go fill in the gaps, what to look for and with a big community to back you as well. Le Wagon is great value for money and time. I still cant believe 9 weeks jumpstarted the process and eventually lead me to land an awesome job.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining the Le Wagon bootcamp I was working at a company called TicketSwap, a tech company in the ticketing industry. There, I managed the support team. I joined TicketSwap as the first employee, so during the first years I witnessed a lot regarding... Read More the development of the product. I liked talking to the developer colleagues and figure out how things, technically, work. After 4 years my time at TicketSwap came at an end because I wanted to change course and learn more about coding. A good friend of mine told me about the bootcamp and after a short holiday I hopped on board the Wagon. During the 9 weeks I learned so much. It’s incredible to see what you can do in that period. Even though I shouldn’t, I tend to compare it with my bachelor degree. I wonder; why did I need 4 years to get this diploma while I only needed 9 weeks to learn how to code and set up a working web app. In our final project we created a platform where people could recommend podcasts to their followers through donations. It’s like a Twitter on steroids where your feed contains the recommended podcast (not sure if it’s still online: mendio.co). Working together with other people was a great experience as well. Now, after the bootcamp, I’m doing a traineeship of 3 months at a company called Ace &amp; Tate. I’m working on the back-end of this webshop, not only maintaining the webshop but also things like inventory and order management. Pretty complex stuff, but I know my why around thanks to Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at LeWagon was great in terms of learning and networking - great team. Would defo recommend to any entrepreneur in tech with no coding skills.Launched 2 startups in 2017. I had to stop the first one as the devs I was working with stopped... Read More coding because they were too suddenly unable to continue and I wasn’t able to code it myself at the time. I wanted to develop an app and improve the website for the second startup which is still running, so I decided to enroll to Le Wagon and learn coding. Now I am in a much better position to do so and work with developers.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon in Paris during summer 2017. It was an intensive but great summer. I was surprised by how much I was able to learn during such a short period of time and couldn't have imagined before the bootcamp that I was going to really be able... Read More to code for a living after the summer. I got hired by a startup as a backend developper right after Le Wagon and even though it was though in the beginning compared to other more experienced developpers, after a while I was fully operational. Great overall experience at Le Wagon, teachers and assistants that take time to help and are almost always available. Great methodology for teaching with only a few courses and a lot of exercizes. Highly recommended.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always wanted to know how to code without really knowing where to start. My several attempts to learn as an autodidact has always failed so I decided to look for training. This is how I found Le wagon Tōkyō. The courses are given in English, which seemed,... Read More to me, more reassuring to learn new concepts.It’s a training that mainly focuses on the exercises.The boot camp not only taught me how to code, but it also instilled a methodology and a new way of thinking. Teachers and teacher’s assistant are obviously always there to help you but they will also entice you to be autonomous by finding the solution by yourself. They will show you how to find the solution efficiently on the online documentation. During the boot camp i used a lot of new tools like Git, Postman, Airtable. And the School learning platform is quite cool too. With Training videos, flashcards, etc.Le Wagon Tokyo boot camp is also a community, with many meet-ups and speakers. Recruitment firm, Specialist in marketing and cyber security comes to provide advises and recommendations .I found a job just before the end of the boot camp thanks to the management of the boot camp that put me in contact.What emerges from these two intensive months is an immense satisfaction that I highly recommend to anyone looking for a career change or simply getting new skills .Read Less",le-wagon
" Before Le Wagon, I had just finished a business degree in University. I liked it but I wasn’t too happy to go to a mega corporation and read excel sheets for 8 hours a day or work myself to sleep in a consulting company (nothing’s wrong with it if it’s... Read More your vibe).I was really scared that coming from a business background and not knowing anything about code I wouldn’t keep up! The thing is that most of my group came from different backgrounds and places and had complete opposite experiences from me! Not only did that leave me at ease about my lack of knowledge in the matter but it created the amazing environment that is Le Wagon! The 9 weeks were very hard but so rewarding. It’s was constant shift between feeling on top of the world and feeling like you truly have no idea of what’s happening. The truth is that none of us gave up and I ended up presenting an amazing project - not bias at all :)Now that I finished, I want to learn more and find a job as a junior developer. I feel like the course has given me more than enough skills to do so.100% recommend it to anyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"In late 2017 I started to feel stuck. My latest production - a VR experience - wasn’t any better than the last, and I resolved to speak with a mentor who suggested that I take some time to learn code. It’d been a significant insecurity on past projects... Read More involving development efforts of any kind, my ignorance as to what happened behind the screen meant I was incapable of scoping or leading a project to fruition without a great deal of anxiety and quite an impostor syndrome. My passion for video games and interactive stories had grown immeasurably and I made the decision: I joined Le Wagon bootcamp 2018.The first few days are incredible, even magical, as you feel your assumptions about yourself slowly fade, and you begin to understand that it isn’t just a mystery box. Coding the projects in Rails was immensely beneficial for both my confidence and to ensure your teamworking ability in post-bootcamp life.Today I work with developers and designers to build experimental digital productions, although I’ll continue to produce audiovisual every now and again. Everything I learned at the bootcamp is useful in one way or another, and I’m looking forward to going back for alumni events - primarily game nights!Read Less",le-wagon
"I learned more applicable skills in 9 weeks than I did in four full years of university (and I learned a lot in university!)I took a pause from a career in investment banking and traveled from California to London just to attend Le Wagon as I had heard... Read More of the schools stellar reputation, and I was not disappointed. I didn’t know anyone in the country, and had no idea how to code (I actually thought CSS stood for Computer Science Something, whoops), so of course the process was a bit intimidating. Thankfully, the folks at Le Wagon seriously know how to run the camp to eliminate that anxiety from week one. Nobody here has an ego, and I think that culture is driven top down from management and the teachers, as well as in their selection process. Every single person was friendly, approachable, and helpful. Everyone wants to learn and progress together, and it makes for a really special time.A word of advice: You will feel stupid. You will feel incompetent. You will DEFINITELY doubt whether or not you’ve got what it takes to code. That’s normal — and it’s all part of the process :slightly_smiling_face: By the end of the camp (especially in the last two weeks) you’ll be slinging apps left and right.Le Wagon will always hold a very special place in my heart. I’ve made some great friends here, and know I have a place where I belong across the pond. Shout out to Batch 143!!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I lived in the US for 9 years were I pursued my undergraduate degree in Business and later on my MBA and Master's in Science of Finance. After 2 years of experience in the steel industry I worked in process management and business development for a private... Read More business group dedicated to Retail and Real Estate (3 years) were I got to travel to places like: Portugal, Brazil, South Korea, Switzerland, Ireland, China and Hong Kong.Joining Le Wagon has been the best decision I have made and would advice a younger me to have joined this industry years ago. Now that I'm a FullStack Programmer I can freelance, join any industry or startup I want.The community of Le Wagon is friendly, collaborative and connected to high-profiles that can open doors everywhere. Lose the tie, put on your Nike's and come join Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Since I always had enjoyed cooking at home I decided to try myself in the culinary arts industry as a side income while studying. Ever since that day my life was all knives and flames, scars and stress for the most part of the year except the wakeboard... Read More instructor job I had in summers when I could recharge my self again for upcoming part of the year in the kitchen. I had always been determined and unafraid of hard work so I quickly excelled from cook to chef in small but interesting places, restaurants and projects.As the years passed on, the novelty of my career faded, the urge to prove myself in the kitchen became pointless, and it became increasingly hard to understand or justify the choices I had made. At some point, I realized 10 years of culinary experience on my resume could only lead to 10 more years of culinary experience and 60+ hour work weeks in the kitchen was something I did not want to tolerate any more.So last year I quit my job abandoned my plans to go to culinary school in Italy to become a master chef of Italian cuisine and I set off on a journey of self-discovery that lead me to code. I started to learn from online courses by myself but since coding was something completely new to me and there are so many deferent things you can learn I needed some kind of basic structure where to start from. So searching in google lead me to LeWagon page. I immediately found a lot of amazing reviews about this boot camp and as I wanted to meet like-minded people and learn as fast as possible this looked like perfect opportunity to kick-start my career as a developer. So I enrolled in LeWagon coding bootcamp in Amsterdam.So about the LeWagon in Amsterdam-Usually people have the image of coders as boring, lonely, weird people who spend their days in front of screens and don’t want to communicate with others, but in Le Wagon you see that coding actually can require a lot of collaboration with diverse group of amazing people, with different age, backgrounds, experiences, nationalities and you all work to gather as equals to learn and create something amazing.Overall experience was nothing short of incredible. I’ve probably never learnt so much in such a short time. Every day you are surrounded by inspiring teachers that are there to help when you hit the wall. In nine weeks you learn a solid introduction to all the necessary tools you would require to reach a productive level, how to put them all together, and how to collaborate in team and make MVP product from scratch in 7 days. There is almost no time to rest. It’s difficult but completely worth it!Be aware that the bootcamp will not do the work for you. To get anything out of it, you’ll have to give it your full commitment. So if you are planning to do this, the main thing to get the most out of it is to prepare your self properly. Do all the prework that is given by the LeWagon and do it twice if possible. Take a vacation and try to arrange everything so you don’t get much distraction during the 9 weeks. Prepare your self physically as well - be in good health, well rested.If you are looking for bootcamp experience then LeWagon is the one!P.S.After bootcamp I went back to my home country Latvia and started to apply for jobs. I was looking something ruby or frontend related. All the frontend positions where asking for PHP knowledge so I started to learn that. After a month and a half of actively applying, doing test works and going to some job interviews I finally found a job opportunity that I really was excited about - frontend developer in a digital agency that is one of the best in Latvia. Long story short - two days after my job interview I got the job as a junior web developer. Right now it is the end of my second month there. All the knowledge I gained in LeWagon is a huge help in learning and understanding the new work environment - cause right now I’m working with php Laravel. So my recommendation - if you find a job opportunity that makes you excited and by description, it may be over your skill level, but you still know you want it - go ahead and apply for it - you still could get it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I had a stable job that I liked, but I didn't love. I needed a change, something that pushed me forward to a better and happier future. And that's when I found Le Wagon.I'm not going to lie or sugar coat it. Those 9 weeks were the most... Read More intense weeks of my life so far. I had opposite feelings throughout (sometimes at the same time): I loved it and I hated it, I felt really smart and really dumb, I wanted to hug the teachers and punch them. On the first day, Shannon said 'you just gotta keep going and trust the process' and that's what I did. And it was painful. And I survived. Not only I survived, I had 2 prototypes done and was as proud of them as a mother is proud of her children. They were my babies, they were the result of 9 weeks of hard work, and I couldn't be happier.I learned a lot and I made new friends, there was time to be serious and time to have fun (Cocktail Thursday!), and I ended up with a whole new set of skills. Now I have a new door open and a new future for me to explore.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to pursue a career in coding after almost of decade of having an interest but never taking the leap. I started researching bootcamps about a year before actually enrolling. Once I discovered Le Wagon and read it's mission, I knew it was the... Read More right choice for me. I Immediately enrolled for Batch #144 in Montreal.I have BA in Anthropology and I worked as a research internship coordinator before coming to Le Wagon. You absolute do not need to have a maths or coding background, although a large amount of commitment and motivation is required. Le Wagon has quenched a thirst I had for challenging myself. It is intense program that pushes you to your limits in the best way possible. The support system in place is well thought out and geared towards ensuring that each student will find their flow and to provide the resources needed. I am now brushing up on skills learned, creating my own portfolio, and will hopefully begin freelancing in the near future.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a great way to transition into tech as an entrepreneur. I am a former finance professional who has run my own business since 2009. I am excited by the changes in technology and want to transition my business towards using more technology.... Read More As a business owner I considered it essential that I had the ability to control and understand the code my business utilises, which meant I needed to learn to code. Le Wagon’s programme exceeded all my expectations. In the nine weeks we learnt full stack web-development and the final fortnight involved writing our own project. Le Wagon combines an enthusiastic staff and a world class teaching platform to deliver knowledge. Best of all we retain access to our lectures and notes on the platform after the programme and I am already reaching out to the vast alumni network to help me with problems. It is very difficult to change career or direction, but Le Wagon’s programme is one of the best ways to do it.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I started with Le Wagon for Batch 144 in Montreal, QC I had a career as a Head Chef/Baker that I was starting to get very tired of after 10 years. I had been taking University Classes for Game development that did not seem to be getting me where... Read More I wanted to go and that’s when I researched coding boot camps in my area and found Le Wagon. I was amazed at what I became a part of after that. A community that my online classes could never give me, along with the hands-on teaching that would give me a true understanding of what I was programming.I remember looking at job posting for web development and seeing the list of languages and libraries, thinking to myself how in the world you learn all of those and now I look at those lists and feel confident in going into interviews and discussing each item on that list. Right out of the boot camp I had two interviews with companies and one being from a recruiter from LinkedIn that because of this boot camp wanted to recruit me. Along with the interviews, I create my own projects and am starting to do freelance, successfully completing my career change.Read Less",le-wagon
"En 9 semaines @Le Wagon Marseille, on apprend à coder mais pas que …  Marseille, la belle cité phocéenne, où le climat annuel est chaud, ce qui nous permet de valoriser nos jolies calanques … Marseille où ses habitants sont des gens au top du top avec... Read More lesquels il est sympa de prendre l’apéro en jouant aux fléchettes ou alors en regardant la meilleure équipe du monde : l’OM … Marseille où il est désormais possible d’apprendre à coder !?# Oh l’enc …. OUI, grâce au Wagon et à son staff autant pédagogue que formidable il est désormais possible pour quiconque d’apprendre les bases du code.  Alors, OUI il faut vivre cette expérience pour y croire. Je n’avais jamais codé une seule ligne de code avant le Wagon et pour être tout a fait franche je n’y connaissais rien du tout, et à présent je me surprends à coder tout ce qui me passe par la tête. En 9 semaines au Wagon Marseille, j’ai appris les langages : Ruby / Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SQL, mais je me suis également fait pleins de contacts et d’amis. Le Wagon est à l’humain ce que le Ruby est a l’objet, je recommande cette formation pour tout ce qu’elle m’a apporté autant d’un point de vue compétences que d’un point de vue humain.Alors OUI changez de vie et apprenez à coder grâce au Wagon Marseille.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating with a liberal arts degree in 2015, I began working in an operations role at a financial services firm. I quickly realized my curiosity was not satiated by the work and moved into an application development team as a business analyst.... Read More This role brought me close enough to product development to know that this is an area I'd like to continue my career in, but I was missing the technical knowledge needed to properly engage.I joined Le Wagon to gain a deeper technical skill set before beginning an MBA at MIT this fall. Taking this knowledge with me to business school will allow me to achieve 3 of my goals: 1) Meaningfully engage in the start-up community at b-school and have the skills to bring my ideas to life; 2) credibly pursue technical Product Management roles in the tech space for summer internships and full-time employment post-graduation; 3) relying on my foundational understanding of programming, take further courses at MIT and learn other languages such as python and R (I'm also interested in data analytics).Having completed the 9 weeks, I can’t speak highly enough of the instructors, the environment they create or the quality of the coursework. Coding was the first time I’d felt such highs as I did when I’d finally coded my way through a tough problem, or such lows as getting stuck on something that seemed like it should be easy. What made my Le Wagon experience so valuable, was that when I hit the lows, I could always turn to the buddy I was paired with for that day or call over one of the many teachers and tutors available, to help talk me through it. If I had been studying alone, those moments would have brought my progress to a halt. Getting a dev job at the end of the course was not a selection criterion for me and I was therefore surprised to realize in the last few weeks, just how prepared I was to take that next step into a junior dev role, or to work on one of the freelance projects a fellow Le Wagon Alumni had taken on and was looking for help with. I have no doubt that I would have been able to get a job and found it rather regretful that I wouldn’t be able to continue learning in that manner for another year or two. It’s not possible to learn everything about anything in 9 weeks, but the Le Wagon approach did set me up to continue to learn and successfully figure things out on my own. I’m taking full advantage of continued access to all the resources I had as a student as I continue working on my group project and a personal project I’ve started.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to Le Wagon I was a Management Consultant in a firm specialising in technology projects, where I had worked with web developers in non technical roles such as business analyst. I found working with them very enjoyable, but always felt held back... Read More by my lack of technical knowledge, so decided to dedicate some time to complete a full stack web development bootcamp.I chose Le Wagon due to its excellent reputation and online reviews and it was one of the best decisions I have ever made. The teaching and course structure were excellent. The course is intense and challenging, but worth it - I’ve learned far more than I ever imagined. The teaching staff are fantastic and it was great to work with other students from different backgrounds and countries.I also really enjoyed the entrepreneurial focus of Le Wagon and working as a team on two projects built in the final weeks of the course. I am confident now building MVPs, and perhaps more importantly, Le Wagon has equipped me with the knowledge and skills to continue learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"I would recommend the bootcamp at Le Wagon to anyone looking to catapult themselves into the world of web development. It's just an awesome experience.Before starting the bootcamp, I was a product manager working closely with developers, eventually realising... Read More that development would be a better fit for me. I firstly tried to teach myself through the online route which was OK but didn't really suit the way I worked. A campus based course is obviously a lot more expensive but your learning happens so much quicker - being able to ask teachers questions face to face as well as coding in teams is so crucial, especially when you're first starting out.In terms of the course, the curriculum is very structured and the dashboard is a fantastic resource tool that all students and alumni have access too. Super important when you start coding post-course. It's a massive learning curve and you have to be super on it but the teachers are great and create a great environment to learn as much as possible which is what it's all about. There were also a real mix of interesting people on the course and being part of the massive Le Wagon community is absolutely awesome and something I hope to stay involved in for the rest of my working life. Hope this helps anyone thinking of starting the bootcamp - do it!Read Less",le-wagon
"- What you were doing beforeFreshly after my studies, in early 2008, two friends and I created an insurance comparison Web service, for the Polish market. We developed it for the last 10 years, until December 2017.I was the public person there, responsible... Read More for clients (insurance companies) and investors. I used to work a lot with our CTO, and with IT teams from insurance companies we did collaborate with.- Why you wanted to learn to code Our CTO told us 10 years ago, « guys you should learn to code ».. I did have a look on some php lesson and then decided I was already to old for learning such complicated things. 10 years later, I realised he was not actually (always) wrong :) Most startup founders have a huge technical lack. What would you think about a restaurant owner, who does not know if noodles are cooked in cold, or hot water? Well.. most CEO’s (including me), have (had:)) no clue how things are really working.I met a LW alumni in Barcelona, during a french tech meet and pitch event in march this year, I realised LW existed and seemed able to fill the gap! I red, had a talk with Gus (managing LW Barcelona), and trusted their leitmotiv: « change your life, learn to code ».- How LW helped, (promote your project!) and a few words about BarcelonaI started confident that LW would make me at least understand code.. as the bootcamp was going on, beside a great human adventure (9 weeks facing code challenges, with other « poor » volunteers, just like me), I discovered LW was even able to teach us more: how to code on our own!LW just figured out how to store encyclopaedias in our heads.. To be honest, I had serious doubts about my ability to learn so much.. but guess what.. we always can learn and LW knows how to make it happen!Few words about LW Barcelona in particular.. LW processes and teaching techniques are perfectly organised.. but.. what makes a huge difference, what makes us all (students) keep motivated and never giving up.. are people working in there (from general manager to most junior teacher).. they just keep motivating us, treating us like with a lot of attention.. and patience. I feel like they were here to make us feel good, happy, focused and part of the LW community.I’ll conclude adding that LW was the best experience I ever had. I encourage any one reading those lines.. to read more feedbacks.. and just jump into it!During LW bootcamp, I red this on the Google Chrome daily momentum : « Live as if you were to die tomorrow »… (this we know.. but what comes next)…« Learn as if you were to live forever. » - Mahatma GandhiCheers / Abrazo!Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are reading this post, you probably know that the slogan for Le Wagon is “change your life learn to code”. It sounded like a platitude to me, at least it was how I felt before joining the camp. However, before I realized it, Le Wagon experience... Read More actually changed my life. During the camp, not only did I learn the foundation of coding, but it also helped build up my confidence. This confidence allows me to continue learning more advanced coding challenges independently even after the camp. In addition, Le Wagon helps me to connect to different tech communities which helps me to gain insights on the different tech sectors. More importantly, I met a group of new friends who share common interests, and join hackathons together. Therefore, I would proudly recommend Le Wagon to my friendsRead Less",le-wagon
"If you are reading this post, you probably know that the slogan for Le Wagon is “change your life learn to code”. It sounded like a platitude to me, at least it was how I felt before joining the camp. However, before I realized it, Le Wagon experience... Read More actually changed my life. During the camp, not only did I learn the foundation of coding, but it also helped build up my confidence. This confidence allows me to continue learning more advanced coding challenges independently even after the camp. In addition, Le Wagon helps me to connect to different tech communities which helps me to gain insights on the different tech sectors. More importantly, I met a group of new friends who share common interests, and join hackathons together. Therefore, I would proudly recommend Le Wagon to my friendsRead Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I worked as a project and event manager. During my career, I became frustrated with all the manual processes of the work and the time they took. These sort of processes leave event managers stressed along with a great deal of additional... Read More work. I constantly looked for ways to resolve this problem for my offices but soon realised it was possible, through technology, to change the whole industry. This is when I seriously started looking to become a dev.It can be overwhelming looking for bootcamps as there are so many, I chose Le Wagon as it had the best reviews. For me, the most important thing was that I secured a job after the course, as I quit my job to make the change of career. At first I wasn’t sure that I made the right decision but as soon as my first day was over I knew that I had made the right choice. Not only were the teachers very helpful but they are extremely knowledgeable. They will ensure you understand what you are doing and will go above and beyond by answering questions, even after hours.The way the course is set up is extremely thought out, it allowed me to work autonomously but still had me feel supported. The course is very intense but completely worth it and I can say that signing up to the course is the best choice I have ever made! I am so proud of myself, of what I have learned, my project but mostly that I can now work as a dev. It is really something I am be proud of.I have never been happier with my career and it is all because of Le Wagon. I cannot recommend it more.Read Less",le-wagon
"Just do it. Whatever your background, age, gender... and whatever you plan to do with your newly-gained tech skills (and the ""never give up"" mindset!) afterwards, it will be worth it. The bootcamp is INTENSE, so make sure you don't have any job or other... Read More studies besides it! I had zero coding background and learned sooo much in such a short time. The curriculum was great - suits all backgrounds and difference pace, the teachers were very helpful and my classmates were extremely motivated. You also get access to the platform for life, so can always come back to refresh your knowledge. The community is really big and helps each other out with tech questions, job opportunities, etc.I very highly recommend Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Now, six months after camp and six months into freelancing as a web designer &amp; developer, it’s hard to believe that this time last year I didn’t know how to write even one line of code. So how did I get to where I am now? I know it might sound overdramatic,... Read More but I feel like there was my life before Le Wagon, and my life after Le Wagon, and both feel worlds apart.Life Before Le WagonAfter graduating from university in my hometown, Montreal, Canada, I moved to Beijing, and then subsequently to Shanghai in 2015 when I started working as a buying assistant for a luxury fashion multibrand. After about a year and a half, I started itching for something with a little more responsibility and creative freedom, so when the opportunity to join a founding team on a fashion startup arose, I jumped on it. Working at this startup was an intense and valuable experience for me, and acting as the product manager, one of my responsibilities was to manage the tech team building our main product. Out of all my duties, I found communicating and managing the tech team to be the most difficult, or at least the one task I knew that I could definitely improve at. In an effort to learn more of anything within the tech space, I attended one of the Le Wagon public workshops “How to Build a Landing Page in 2 Hours”. I loved it! I was so fascinated by how a few lines of code could translate into my own website (an ugly one, but still a website!). The workshop is how I discovered Le Wagon and I told myself that if ever I had a gap in work, I’d join the bootcamp.Sure enough, a few months later, the start up didn’t work out and instead of looking for a new job straight away, I decided to join Le Wagon and develop my tech skills so that I could become a more experienced and knowledgeable product manager/start-up founder/fashion e-commerce owner/insert-whatever-job-title, seeing as tech experience would only help in any of the potential future jobs I could think of for myself.Life During Le WagonI started the 9-week bootcamp in October 2017. The first few weeks were hard. We were learning Ruby and as I found some things logical, I found most things too abstract for my visual mind. It was a lot of frustration and a lot of reminding myself to be patient and do my best. In fact, dealing with frustration (which really is just learning how to learn, find answers, and unfrustrate yourself), patience, and doing your best, ended up being some of the most important takeaways for me from the camp, and are probably the most applicable now after I’ve graduated as well.For those who don’t know the Le Wagon structure, every morning we have a lecture for 1-2 hours, and the rest of the day is spent working on practical exercises with a partner paired at random. This course set up is designed to replicate the real world, and is what strengthened all of our abilities to learn how to learn tech. What does that mean? We don’t get fed answers, the same way that would never happen after you graduate. First, we must try and find solutions to issues on our own, then by asking our partner, then by writing a ticket online calling for help to one of the teachers or TAs as you would in a tech forum like Stack Overflow. Apart from the rigorous training, Le Wagon also set up various talks and company visits that we were incredibly lucky to get the chance to be a part of. I very quickly realized that Le Wagon is much more than a bootcamp, it's a far-reaching community and network of helpful, intelligent, and passionate individuals. The community and network aspect is the biggest contributor and reason I was able to move into freelance so seamlessly right after camp.Life After Le WagonTime since finishing Le Wagon has flown by, but in a good way. After a much-needed break and visit back home at the end of camp, I still wasn’t sure whether I’d look for a new full-time job, or end up pursuing freelancing. I decided I’d return to Shanghai and freelance as I look for a new job, but the day after returning, one of my good friend’s from camp who had gotten hired by a startup company as a developer got me a freelance project with his company doing front-end work. This snowballed into a second project, and then a third, and then I soon had little to no time (or desire) to look for a full-time job anymore. I’ve definitely learned the pros and cons of freelancing over the last few months, and have constantly had my boundaries pushed, but that’s what has forced me to learn and grow post-camp. Most importantly, as was so valuable during camp, the Le Wagon community and network has been the biggest change in my life. Not only do I have all this new knowledge that opened a completely new realm and sea of opportunity, but I also have these incredible supportive peers, many of which have become some of my closest friends.A year ago I would have never believed I’d be doing what I do now, and now I can’t believe that I didn’t know much of anything about tech a year ago. Like I said, I feel like there was my life before Le Wagon and now there is my life after.Read Less",le-wagon
"Joining Le Wagon was one of the major turning points in my life. A year before Le Wagon, I was a fresh undergraduate with an engineering major that I assumed would be “hot” and lucrative (read: popular). Fast- forward a year and I found myself winding... Read More up in Shanghai with no real employment experiences in the past year, forced to reconsider my future. What prompted me to take a leap of faith and join Le Wagon was the urge to do something different. A year of countless job applications and rejections persuaded me to make that switch into coding, and I haven’t regretted it since.Everyone who has gone through the program (or has a friend who’s gone through it) knows how utterly bizarre those 9 weeks felt. It’s a gruesome mixture of pain, frustration, and pleasure, but oddly enough, it doesn’t cease to become one of the most memorable and unforgettable experiences of our lives. For 9 weeks straight, every day is filled with difficult challenges and the satisfying opportunity to work with a soon-to-be friend or colleague. What I soon realized is that these 9 weeks were the shortest 9 weeks I’ve ever felt.When it came to coding, my personal adventure was as frustrating as it was satisfying, constantly trying to learn a new craft and apply it at the same time. I had some prior experience, albeit elementary, with coding, but within the first week of the camp I felt like I was in uncharted territory. This didn’t scare me as much as it did ignite a kind of passion within that made me want to learn more and take on each daily challenge. As each week went on, this passion grew and was evenly matched by more complex challenges, eventually resulting in a final project for Aarusha Homes, a company in India that aims to provide sustainable and affordable housing for low-income migrant workers. Our team built a backend hotel management system to help modernize Aarusha Homes' hotel management procedures, from pen and paper practices into computerized guest tracking.My story with Le Wagon doesn’t just end there. In fact, I have Le Wagon to thank for my current job. If not for its vast alumni network and also the skills it’s armed me with, I would not be in working in the role I am today.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have just completed the Le Wagon bootcamp in London and had an amazing time!The team in London is fantastic; all of the teachers are super enthusiastic and encouraging, very knowledgeable and willing to help. However, they won’t spoon feed you answers,... Read More instead, they will ask you questions and help you break down the issue into small parts so that you can reach the solution by yourself. The team manage to create a great balance of hard work (I was knackered by the end of every week) whilst maintaining a fun and relaxed atmosphere (I always looked forward to going back in on Monday).The course is tough and can be slightly overwhelming at the beginning as you learn a lot of new information very quickly. The teachers keep repeating that “it will eventually click” and thankfully, it appears that it does! A lot of thought has clearly gone into the structure of the nine weeks and you keep building on the ideas that you have been exposed to earlier in the course. During the course (and forever after) you have access to all of the lectures (videos), lecture slides / notes, challenges and flashcards which is a fantastic resource. Ed also does a great job of organising loads of talks in the evenings with a variety of speakers and also provides sessions on writing CVs, looking for jobs, updating LinkedIn etc., all which were very useful. Another great thing about Le Wagon is that it is not all about the coding! You are able to develop your presentation skills, understand further what it takes to build a successful company and gain experience of working as a team within a development environment. As well as this, you meet an incredible mix of people from different backgrounds (and from all over the world!) all who are extremely motivated to learn a new skill.Having worked in the Insurance industry for 4 years prior to attending Le Wagon, I was nervous about changing career paths and learning a new skill. In hindsight I am extremely thankful that I look the leap and enrolled on the course. Thank you to all of the Le Wagon team !Read Less",le-wagon
"Struggling to learn web development by myself and looking forward to brush up my skills more efficiently, I came across Le Wagon coding boot-camp and it was for me the best decision that I have taken lately . With a very complete program and setup, a... Read More professional platform including efficient well organised order to study different needed tools for a web developer , highly skilled and experienced teachers, also I got the chance to have such wonderful classmates and a best teacher assistant !(who become a real friend: Douglas).And once an alumni you have access to very huge community and forever support from teachers and assistance to get job or to start your own startup.I advise anyone who really would like to understant coding and web development to choose le Wagon!Arigatou gozaimau le WagonRead Less",le-wagon
"My experience with Le Wagon Batch 144 in Montreal has been amazing. The curriculum and staff had made it possible for me to learn web development in the simplest and most effective way. It provides the students with the skills that it needs in the tech... Read More industry, which does not only include a strong understanding of back end and front end development but also a strong group work ethic. Moreover, Le Wagon has such a big community of likeminded people that it continues to benefit those who have graduated from it. The ability to connect with over 3000 alumni worldwide through slack benefits you as many alumni’s are willing to lend a hand and help you in things such as tech advice or jobs. The 9 week program instills in you the tools you need to start a career in the tech industry and the network to lean on. I loved my experience with Le Wagon. I got all the skills I wanted and I would recommend this program to anyone who asks.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hey I’m Benoit I attended the Wagon course in March 2018 in Paris.I am 22 years old and I am still not graduated from my business school. Wishing to evolve in a web environment, I decided to join the Wagon as early as possible because I was particularly... Read More frustrated not having any technical skills I am passionate about beautiful web products and fluid UX and I wanted to join a B2B Saas start up as a full-stack developer intern.This is why I joined Workelo, and as soon as I arrived I find out myself to be operational really soon ! Since then I have been learning every day really easily thanks to the robust pedagody and mindset provided by the wagon. But above that, what makes the greatest strength of the wagon is the “community”, I met within my batch very inspiring people from various backgrounds!Long life to the wagonRead Less",le-wagon
"I was in batch #143 of Le Wagon in London.For the past ten years, I have tried to make a career out of teaching and translation. After a decade, I realised that this isn’t my passion. I’ve always really enjoyed anything computer related and I’m very interested... Read More in IT. I seemed to pick things up pretty fast in the past, but I think the fact that some people have been coding since they were 13, and I have not, always kept me from trying. The fact that it is a very male dominated industry also didn’t help! When I finally decided to take the plunge and try, I researched which coding bootcamp in London was the best. Le Wagon kept coming out on top.I knew that the course was going to be hard, I didn’t doubt that at all, but I may even have underestimated a bit. Being bombarded with new information every single day was a big challenge. I even dreamt of coding every night during the entire course! However, I really enjoyed learning all these new and interesting things, and being able to actually use a skill you’ve just learnt after two weeks of thinking it is an impossible task is an amazing feeling. It really helped that, besides having such a tight team of amazing teachers, my fellow students were also extremely motivated and helpful. Especially the other women on the course really helped me through it! The final weeks, where you spent time working on a project in a team, were great. It’s amazing to see how everyone has their own strengths within a project group, and it felt really good to see our app coming together so nicely. In our batch, we were the only group who created an app towards helping people rather than making money, and I’m very proud of that. The app is designed to be a crowdfunding platform for people who are homeless, to make them a profile and get the items they need funded. Hopefully, someday we can deploy our app for real and help people.If you are interested in learning to code I would very much recommend Le Wagon. The atmosphere is great and afterwards, you’ll be part of a coding community for life. Don’t expect it to be easy, but you’ll learn more in nine weeks than you ever thought was possible.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was part of Le Wagon batch 101 in Paris in October 2017. This has been super profitable and definitely worth the money and time investment. I am super grateful to the whole Wagon team for building this program, and I have already convinced lots of friends... Read More to follow me.The main thing I would like to highlight is the efficiency of their learning method. In only 2 months, we are able to learn a whole new set of skills, which make us very autonomous when working on personal projects. I honestly didn’t expect we could go this far in 2 months: getting the same results on my own would have probably required more than a year and a huge amount of motivation. I joined Le Wagon as I was planning to launch a startup: what I learned at Le Wagon is enough to build a first version of my product and be the CTO of my company for the first 6-9 months, until I meet the person who will take it to the next technical level. The knowledge we have is enough to handle pretty much any tricky situation, and in case you do get stuck, the whole Wagon community is here to help ! Teachers and alumnis are always willing to help, even months after you left the program, which is one of the main benefits of being part of the community.The efficiency of their learning program is based on amazing teachers, all driven towards making things crystal clear, and perfect tools. The online platform where you can find the course content and do your daily exercises is very handy. I think all schools should get inspiration from how things are done at Le Wagon !Last but not least, there’s a great atmosphere and the place is very nice. They organize lots of events (talks, parties, …) where you can get in touch with inspiring people and meet new friends.In short, I can only strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone willing to learn how to code, and can’t think of any downside about it.Read Less",le-wagon
"After completing a Master’s degree in Visual and Digital media, where I I learnt the basics of graphic design, photography and video production, I had the opportunity to work for a major media company in Gabon as a communication officer. I very much enjoyed... Read More my experience, and I mainly created content for social media and print advertising. I worked with Photoshop, inDesign and Premier. I realized that what I really liked, even more than the final result, was the process of using those tools. I liked the technical aspect of creating visual content. So, I decided to go all in and learn how to code! Le Wagon was an amazing learning experience! I can’t imagine how much I learned in only 9 weeks. I am now able to code a web app, but I also have the tools and basic knowledge to go deeper and learn new skills. Le Wagon opened a whole new world of opportunities. We had the opportunity to meet key actors in the start-up environment, to meet alumni and ask them questions on what to do next and better understand the skills you have after 9 weeks, and to have several events to really get to know the people in your batch. Le Wagon is also an amazing community always available to help you, either in job search or for any technical questions. I am now looking for a job in Singapore and the community around the world is helping me and putting me in contact with who they know there. While I find a job, I am doing some freelance work as a Full Stack Developer and at the same time being a Teacher Assistant at Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined le Wagon Paris after a master degree in innovation management in Grenoble, in the French Alps. There, I launched a fablab for a company. This experience leads me to learn hardware prototyping. Then, I just wanted to learn software development... Read More to get a great toolbox for building stuff.Le Wagon was a bootstrapping learning experience. It was a great opportunity for me to learn web development, discover Paris startup ecosystem, and have great time with buddies. Today, it gave me a great confidence in launching things even if I wasn't a coding rockstar. In september, I want to work on UX design in startups. And then, in a few years, I might switch to Product Management. But for now, I’ll keep summertime to code my side projects as well as to start some freelance work on the French seaside. It’s easy to keep learning with Le Wagon’s learning platform and the great community on Slack ! It is worth itRead Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was a fantastic experience which taught me incredible skills for the future.I registered for the class as an entrepreneur looking to get a better understanding of coding to interact with developers.Not only have I learnt to understand and interact... Read More with them, I am now even able to code the first version of a product.The teaching methods at Le Wagon are truly unique and adaptive to make sure that you progress with all students. The teacher are of great quality and really follow you. Thanks to Le Wagon, I developed great coding skills in both back-end and front-end development, and I also had the chance to meet two amazing co-founders which whom I am embarking on a new adventure. I strongly recommend this boot-camp for anyone who wants to learn coding, meet tech-interested driven people, and take on a new turn!Read Less",le-wagon
"Moving from Paris to Tokyo for this bootcamp and the beginning of a new career, Le Wagon went beyond my expectations, with an extremely complete program and setup, an impressive platform including efficient, motivational and entertaining challenges and... Read More tools, highly skilled and experienced teachers, a very active community of more than 2K people sharing valuable information including diverse events and job opportunities. I truly loved the experience, feeling I learned, improved and completed something new each day. I've really spent unforgettable 9-week with a lovely staff and classmates, and now I'm confident and can't wait to become a skillful developer. Arigato Le Wagon!PS: The dedicated page of our batch here: https://www.lewagon.com/demoday/147Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating in Design and feeling stagnated in my Career, I discovered Le Wagon and really liked what I saw. At first I was very scared at the idea of a 9 week bootcamp, not only for being very intense, but also for it seeming a little too good to... Read More be true. I looked into it for a while, went to a couple of workshops, and finally decided to sign up and to finally take the challenge of learning code, and I can safely say that it was worth it.After college, I was very happy with how practical the course is. There is a lot to do everyday, but there is always something new, interesting and exciting. When I did fall behind, all the resources were very accessible and helped me catch up. These resources are also great to have after the completion of the bootcamp, and I check them a lot when developing my own projects.While intense, there was always a great atmosphere that helped us have the energy to keep up. The teachers were very capable and, more importantly, were great people that I still keep in touch with. The backgrounds of each student were very varied but we worked hard together and helped each other do our best. I learned a lot tackling problems together with other students.I feel like one of the biggest strengths of the bootcamp is teaching us to work in a group. Not only in a generic motivational way, but with Github, a tool that is very important for developers. During the bootcamp we developed 2 applications in a group and we used methods that are standard in the industry, which makes us feel more prepared for professional work. Having finished the bootcamp, It feels like I gained the tools to pursue all those ideas that I had but never did anything with. Having a background in Design, I discovered how much I like front-end, and am excited about the paths that are opened to me.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I joined Le Wagon, I was 21 years old and still a business school student (EDHEC). I hadn’t had any knowledge in web development before. However I deeply wanted to learn how to code and get an understanding of tech in general. Then I did Le Wagon... Read More during my summer vacation. Le Wagon allowed me to learn how to make a website without having to re-enter the studying system for several years. I learnt HTML, CSS, jQuery, Ruby, Ruby and Rails, SQL etc. But the bootcamp is not just about learning several languages, it’s about building tech products. Le Wagon also gave me the method to learn other programming languages by myself and the best practices to build up a web application. More than coding courses I really really loved that experience and it gave me the opportunity to find a team to launch my startup idea with. Indeed, we spent the last 15 days coding personal projects in groups. After Le Wagon, I came back to my business school, and felt very acknowledged and prepared to start prototyping my ideas. I even got my first freelance mission a few months after the bootcamp, and I was only 21!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been in the customer service and logistics industry for the past 10 years but always had an eagerness to learn to code. But trying to teach myself ended up in frustration with more questions than answers. Then, one day I came across a two-month... Read More program with Le Wagon Tokyo (LWT) and I ended up joining their batch 147.LWT guides are not generic like most online courses, they go in-depth in terminology, theory, and the best part is their support system. From day one you can tell you are not alone in this, you have someone there that can answer those why, how, what, and huh questions. I had many of those ha ha.Overall you will get your mind blown way on how you can create something out of nothing. The co-founders Sylvain &amp; Paul are the best. They will be checking in on you providing feedback with encouragement, then the bootcamp manager Doug makes sure you are progressing if he sees you are having trouble he will come up and give you the nudge you can do this. LWT also rotates the teachers with real-life developers, so you can expect real-life experiences. Le Wagon Tokyo is highly recommended, it will be tough, but they will guide through those trenches and in the end you will feel “I can do this”.Read Less",le-wagon
"It pains me to admit that this program did not get me where I needed to be. After several months of self-studying on Codecademy, I wanted to switch careers and become a software engineer in the US (my country of residence), so I attended Le Wagon for... Read More several reasons: A) it is cheaper than most US bootcamps, B) it teaches Rails and JavaScript, C) I saw amazing reviews, and D) it would allow me to travel to another city and be part of a culturally rich experience where I am surrounded with students from all over the world. In the end, I did not feel like I was where I needed to be and I actually ended up doing a second bootcamp which was a night and day difference, and landed a job a week after graduating. I do want to give a disclaimer and say that Le Wagon is not a bad bootcamp, and I don't take it lightly that I am basically the only one with a negative review. There are bootcamps out there that are much worse, and this is a decent one. It's just that this bootcamp was not enough to accomplish my goals. I ask everyone looking into bootcamps to think about why exactly you are attending, and, if your goal is to become a software engineer from a non-engineering background, particularly in the US where competition is tough, I would caution you against attending Le Wagon as it might not be enough to get you where you need to be. If you are looking to just learn to code to boost your resume, if you have a start-up idea and just want to build out the platform for that one idea, if you have a STEM background and learn very fast and are super disciplined to continue learning on your own (I thought I was and it still didn't work out!), or if you reside in the city where Le Wagon is located and plan to stay there to be a developer, then attending Le Wagon might work out for you. Without further ado, here are the reasons why Le Wagon did not work out for me even though I really wanted it to:1) From the very beginning, this bootcamp did not strike me as a place that accepts top talent and has good job outcomes. There was no test to get in, there was no technical interview, and it felt like they would accept anyone. During the one interview I had, I was informally accepted into the program and told to just pay the deposit as quickly as possible to secure my spot before it fills up. When asked about job outcomes, their typical response was that they don't want to turn students into numbers, and the bootcamp is not about turning out statistics, so I guess I should've seen that as a red flag. 2) It seems like the students at the bootcamp had very different goals, where not everyone was looking to become a software engineer. Some students just wanted to boost their resume and others just wanted to learn to build out their startup idea. That shoud've been a red flag because it shows that the program's goal is too open-ended instead of being specific and it's open to a lot of different audiences. 3) Don't count on getting hired if visa issues may arise. This is something I should've considered more seriously at the time, but if you attend Le Wagon and plan to work in a place where you don't have a work visa, you're going to have a harder time finding an engineering job because not only will you have the task of finding a job, but you will also need a job that is willing to sponsor you. Most places don't want to bother with it and would rather hire a senior dev with a lot of experience than someone straight out of a 9 week bootcamp who they need to sponsor. One of my classmates actually was hired over me because she didn't need to be sponsored and I did (so if you don't foresee visa issues it might work out). 4) Think about what the job market is like if you need to return to your country or city after Le Wagon. I should've considered more seriously that the competition is much stronger for developers in the US (especially because the salaries are higher) and that it would be difficult to find a job there after 9 weeks of Le Wagon, a bootcamp that is not really equipped to prepare students for that kind of competition. 5) There was no support for students falling behind. Part of the issue here is that they let almost all students into the bootcamp, so they are bound to accept people who will not succeed. Everyone struggles at times and I definetley struggled at times even at the second bootcamp I attened. But when there is no solid preparation or assessments to get into the bootcamp and to get everyone on the same page and you are struggling, you think that you are the stupid one instead of the bootcamp being flawed. I was somewhat average and I still struggled because the pace is very fast. There were students who I know where completely lost and had fallen behind too far and probably didn't get very much out of the program. There is no support when students are behind. The program will not let you make office hours with an instructor, they will not let you repeat a part of the program, they will just push you ahead and the instructors/other students who aren't behind will just code more of the project for you so that you graduate even if you didn't understand most of the material. 6) Nine weeks is simply too short to become a fullstack developer and feel confident. If that's not your goal and you just view this as an immersive course to boost your resume, you'll be fine. If this is your goal, unless you have a STEM background and are the top student of the batch, prepare to struggle. And even if you are all of those things, prepare to struggle and feel like an imposter at your first job. I have spoken to alum who managed to get a job after this bootcamp and they struggled a lot- they had to spend several months self-teaching themselves, and then had a really hard time on the job for months. I also noticed that a lot of alums can't find jobs and just become TAs. For a bootcamp that takes you from beginner level to fullstack developer, nine weeks is too short to truly feel confident and like a master of the material. It's not even enough to feel like you can learn anything on your own afterward. The bootcamp I did afterward was 17 weeks and it started at an intermediate level with tests and technical interviews to get in, and only then was it enough to get a job and feel confident in my skills.7) Your instructors will code large portions of your project for you. My team was an average representation of the students at the bootcamp- not really anyone super falling behind or any super geniuses. We had problems with our final project and our instructor coded large portions of it for us. After finishing the program, I did not really feel like I understood all aspects of the project or like I could build something like that independently. That defeats the purpose of being independent and being ready to join the workforce. 8) They kept switching instructors on us. I did not like how almost every day there was a different TA giving a lecture. It did not feel very cohesive or like I had a person I could approach or someone who knew my progress well. I also did not feel like the TAs were knowledgeable enough to give the lectures or help out with debugging since they were just students themselves. 9) They try to teach you the maximum amount of material in the minimum amount of time and really cut a lot of important things out. They also just hand out a lot of material so you don't have to struggle to do things on your own or understand how they work. There's a lot of examples of this, but for istance I did not like that I didn't understand how rails routes work because we didn't have to build them ourselves and I didn't understand how user sessions worked because we were given a devise tutorial instead of having to write sessions ourselves. I still don't understand how devise works. 10) Going off the last point, I felt like too little time was spent on each topic. For example, we spent about two days on SQL, two days on JavaScript, three days on HTML/CSS, and those were not enough time to understand how those things work. But it was done so that the bootcamp can be taught over 9 weeks at the expense of teaching in-depth.11) JavaScript- I feel like this should be its own bullet point. I really felt like there was basically no time spent on JavaScript and one of the reasons I attended the bootcamp was because it was on the curriculum. It's a really important language and every fullstack developer must know how to use it since it runs in the browser. I graduated being afraid of it and not knowing how to use it at all. 12) There was essentially no career support. After you finish the program, you are completely on your own. I made an appointment with one of the program leaders to look over my resume and portfolio which she kindly did in her own time, and that was it. There are job boards on slack where anyone can post jobs, but that's all you have. The other program I attended had a career success team dedicated to helping you get a job- we practiced mock interviews (behavioral and technical), we practiced whiteboarding where we solve algorithms and talk about big O notation (I didn't learn any of that at Le Wagon), we had regular check-ins for our resume, linkedIn profiles, practiced our elevator pitch, etc. 13) Feedback is not taken seriously at Le Wagon. They ask for feedback after the program but they will not change the program based on feedback. They simply can't because the program is too big. It runs in too many cities with batches happening at all times, that changing the program is too defficult. 14) Sexism was a thing. Not a big thing, but enough to matter and make me and certain others lose confidence as a programmer. When issues were mentioned to those in charge, it was denied and not addressed. 15) There were no soft skills taught and some group project dynamics were very difficult as a result. In fact, group projects were a popularity contest. We were told that after pitching our ideas, everyone would fairly vote on the top ideas and those projects will be built. Instead, people only voted for those they wanted to work with, different ideas were built, people were left to the wayside quickly scrambling to find a group, and difficult group dynamics resulted for some groups. I felt like if there was more oversight by the instructors to choose and arrange the groups, get some feedback from students, the process would've gone more smoothly. Some groups did not know how to resolve conflicts and were very tense, and I feel the program would've benefitted by giving some talks about how to approach these kinds of issues before they arose. 16) Finally, pair programming was not taught the way it is supposed to be. In a real pair programming setting, there is a driver and navigator where only one person is allowed to type. The students take turns switching roles, communicate together, learn to talk about code and brainstorm together. Instead, we were given partners but not taught about the true way to pair program. Students merely sat with their partner and each did their own work. I know that some students were falling behind when working with partners but too afraid to ask their partners for help because of the way pair programming was structured. I hope this review is helpful and those reading it understand where I am coming from. I think a big part of the problem was that Le Wagon did not align with the goal I had in mind (to become employed as a Fullstack developer), but that's a pretty big deal considering that's what most bootcamps should be able to do. If you have a lesser goal in mind, Le Wagon is a great place to get a general overview, be introduced to coding, and learn about the flow of designing and developing a website. It's also great for being in a culturally diverse environment. However, I would say the program is not enough for most people to become a fullstack engineer afterward (without a lot of struggle and continued learning) which was ultimately my goal.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated in Digital Marketing and Project Management in April 2017 and started working in an IT startup in Paris as a Growth Hacker. It was an exciting experience where I had the ability to overcome constant new challenges but I felt I was still lacking... Read More something - I just didn’t know what.During that time, I kept hearing about Le Wagon and their impressive learning system to teach coding in only 2 months. As I wanted to evolve and improve my technical profile, after reading the positive reviews of the bootcamp, I was easily convinced to leave Paris after just 6 months of work to join the first batch of Le Wagon in Bali in January 2018.You should know 4 things about the bootcamp:First, the amount of new knowledge you have to acquire can look scary at first sight, but the learning platform of Le Wagon is so well-structured and efficiently organized that you can easily understand and find all the information you need to get through your daily exercises.Don’t get me wrong: it’s not going to be a walk in a park since the program is fast-paced, and you must stay focused on your final objective. The days can be really long sometimes - up to 9 hours - and sometimes the one-day weekend is really short, but at the end, you will realize how quickly you learnt all those concepts you were frightened of at the beginning. After the first month, you will even be surprised by all the things you can now handle on your own. And during the last weeks, when you are working on your own projects (and that’s truly the best part of the bootcamp), you won’t even recognize yourself in the way that you work and think. You will feel so proud of yourself, I promise.Second, you will never - ever - feel alone. At any point. The buddy system will make you feel you are always supported, and sometimes even challenged. Everyday you will pair up with a new student to go through a new challenge, struggling together when you have an issue and celebrating together every time you overcome it.Moreover, the teachers and teacher assistants are brilliant and full of patience. They have several approaches to the same topic and will always find the right path to explain things in a way that will make sense to you. They know how to make you remember the concepts you just learnt and how to help you release some pressure.Third, the environment. Bali is a wonderful place, with its pros and its cons - but you’ll find mostly pros. Working on a paradise island on the rooftop of a hotel with a wonderful seaview and a supportive staff team who tries to make your life in Bali easy will make a great difference in your state of mind. During your free time, you will have the possibility to go on an adventure or to go for a chilling and relaxing day in some of the most beautiful landscapes in the world. Yoga, volcano trekking, surf, massage, etc. - just take your pick! Isn’t that mad? I could never say enough how important this point was for me.Finally, this bootcamp is definitely going to change your life! This is an unforgettable experience. I met a lot of extraordinary people there, from the students to Le Wagon’s team. And today I’m employed as a web developer and digital marketer working on the app that we built from scratch during the last two weeks of the bootcamp!Read Less",le-wagon
The pros are :I can now code a web applicationI have met wonderful peopleThe disadvantage is :every day I went home late,le-wagon
"Before I did my course I had been teaching English for over ten years and was awaiting the birth of my first child. I wanted a career change. I still enjoyed my job but i always had been interested in computer programming. I wanted a challenge and the... Read More timing was perfect, the course finished a couple of weeks before the due date. I chose Le Wagon after consulting with a friend who works at Strava. The course structure and depth was greater than I could have imagined, as was the support from teachers, teachers’ assistants and our course driver Gus. Coding from day one was incredibly satisfying. As course topics changed so did our teachers, all experts in the areas we were studying. I chose Barcelona without a second thought. It is a wonderful city and though its politics have made the news a lot lately, on the street everything is as great as it has always been.While I have learned to code, I realise like any learning it is the start of a long journey. After taking planned paternity leave I am now back to coding, revising and extending what I learned and building a website of my own. Access to Le Wagon’s course material remains open after you finish, so this is really helping my consolidation and extension.Read Less",le-wagon
"After obtaining a bachelor's degree in law and graduating with a double degree masters in management, I was recruited by McKinsey where I've been for 3 years now. In my 2nd year at McKinsey I decided to take Le Wagon coding bootcamp in London instead... Read More of the going down the MBA route which would have only evolved my managerial knowledge and costed me a lot (2 years of my life). With Le Wagon, I decided to learn a very tangible skill instead and something highly focused on my work at McKinsey, and the career direction I want to take. Furthermore, before completing Le Wagon, I felt a big disconnect at work by lacking deep tech skills while working or talking with the clients who are often very skilled. It became obvious even after the first week that what I was learning at Le Wagon are skills we will all need in the future. Having returned back at McKinsey I can surely say that knowing how to code and being able to communicate with developers is making my life a lot easier and my work has become more efficient and fun!I recommend Le Wagon to anyone. Be prepared to follow what you are confident about, and challenge the conventional paths.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been impressed by the quality of the overall program. Every class is really well designed. Everyday of the program has its importance.The team in Lille was super pedagogic.The online platform provided during the program is really helpful. Plus,... Read More this platform is still accessible after Le Wagon, for life. That is great!I feel that the 6 hard learning weeks followed by 3 weeks dedicated to project is the right balance.Now, it's time to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"The year is 2017, edging ever so close to the end of the year. The average human being is either preparing for quality time with the family or hatching a way to enter the new year less sober than the last time. A young sapling of a man faces an ever-pressing... Read More dilemma however, he is on his 3rd our of 4th year in his computer science course where he’s attempted but failed to secure a placement for his industrial year. Distraught and frustration were but a sample of the many emotions our young man was experiencing at this point in time, however back to his senses he realises he isn’t a fool and starts looking for solutions. He realises he cannot possibly hope to perform in his final year without any experience to lighten the load and so opts to take a year out to clear his head and possibly self-teach himself (oh how naive our protagonist was). Four months pass now and his discipline was as far down as antarctica. Re-assessing himself he realised all too late that his optimal form of learning was with others. At that moment the woman who gave him life rung him at the crack of thunder. Almost reluctantly he picked up the phone to hear something that would remain on his mind for the next week. “Instead of just sitting idly by why don’t you join this coding bootcamp I came across ? They’re rated as the best bootcamp for new coders in the world!”. The young man revolted at the thought of this suggestion; “Me ?” he thought, “A Computer Science student who’s done at least two years worth of studying?” His pride took a huge blow, he automatically assumed he would be a laughing stock if he took the suggestion seriously. Then as time passed he arrived at the painful truth that although he has studied the theory behind computers and algorithms he hadn’t actually done enough in terms of hands on experience, something that his industrial year was supposed to provide. Penultimately, after much deliberation our protagonist decided to grow some balls and apply for a spot in the Le Wagon london batch of January 2018. Ladies and Gentleman I am the young sapling of a man in this story. Pleased to meet your aquaintance.So to begin the actual review ! As you can see from the short story directly above I was very wary and weirded out with applying and coming to the Le wagon bootcamp especially because I myself was a computer science student. I felt ashamed at myself for considering it because it meant that I didn’t have confidence in the skills I built up for my two years on the course. I soon came to the conclusion that there was no harm in doing it since I wasn’t being as productive as I could have been by myself. Then came day 1, where we set up our computers with git. For windows(masterrace) users like me there was an additional setup of linux, which I was already familiar with but never actually followed through and started working with it. This was just to set things in motion however, the second day is when the camp truly began. After a morning lecture we would be given coding challenges based around what we were taught and just coded. At first I was a tad perplexed, mainly because it was more hands-on than I expected, I had never learnt via this method and so it took a good day to settle in to a daily routine. Through the first two weeks I felt that I was re-learning and also learning new things even from basic programming practice. I was quick on the uptake but actually taking my knowledge to create a solution from it was one of my biggest flaws I found early on in the course. To put it more simply I always came up with a long-winded and redundant method to solving an issue instead of looking for a straightforward and efficient method. Luckily the Teachers and TA’s issued by Le wagon have a special quality to them because they’re highly reliable in terms of both teaching and when I was stuck on an issue. Had I still trying to practice by myself I would have encountered problems that would have taken me at least an hour to fix; At Le Wagon it takes no more than 10 minutes as the winding path to a full stack developer opens up.The events of the first day repeat itself for the next couple of weeks through essential topics like OOP, Schema design and SQL, Middleman, AJAX etc. Some days would have me feeling like it’s the end of the world but there was also a good chunk that left me with more anticipation than dread for the next day ( the same as others may attest to on their normal work day). The environment quickly became familiar to me as one of the better working and collaborative ones in my recent memory, and as such it nurtured some of the most creative and friendly people i’ve met into full fledged developers. Although this is advertised as a coding bootcamp it is not 100% just that. With free hookups and talks with industry devs it offered far more than they actually put out. This included activities from yoga sessions to them taking care of the bar spend for the coursemates on a friday night. I have made some life-long friends and joined a fast growing network of developers through this course, something that I was not inclined to venture into at first. I would highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone looking to learn how to code with people at the same level, It wasn’t a walk in the park by any means but it is an excellent first step to anyone willing to put in the effort.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from business school followed by spending 4 years working in Mergers and Acquisitions with Bryan, Garnier &amp; Co in Paris focused on fast growing European technology companies. Rubbing shoulders daily with highly successful entrepreneurs analysing... Read More their products and markets has opened my eyes to the impact and power of technology on societies. It inspired me to build my own tech company and not be at the fringe of the action any longer. Which leads me to Le Wagon.The camp at Bali without a doubt met its promise of a perfect environment to balance coding with a relaxing lifestyle to enhance our learning even further. I believe this played a crucial part in and am still impressed that in the short duration of the camp, I had already accumulated the skills to build the MVP of my product idea. Another invaluable take away was the experience of working with my camp mates as a team which gave me the confidence of hiring a co-graduate as my first CTO. I am proud to say that without Le Wagon I wouldn't have been able to push my company forward to make my stamp and really make a difference in this world.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have an engineering background and had limited experience coding, still, I wanted to make a drastic career change, that's where Le Wagon comes in. I thought it was important to share my experience since these reviews were a big part of how I chose Le... Read More Wagon and now I hope my review helps prospective students reach the same conclusion; Le Wagon graduates leave as empowered full-stack web developers. Once I had made up my mind on which bootcamp to attend I had to choose from one of their many locations all over the world. Of course, I chose Bali Indonesia because why wouldn't you want to choose to code in a beautiful place. The school is located in Canggu, a charming vacation spot with healthy food, excellent beaches, and affordable living (~$500/month for rent). You'll figure out that there's no better place to take on the rigors of a bootcamp than chill Bali. When I applied to the bootcamp the founder Dirk reached out to me, we scheduled a Skype call and he introduced me to the program. Once you're in Indonesia he helps you get the visa so that you can focus solely on coding. In addition to that, he sets up interesting talks on entrepreneur and coding topics throughout the bootcamp, organizes group activities, and provides information on places to stay and where to eat. There is some prep work to be done before the start of the course and unless you have ample experience coding I recommend doing it so that you're familiar with the basic concepts that come up in the beginning. I was happy to learn that students come from all backgrounds and coding skill levels, some had quit their jobs others were taking time off. The bootcamp goes from 9 am to around 6 or 7 pm with the lectures taking place till about noon and the rest of the day being spent on the assignments working alongside a buddy/partner which helps because if you miss something chances are your buddy knows it, but if not then you can open a help ""ticket"", this is Le Wagon's way of handling student questions. If you're stuck on something you open up a ticket right from the assignments website and soon an instructor or a teaching assistant comes to get you unstuck. After each day you'll be mentally drained but excited for what is being presented the next day, you see basic concepts, backend, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, API’s, etc, your knowledge begins to snowball and you start to believe that by the end you will actually be a full stack developer. In week six you put together what you have learned up point to work as a group (3 people) building an Airbnb clone. When that is completed you start working on the final project. One of the unique things about Le Wagon is that they foster entrepreneurship and in that spirit, they ask every student to do a basic pitch of ideas they would like to work on. Out of all the ideas presented a few are selected by student votes using a neat program that feels like American Idol. Those chosen ideas become final projects, everyone is assigned to a project based on their interests and the bootcamp culminates on demo day, a big event, part pitch, part party, part sendoff.Read Less",le-wagon
"After business and finance studies, I undertook my professional career in the financial industry in Europe. Two years ago, I got a Canadian work permit and decided to move to Montreal. I've always been interested in entrepreneurship and tech industry,... Read More so I decided to work in a start-up as a business developer. When I arrived in Montreal, the first batch of Le wagon Montreal was running and I went to the Demo Day (I already heard of le Wagon in Paris as some of my friends did it in the past). I was really impressed by the quality of students' applications, and it really made me want to do this coding bootcamp. A few months after, I took the plunge and was part of Batch #125. These 9 weeks were really challenging as I had no experience in Web Development, but it was an incredible experience. Some days are really hard, but you need to carry on and not throw in the towel. There are some ingredients that make this bootcamp very unique. First of all, the teachers are amazing, they help and support you a lot, you can feel they really enjoy sharing their knowledge and skills. Moreover, the pedagogy created by Sebastien Saunier and Boris Paillard is impressive. Then, your student buddies, you make very good friends in a short period of time as you all live the same intensive experience and everyone is supporting each other. The cherry on the cake is the last two weeks of projects, where you build a real product from scratch as a team. It's very challenging, intensive and amazing. All the things you've learned from the past weeks became suddenly clear.I highly recommend le Wagon. It brings you great technical skills that will lead you to a dev, product owner or entrepreneur career, but it's also a wonderful human adventure.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduated from a sports makerting Business School, I wanted to add something to my studies and be more reliable on labour market.Le Wagon was the perfect fit, intense experience, with great people with differents backgrounds, but all focused on... Read More learning how to code.We had 6 weeks of learning the basics of coding, then a one week project in order to build a AirBnB like website.The two last weeks were the most intense : with two other students, we had to build our own project, from zero to online, a tinder like app to help you find your tennis partner, depending on your search criteria (level, gender, search radius, ...). If both players accept they can fix a match/training.This was the best way to combinate all what we learn from the very begining, patient and passionate teachers were always there to keep an eye when we had issues. I recommend this bootcamp for anyone who would like to change their career or improve their knowledge. Thanks Le Wagon Bordeaux :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Pros: Every Moment Counts: Le Wagon Bali was one of the most intense experiences that I've had the opportunity to be a part of. 8 full weeks of non-stop action, with 2+ hours of lecture every morning, 6 after-school workshops covering a range of subjects,... Read More from security to technical interviews. This is a ""balls to the wall"" bootcamp! I felt like every moment was useful, and tried my best to cherish and soak up as much as I could. Mental Health is a Priority: Though they change instructors from bootcamp to bootcamp, during my time there, we had Friday-afternoon Yin yoga sessions to help alleviate the stress of the week, taught by one of their staff. These 45min classes were my favorite way to enter the weekendSURF SURF SURF:Lecture starts at 9am sharp....but the waves are PERFECT as soon as its' light enough to enter the water. You can catch the founder, Dirk, at Old Man's beach getting his surf on every morning as well. And you can check the waves from school! The classroom has a great view! Classroom Atmosphere: Compared to other locations...why would you choose anywhere else? Our classroom faces the ocean, and we sit in the shade in bean bag chairs coding all day. As far as my stress levels go, this was probably the best way to manage a hard day!Cons: 8 Weeks Versus Traditional 9:Indonesia has 2 types of visas. Their tourist visa is only 60 days, which means that unless everyone gets a social visa, there is no possible way for Le Wagon Bali to be a full 9 weeks. So there are 5 Saturday classes to make up for this.Class is sometimes extended during those long weeks on the week days, so that we can leave a little early on Saturday (some saturdays we would have class from 10-5 rather than 9-7).THIS IS LOCATION-SPECIFIC TO LE WAGON BALIRead Less",le-wagon
"My story starts out different than most. I came to Le Wagon as a Microbiologist working in the pharmaceutical industry. I was really disillusioned and disengaged from that job; the day-to-day now would be the same day-to-day 10 years from now because... Read More there was no prospect of career progression unless people retire. I’m an incredibly creative person, so I need to be building things everyday and solving problems regularly to be fulfilled. It’s here that I found Le Wagon and left my job to undertake the 9 week bootcamp.Fast forward 9 weeks later, I’ve completed the first Le Wagon bootcamp (batch #135) in Melbourne and am now a fully certified Full Stack Developer. I can’t even begin to describe how amazing the experience has been. It’s completely turned my life around both personally and professionally. Not only do you learn how to program, but you learn all the fundamentals of web development, software architecture, database development and migration management, the real world application of Ruby in both a front and a back end context, the paradigms of MVC and CRUD, and key entrepreneurial strategies. The best part of it all though is that you, with a team of your peers, design and build a fully functional web application in just 10 days. Your teachers are so supportive and create such a positive environment, that I felt like I could completely push myself out of my comfort zone. Everyone there, including your peers, builds you up and you’re all working towards the same common goal as a team. Your experience with Le Wagon doesn’t end with the bootcamp - you become part of a growing community. I was given a lot of support with building my resume for the tech industry after my career change, and there’s always someone to go to for programming advice if you get stuck on a problem. I’ve now found work as a Full Stack Developer. I’m incredibly passionate about what I do and I’m thankful to be able to get up every morning to build something beautiful. Le Wagon has been a life changing experience for me.Read Less",le-wagon
"Graduating fresh out of uni with a commerce degree sounded exciting. It was only after a few months of searching for a consulting gig, a terrible realization dawned upon me - I didn't like what I was doing. It was a year of doom and gloom until I decided... Read More that I had to do something with my life. I was always drawn to tech and the startup space, so I knew I wanted to learn how to code. I found Le Wagon, saw that it was rated very highly online, took a leap of faith and never looked back. I'm grateful everyday that I had the opportunity to learn from some of the most patient, highly skilled and overall great human beings. I now have the freedom to build my own products and to reach out to people in a different medium- a space I was always afraid to venture into. Paal, the driver for the bootcamp, was excellent in organizing the whole course. He is a dear friend and very well known in the dev community. He connected me with so many people, and I'm eternally grateful his passion to bring out the best in every student. I hope that anyone that read this far will seriously consider this bootcamp - it will change your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have just completed the first Le Wagon bootcamp (batch #135) in Melbourne and it was a one of the best learning experiences of my life. Prior to the bootcamp I was struggling to figure out what my next career move was going to be. I had worked as a... Read More copywriter and consultant but never really loved what I was doing and was kind of just going through the motions to get my next pay check. Why do the bootcamp? Well, when I was explaining what the role of HTML, CSS and JavaScript was to a friend of mine I kind of had an epiphany - I really enjoy talking about this stuff, why not take it further! I'd done some really basic web development tutorials before starting the bootcamp and had really enjoyed that. Little did I know how much more deeper you can go into the world Ruby and Rails and what you can actually build with a bit of help. A mix of great teaching and interesting challenges you do in the first 6 weeks at Le Wagon allows you to have a strong grasp on what's possible. You split into teams and work on a real web app which is just an incredibly exiting thing to be involved in. After the bootcamp you have many options and routes to go down in finding employment or continuing to learn. To sum up, if you're an inquisitive person who is interested in learning how web apps are built really consider doing the bootcamp. It opens so many doors and leaves you with a network of talented creative people.Read Less",le-wagon
"I got first introduced with Le Wagon in Brussels in late 2015. A year later I tried to learn myself how to code. I completed some online courses on HTML, CSS and Python without really doing any projects. I made little progress and my learning curve was... Read More very flat. As I only stayed on the surface of things I didn't really see the point of me contuining to learn how to code. Boy was I wrong! It was not until the summer of 2017 that I decided to emerge myself fully into coding. To do this I knew I needed to enroll in a bootcamp. Now, how do you choose your bootcamp? A couple of things were important to me. This bootcamp:would be present in Europe and preferably in the most beautiful European Capitals.would cost less than €10.000.would include an international network of alumni.would teach me more than one programming language and let me work on at least one project in depth.Le Wagon met all of the above criteria. I ultimately choose for Berlin because of it's startup vibe, cultural history and level of professionalism of the resident Le Wagon team.So far Le Wagon bootcamp has been the most immersive coding workout I ever encountered. Le Wagon offers a tightly-knit 9-week coding schedule backed by extremely talented Teaching Assistants, a handy online 'knowledge' platform with exercises and an innovative startup vibe.In only 9 weeks I learned how to master HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript ES2015, SQL, git, GitHub, Heroku and Ruby on Rails. In the last two weeks teams were formed to develop our own Rails applications. Together with my team I brainstormed, designed and developed a full-fledged task management platform for Handy Men called Handy Harry. On the last day of the bootcamp you get a taste of the real startup world when you get to showcase your application on stage in front of Berlin's tech scene, friends and family.Best learning experience so far!Read Less",le-wagon
"After three years in the graphic design field I felt the urge to learn and improve my digital skills and learning about becoming a developer. I was a beginner and never really went beyond the well-known markup languages, but I had no time to attend a... Read More full-time and many years long tech school. So I chose Le Wagon thanks to its awesome and raising popularity in terms of quality, education and high level teachers. It turned out to be the best choice and experience I've ever made.There I found a fresh and efficient education system, with different difficulty levels and a tracking for the daily individual progress, a strong and valuable support throughout all the journey and the connection with a wide network of developers and entrepreneurs from all the world. After the demo day you'll have a professional profile good enough to find a job as a junior web developer. As I did! I never imagined I could achieve so much in such a short time, and having fun at the same time! I can say that I made some friends for life. Le Wagon is an intense and hard experience, you'll need to work hard to get the results and sometimes you'll get frustrated and overwhelmed, but it's so rewarding and compelling that it's absolutely worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"My interest in coding started when I was in a marketing position that required creating a lot of automated campaigns and set up API connections between all the services I was using. However, not having the technical knowledge to do that, each task was... Read More always a struggle to be accomplished, especially when I needed to rely on other developers to dedicate the time on their busy schedule to help me out.I started by taking some online courses to see if it was something I could envision myself doing, and it soon made me realize that: yes, I liked and enjoyed coding; and I'd need a more structured course and environment. Then, I started my quest to find the best coding bootcamp, the one that would put me on a fast track to reach my goal of learning code and be able to actually work with it.On my search, I came across a handful of courses. I started looking at the curriculum and the overall aspects of the program, such as the network, in-class assistance and job assistance after the bootcamp. Le Wagon really beat up any other I found. The curriculum and technologies thaught where relevant and up-to-date (vouched by friend developers) and the reviews and feedback I received from alumni I reached out to were 10s across the board.The one thing I was a bit hesitant about was the job search after the bootcamp, as some other schools had big and temptatious promises to get you a job right after completion, but looking at all the other aspects these schools were not as strong. At this point, I had to make a decision: take on the challenge and go with the strongest bootcamp or stay in the status quo and hope for a promise to come through.So I decided to go with Le Wagon and really invest myself in it to get the best out of this experience.From day one we started coding and work on challenges, and every day after that seemed like we had learned twice as much than on the previous day. The learning curve is crazy steep and fast. The amazing teaching team is a great reason of why the whole batch could achieve it, they were always supportive and didn't hesitate to sit with anyone for all the time needed to solve any question or make the knowledge acquired even more solid.Fast forward to the final weeks of the bootcamp, the projects weeks are the most awesome time I had during the whole course. That's when I realize how strong is the power of building things from scratch and working with amazing fellows developers on it - and before starting Le Wagon we wouldn't be able to do any of that. This is the greatest time to put all the things learned during the bootcamp in practice, and solve bugs of course. :)Now back to my main goal, switch career paths and find a tech job after the bootcamp.In retrospective, I made the best choice when I decided to go with the course that offered me the strongest curriculum, network and overall experience. I was able to get interviews and land on a job that I really wanted within less than a month searching. I owe that mostly to the strong development basis I built during the whole experience at Le Wagon, even the final projects served as a great portfolio to recruiters when I was asked about things I had built previously.Overall my experience at Le Wagon was amazing, I'd do it again and wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone interested in becoming a developer or just get more into the tech side of any industry.Read Less",le-wagon
"Short Intro to Le Wagon - Skip to the next paragraph is you're already informed about Le Wagon.Le Wagon is a nine weeks program providing you with a solid toolkit of skills to build web-apps and APIs. You start by learning Ruby, and continue with SQL,... Read More HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The students are very diverse and come from lots of different backgrounds, countries and age groups. At the end of the bootcamp you'll programm together with two to three other students two entire web-apps in just three weeks time - and this feels amazing and super rewarding!I really enjoyed my learning experience with Le Wagon. My initial goal was to learn some basic coding during my gap year between graduating business school and starting my master's degree. At the end of the course I learned so much more than I expected and decided to scratch my plans for the gap year and master's degree in favor for pursuing a coding career. By now I am working as a fullstack developer in a Berlin Startup.The Le Wagon staff consists of mostly former Le Wagon students, which is why they are great at motivating and explaining the concepts. I did struggle with coding, especially in the beginning, but since they went through the same experiences they always had great advice and encouraging words.I regularly come back to alumni events to meet the new students and fellow alumni. The Le Wagon alumni community is very active and supportive, helping with coding problems, sharing knowledge resources, and giving tips for finding jobs or feelancing.Read Less",le-wagon
"After reading all the reviews about various bootcamps I was a bit sceptical about le Wagon's reputation because it seemed to be too good to be true. After finishing the 9-weeks-bootcamp I can say for myself: it is really like that.Besides the obvious,... Read More that you get loads of information and knowledge in a very short period of time, I was amazed by the community le Wagon creates. Not only do you have lifelong access to all the slides and code, it also gets updated on a regular base and they add more and more online courses you can attend afterwards if you want to proceed your career as a developer. But not only that: we were 22 guys from 12 countries, we had students who just graduated school to a daddy from Greece with two kids. We had so much fun during and after the badge, a lot stayed in Berlin afterwards and we are still hanging out. It is truly a great experience I can just highly recommend to everyone without a doubt!Read Less",le-wagon
"My storyBefore joining Le Wagon coding bootcamp I was running an AdWords-agency for 5 years. Here, I shipped more than 200 landing pages on builders like PageWiz &amp; Unbounce as well as on Wordpress to clients. So I was familiar with the tech and startup... Read More world but I just could not learn to code. I tried Codecademy and Udemy but did not follow through with the tutorials.How I learned about coding bootcampsThe idea of attending a coding bootcamp had been in my mind since 2013, when I graduated from university and started the AdWords business. I briefly read about a coding bootcamp in my home city of Cologne, Germany. Yet I did not have the time and money to join then, and also later I never heard of this camp again. However, the idea remained on my bucket list. When I moved to Berlin in spring 2017 to participate in an accelerator program, I realized that lack of of tech knowledge in our team and thus a non-tech, non-scaling product was one of the reasons we got no follow up-investment. So I decided to change that and attend a coding bootcamp late 2017.Why I chose Le Wagon coding bootcamp BerlinAt the time there were three coding bootcamps available in Berlin. I called them all. Only Le Wagon answered. I even emailed the other two, which I would not do normally, as I prefer direct contact and nevertheless: Nothing.Philipp, the Driver at Le Wagon Berlin however was spot on. I called him up and we arranged for a walk in the same day. I spoke with him but also with the students from the current batch and actually, I was already sold at this point. The atmosphere was just right. Concentrated and hard working, yet relaxed and laid back at the same time. Also it was more appealing to me that Le Wagon focused on future founders as much as on future developers as my goal was to get the knowledge for my next project rather then get a junior dev position. So if you favor building a real product with a real team in 2 weeks rather than exercising for job interview questions - this is the place to be. However, alumni who want to get a dev job also get it. The mix is roughly one third founders, one third hired as developer and one third going in to a product management or consulting role. So it's up to you to chose. Experience at the BootcampLe Wagon is the future of learning. It combines lectures which are actually your teacher coding live, rather than reading slides, peer programming with your buddy through the day and the best e-learning platform I have ever seen. You can literally follow the Wagon examples step-by-step and it will work. The way knowledge is taught at Le Wagon is just modern and how it should be. The complete opposite of our education system in schools and universities mostly stuck in and producing for the early industrial society of the 19th century. You can always ask a teacher to explain the problem and help you 1:1 when you get stuck. Stuff you would pay significant amounts for at places like Codementor. At the end of the day, the camp helped me to get over the initial threshold and start to code in Ruby, JS, SQL, HTML, CSS and then combine everything in Rails. At the end I built an Airbnb clone in one week and an MVP of a Job search site in two weeks with my team.Skills I gainedRemember the scene from the Matrix when Neo wakes up and realises: ""I know kung fu"". Exactly that happened. I was able to go onto the developer and API sections of SaaS sites and understand what it is all about. I could finally consume the internet through the command line. Scraping data, using APIs to enrich it and outputting to the desired format. This was the magic I was doing. And I finally started my project: Automating online marketing A to Z from client onboarding, copy generation, landing page and ad creation for Google &amp; Facebook. I built the first MVP of LeadConcierge in just three weeks. So I got everything and more which I could wish for.The communityActually, the biggest thing you get at Le Wagon is to connect with likeminded people. This is where the bootcamp overdelivers. Again, the staff at Le Wagon does a great job of connecting everybody in the group and forming friendships. Starting with a dinner for everyone on the first day and continuing until the demo day party on graduation. What’s more? In Berlin, free coworking is offered to alumni, so we can stay connected to the community and the following batches after the program while connecting to the over 3.000 alumni on a private slack platform. Here, tech advice, jobs etc. are plenty. Fun fact: While traveling in Silicon Valley I met a fellow alumnus from Brazil. So this is really a world wide community.Wrap-upCome for the tools. Stay for the network. If you read till this point you should imagine by now, that I loved my experience during and after Le Wagon in Berlin. I got all the skills I expected and friendships I really care about. I would recommend the camp to anyone willing to learn. It transformed the way I think and enabled me to finally build a scalable product. You want to know what I mean? If your only tool is a hammer, you treat every problem as a nail. Yet now I have a lot of different tools in my arsenal enabling me to think like an engineer and tackle problems with automation in a scaling way. And you will have too. Take my advice: Check out the Wagon events in your city or on Youtube and once you're ready embark on this journey!Read Less",le-wagon
"Coding is a skill i wanted to acquire for a long time. While life as a strategy consultant was thrilling and rewarding in many ways, a sense of monotony was sinking in over time - every (long) day was starting to look the same. Above all, I exceedingly... Read More felt like I wasn't doing enough - I wanted to be at the front line tackling and solving problems rather than taking the bird's eye view and finding rather high-level solutions. I enjoy self-learning and as such became passionate about the idea of learning how to code as one avenue to actually do more. I signed up to codeacademy and started learning front-end languages (html &amp; css) whenever the job allowed. However, coding is like an endless sea - I felt overwhelmed rather fast because of the many languages out there, and the lack of knowledge as to how it could potentially all tie together at some point. This is when I gave up on trying it on my own and began searching for coding schools. A university friend of mine took the 9 week coding bootcamp at Le Wagon in Brazil a year back, so naturally I reached out to him. He offered unwavering praise for the class, so I decided to give it a go and applied for the batch due to commence in January 2018 in Berlin. 5 months later I can say he was 100% right. The bootcamp was worth it - something I found hard to believe beforehand considering the price tag of coding bootcamps these days. Spending 8-10 hours each and every day learning &amp; applying concepts with the ability to ask as many questions as you like along the way was the perfect way to get off the ground in this endless sea of coding. After a month or so, I felt the equivalent of what young players in professional sports refer to as ""the game slowing down"" - concepts started to tie together and you'd start to really understand how frameworks (in our case ruby on rails) function from within. On a sidenote, the 9 weeks were not only a great learning experience, but also an incredibly fun time. Great people (with no exceptions!), evening get-to-togethers, fun activities and cocktail nights led to countless memories that will stay with me forever. Over the last 2 months since the bootcamp ended I've continued coding a few projects, the last being a successful coding challenge for a blockchain company. Quite honestly I am amazed by the progress that is possible in such a short time frame, and have Le Wagon and their wonderful teachers to thank for the getting me off the ground and triggering my curiosity to continue learning and getting better each and every day!Read Less",le-wagon
"I studied business but have always been interested in Tech and Entrepreneurship. After my bachelor before starting to think about what is next I wanted to learn something I have been always interested in but never really accomplished to fully understand... Read More - Coding. Through friends I heard of LeWagon and applied for Batch-92 in Berlin. The application process is super smooth and after a Skype Interview with Philipp I was admitted to the Bootcamp.The preparation was quite intense since you had to do a lot of courses online and had to start digging into the topic of coding. Fortunately, when the Bootcamp started many of the topics mentioned in the preparation were readressed. However, I can really recommend to do the preparation because otherwise it takes way longer to understand basic principles of coding. This is also one of the things I really really loved about LeWagon. I always struggled with coding since I had problems to make the step from understanding the principle to execute it in a real life example. And LeWagon made it so freakin easy. Every day started with a lesson about the topic of the day and afterwards you could directly apply the newly learned skills in numerous challenges that were sometimes hard but super rewarding. When you had a problem you could always ask your coding buddy (pair programming is awesome) or if there was no sight of the light at the end of tunnel you could just write a ticket and a TA came pretty swift to help you understand your problem and solve. It was never the case that you just got the solution. The teachers and TAs always tried to help you to solve the problem on your own. In combination with the real life challenges one really learned how to tackle problems on your own and to be indipendent in the outside world.Besides the great learning concept I want to mention three other things that I really appreciated during my time at LeWagon - People, Overall-Concept and Organization.We were a group of roughly 30 students and really became a well functioning group. Through the daily chaning coding buddies or the projects at the end of the Bootcamp you really got to know everyone. Besides that, several events and lunches increased the team spirit even more. The organization of the BootCamp was tremendous. Philipp, the driver, put every second of his time into making this BootCamp a tremendous success. He organized a lot of great events around the BootCamp, from Yoga-Sessions to talks with Developers and people from the Start-Up Scene. And that is also the point where LeWagon, in my opinion, stands out from other BootCamps. The whole concept is focused on not only learn how to code but also how to develop a promising product. This is one of the most helpful things when you head out to find a job as a product manager or developer.To summarize, LeWagon was a lifetime-experience that I never wanna miss and I can really recommend to everyone that are not only interested in learning a new skill but also how to apply this skill in products that customers love.Read Less",le-wagon
"I wanted to learn coding to get into the tech side of the blockchain industry. I initially tried to learn how to code myself but found that the way I was approaching the task was not bearing much fruit, so I decided to look for a bootcamp where I could... Read More quickly learn the skills I needed. Le Wagon consistently came up as the best Bootcamp for coding not just on review websites but also through word of mouth from family and friends.The most rewarding point in the programm is when you reach the final weeks and get to build up a project from scratch with a team of your choosing. I suddenly found that I could truly build something of value.Going to Le Wagon was one of the best decisions I made in terms of personal growth. You dont just learn how to code but also how to problem solve in an effiecient manner. Having finished the bootcamp a couple of months ago I am now working on a blockchain startup called Way which I would never have thought to have been a possibility back in December.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Miguel and I’m an entrepreneur from Colombia, I first join Le Wagon because I was lacking a developer on my team and instead of hiring one I decided it would be better if a learn the skills myself. Today as a former student of the bootcamp... Read More - Batch #129 Barcelona - I can say this: Le Wagon was just amazing, the teachers, the staff, the curriculum, the support, really make my experience perfect.After 9 weeks on intense work I ended up with great friends, a lot of knowledge and more importantly the ability to keep learning by your own with the help of a huge community of Wagoners. Together with other 3 students, we've developed EatSplit - a smart ordering solution for restaurants. You can check the project presentation here: https://www.lewagon.com/demoday/129/eatsplitNow I’m back to Colombia trying to start my business again, with new and fresh ideas and with a set of skills that are empowering me and helping me move faster.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating in management at Université Paris-Dauphine, I wasn’t sure about my aspirations. Because of the lack of other options, I started a master in finance. As I cared about my freedom and my creativity, I realized quickly that I wasn’t cut out... Read More for this kind of life. I decided to apply to Le Wagon Montreal (batch #125) and thus to quit my studies and to start coding. It was a risk but also probably the first good decision I made concerning my education. Indeed, studying at Le Wagon was a very good experience. In such a short period of time, I acquired the basis every web developer should have. It made me able to conceive and build a basic product as well as to collaborate with other developers and, above all, it equipped me with the necessary skillset to keep on learning and build new competencies by myself. Learning to code is a long and non-linear journey, the stronger your bases are, the faster and smarter you’ll be. Le Wagon’s teaching method is pioneering in the way that it provides the student not only with a general understanding of some languages but with a deep mastering of what is fundamental: the skeleton, the way everything is set-up. It is this particular combination of hard and soft skills that make a student able, at the end of only three months, to entirely build a website from the idea to the deployment. I am now pursuing my learning by working on various projects and will start next year a master in computer science in London, at UCL. I sincerely recommend this program and the wonderful and committed team of Montreal.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having suffered in math all throughout school and coming from a strictly liberal arts background, I was afraid programming would be too hard for my analytical brain to truly grasp in 9 weeks. Yet, the interest in the subject was big enough that I decided... Read More to pursue Le Wagon anyways. My experience during those 9 weeks shocked me. The long hours quickly translated into the steepest learning curve of my life to date. And although I didn't go in with the intention of becoming a developer afterwards, the passion transmitted by the teachers everyday, the holistic curriculum, and the supportive LW community have left in me curiosity about the programming world that I cannot shake off. I would recommend Le Wagon to anyone, from any background, with any interest or previous any skill-set. Understanding how the internet and the tech world works is an asset that cannot be dismissed in the 21st century and layering code on top of people's knowledge is one of the most powerful tools we have to positively impact the world. So if that's what you want to do, then I'd say jump on the Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined le Wagon Berlin 6 months ago. In retrospect, I’m fortunate to claim that it has been one of the best decision I have ever taken. For the context: We had just launched our startup and recently acquired market confirmation. We needed to scale up... Read More and therefore, update our MVP. Our original goal was for one of us to do the course in order to gain enough skills to be able to hire a CTO and/or manage a dev team.The bootcamp: You start learning the fundamentals of programming, moving onto front-end and design, wrap-it-up with Rails, the framework that puts everything together and finish up with 3 weeks of concrete project development. The starting weeks are intense but teachers are very dedicated to making sure you’re not left behind. However, you need to be fully committed to succeed and take the most out of it. It’s emotional payback time during the final project weeks when you figure out that you can build an entire web application from scratch when, 1.5 months ago, you thought that Java was an abbreviation for Javascript.After the bootcamp: I figured out I really like to code and decided to build our new product. With the skills acquired you’re able to tackle all of it: Conception, design, development, server setup, testing, rolling out and maintenance. At that point, Le Wagon had further proven its value with its great community as I was always able to reach out to teachers and ask for advice. To wrap-it-up, here are some of the key aspects you gain after completing le Wagon:	- Have an idea? Just build, launch and scale it! Ruby on Rails is very powerful to launch products very fast	- More than just coding: Get notions of product management, design and UX, all set in a business perspective 	- Understand developers and learn to communicate effectively with them	- Once you understand the fundamentals of programming, it’s easier to branch out to other languages	- You’re part of a growing and very supportive community	- Have access to great and constantly updated resources/learning material	Side-note: For those worried about the perception that coding is for geeks, math enthusiasts etc. please put those thoughts aside, those are complete bullshit. Do yourself some good: Get enrolled, struggle first and succeed at last. You will learn very powerful and actionable skills in a very short amount of time while behind around great people.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon from March to May 2018 in Milan (batch#131). I have a business background, I've studied management and worked in strategy consulting afterwards. I've decided to enroll in Le Wagon because I've always been interested in digital products... Read More and I wanted to learn more about how to build them. Now that it's over I can say that it was a great decision and I'm continuing to learn how to code. Some factors make Le Wagon your best shot if you're looking for a coding bootcamp.Le Wagon syllabus has been polished throughout the years. The approach is very practical and it offers a wide overview over the main tools you'll need as a developer. You won't need previous programming experience, just a lot of willingness to learn.The staff of Le Wagon Milan: teachers and assistants were very competent, passionate and cool people to deal with. It was the first bootcamp organized by Le Wagon in the city, yet everything went great thanks to them.The average day at Le Wagon comprises a rather short lecture (1.5h) in the morning, followed by a day of programming practice. All the exercises are channeled through an online platform, which has lots of resources available for the students also after the program ends. The last two weeks students get divided in groups to work on a final project, which we eventually presented at a major Italian incubator. It's pretty unbelievable to be able to build a proper digital product after such a short period! During the 9 weeks of the bootcamp you'll get an intense introduction to the world of coding. You'll have to continue learning afterwards - even the best developers have to - but you'll have all the tools to build web applications on your own or apply for junior dev positions. Overall, my review of the bootcamp is extremely positive. One word of caution though: what you get out of the bootcamp is up to you. It is tough, the days are long and sometimes you'll feel frustrated. However, if you will enjoy learning how to code - like I did - putting in the work that it requires to get the most out of it won't feel as tough.For who do I recommend Le Wagon? I strongly recommend it to whoever feels interested in learning more about coding. Not everybody who goes through Le Wagon necessarily becomes a developer afterwards, but everybody who attends gains an invaluable experience. Learning to code empowers people after all.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is not only a coding bootcamp, Le Wagon is a network made by people who really want you to suceed and help you along the way, even after the bootcamp.I was working as a Civil Egineer for 4 years, but I was not happy with it. I wanted to be part... Read More of the world of technology, to be able to create my own software that would alow me to solve people’s pains, and be able to work from anyplace, allowing me to travel more.After serious thinking, I really felt I should invest in Le Wagon’s Bootcamp, and I am really happy I did. The bootcamp is very tough, specially the first weeks where you struggle to get the basic concepts, but you just need to keep pushing forward and ask for help, everybody will help you.After 6 intensive weeks you will have to build your own app. For me, this was the best part of the bootcamp. I was building an app, from scratch, with 3 friends that shared the same excitement I had. A truly remarkable experience.We created Pick a Restaurant, an app that chooses for you the best places in Lisbon to have a meal or a drink.After the bootcamp I felt some kind of void. I didn’t have classes anymore, pick a restaurant was working, so I started looking for a job as junior developer. I went to several interviews and the feedback from employers was really good. They were surprised how a guy without a computer science background could be able to really stand out against computer science students.Only 1 month after I was invited to work for a software house, BLKO and now I am working as a Full Stack Developer in Ruby on Rails, just like I wanted.The bootcamp is just the begining. In tech, you need to be constantly learning and searching. I really recomend Le Wagon’s Bootcamp. Le Wagon changed my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi everybody, I'm Marco, and I'm happy to say that after studying with Le Wagon I feel comfortable calling myself a Junior Full-stack Developer.Coding was a big career change for me, but I began to approach a bit of coding on my own a few months before... Read More LeWagon. I recommend this strongly as it helped me a lot in the Bootcamp, even if the daily lessons were still very challenging. Le Wagon Bootcamp is just that: a chance to challenge yourself while taking part in a big family that supports you.Every day was a big learning curve (for everyone) and sometimes a student can feel frustrated, which is one of the most common feelings in the coding world...but at the same time, that frustration can fuel you to rise above difficulties along the way. For instance, at a certain point in the Bootcamp, I was ready to create a WebApp like AirBnB from scratch, and at that moment I felt invincible :DIn my personal experience, LeWagon brings you and your mind to the next level through a very good learning journey, where different and well-prepared teachers and assistants help you understand the core of the daily lesson.I found LeWagon Staff very patient, polite and prepared, and ready to go above and beyond for their students.All this Staff, your Colleagues, and the people from all over the world in LeWagon media give you access to amazing support channels (posting jobs, help, news...) with neverending new technical material posted. You are suddenly part of a global support network, that to me felt like a big new family (I got along really well with the teachers and other students!)That's the unique power of LeWagon. From the moment you sign up, you are never without support.Would I suggest LeWagon to whoever wants to change his/her life? Yes Would I pay again to redo the course? YesDid LeWagon help me find an interview/job/internship after the course? Yes, and their global network makes me feel that if I needed to relocate I could ask them for help again.The Final Project was useful? Yes, with LeWagon you will build a Portfolio without even realizing (really helpful for future applications).Please know that it will not be easy. Even as a beginner you have to have a real interest in code and a wish to learn. But if you have that, Le Wagon will support you from the beginning and give you the tools you need to start working. I recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have recently completed the bootcamp in Milan and I couldn't be happier with the experience!! Fantastic program, teachers and environment. It's tough during the 9 weeks - long days and often coding on weekends, but the teachers and TA's provide really... Read More good support and make sure nobody gets left behind.The bootcamp gives you all the computer science fundamentals and coding tools required to become a web developer, and provides a lot of support online post graduation (a lot of well made videos and tutorials to reference back to).Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from agricolture background, i wasn`t happy with my studies and for this reason, I decided to get more involved in product development by joining Le Wagon. The program has two key strengths: - A very hands-on approach focusing on product development's... Read More methodology and workflow (heroku, git, etc.)- A very demanding curriculum that teaches in-depth programming basics and software architecture, Ruby, Rails, Html, CSS, JavaScript....Le Wagon main strength lies in its solid program that teaches both essential technical skills and a strong product mindset, in fact at the end of the course the students are asked to think, develop and present their personal projects to the public and potential investors.The group of students also really contributed to the experience. Bright people from all over the world, with diverse backgrounds, and the format of the course, allowed us to really create a bond and learn from each other. The bootcamp at LeWagon allowed me to really dive into the world of code and gave me the tools to keep on learning. After a week since i finished the course i already got a job offer from my ex company where i was working before joining LeWagon. I highly encourage anybody considering joining Le Wagon as it is an experience that will continue to give you benefits even after the 9 week classes.Read Less",le-wagon
"BEFOREI am an architecture student but beside my love to my career I've always wanted to learn to code, that's why I decided to take a coding bootcamp. Before deciding which one to attend I came here, to Switchup (among other websites and Medium articles),... Read More and honestly I was super skeptical about the perfect rating of Le Wagon around the globe. But after reading tons of reviews and sharing the program to my coder friends I decided the best option was Le Wagon.When I left my hometown Mexico City, to attend Le Wagon Milan, my expectations where very high. DURING (Spoiler alert!)I was told that taking the bootcamp was an intense experience and after the first two weeks I noticed it was real. I entered with basic knowledge in coding and the first two weeks of Le Wagon are centered in Ruby and all the coding logic. Those weeks are though but very satisfying, because in time you realize that once you understand the logic behind coding everything else begin to make more sense and become easier. I think the program is well structured, by the end of the course you realize every single piece serves to build ""your"" final project, and during the course you have to work with a partner everyday, and that is also a challenge. Plus the teachers are really qualified and guide you through the 9 weeks!In the end of the bootcamp, with the final project, I was amazed of how much I achieved in only 2 months.AFTERNow I can say that taking Le Wagon was one of the best decisions in my life. I don't know yet if I will change my professional career towards web development, but learning all that amount of information and the methodology to learn new stuff as a day to day basis I think will be very important in my future. Thanks to this 2 months I feel completely comfortable in reading and writing code, and this empowers yourself! So if you get into this part of my opinion and if you still have curiosity with coding, I would recommend attending Le Wagon!If you are curious about what you achieve during the bootcamp you can take a look into my final project at https://www.foodi.tipsRead Less",le-wagon
"I just finished the latest batch (number 131) at Le Wagon Milan and I want to share with you why Le Wagon is the right option if you want to learn coding in Europe.I have always been interested in new technologies and I become even more interested during... Read More the past two years of my life.I thus began to study programming by myself, by using online courses, watching online tutorials and buying books. However, I felt that my progresses were too slow for two main reasons. Firstly, I had a full time job which allowed me too study only few hours every night. Secondly, I had no one to help me when my code was not working or when I did not grasp a specific topic.Therefore, I started to look around to find a coding course suitable for my needs. I came across Le Wagon thanks to the positive reviews I found on major tech websites.I was amazed by the abundance of positive reviews people wrote and how they enjoyed so much Le Wagon.Being skeptic, I started to contacting Le Wagon’s Alumni on LinkedIn asking if the course was really that good. All of them confirmed it to me: Le Wagon is the right coding bootcamp if you want to learn how to code.Therefore, I decide to take this jump in my life and finally commit 9 weeks of my time to learn coding. Le Wagon kept its promises. After 9 weeks I know more than what I could have achieved alone.Do not take me wrong, the course was extremely tough but even more rewarding.We started working at 9am and finished in the evening only when the exercises were done.The course has a simple yet effective structure. The first hour and half of the day was dedicated to learn a new coding concept while the other seven hours were dedicated to solve different exercises. It is a learning by doing process in which you, as individual, try to solve the challenge and, if you do not manage, only after consulting with your fellow students you can ask the teacher. Each teacher will be more than glad to help you out in finding your bug/mistake or find a better and cleaner way to write the code.Each day you are exposed to a new concept, a new code reality which, step by step, throughout the 9 weeks, will allow you to build the final project.The final project consists in a website/application developed in teams of 3 or 4 in less than 2 weeks. If you really think about it, Le Wagon takes a group of motivated individuals with zero experience in coding and, in little more than 2 moths, gives them the right tools to build a fully functioning web application and be prepared to code alone.At Le Wagon I did not only learn how to code, they also taught me how to look for the right information, the right posts, the right guides to be a better coder. In this world full of information and data, it is really difficult to spot what it is relevant and right from what it is not. Le Wagon teaches you how to learn to code and how to program in little over than 2 months.Read Less",le-wagon
"By deciding to go to Le Wagon you truly open up doors for yourself to new opportunities and skills, but also new friends and networks. One of the most important things to highlight about Le Wagon is the community you join, which is second to none. If... Read More it is the number of different nationalities represented (14 in my batch alone) or the varying backgrounds of the individuals, everybody has an interesting story to tell.Regarding the coding - do not expect it to be sugar coated in any way! You will really have to commit yourself to Le Wagon and coding in the nine weeks ( the first three weeks are not called ""hell weeks"" for no reason ;) ). But if you really want to learn the basics of coding and are up for a challenge this will definately be the right course for you!Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m a Parisian graduate in business. Since I’m out of college, everything has been aligned perfectly for me to pursue a great career in Finance. Everything, except that never felt right to me. Hence, for a year, I’ve been dedicating myself to purpose... Read More driven projects. But in each of these projects development, I found myself stuck on the same redundant reason: my lack of coding skills. Without these, there was no way to truly own the digital products I was working on. That’s why I attended LeWagon.As an autodidact, I tried first to learn how to code by myself. But I never succeeded to build anything serious, and I had the impression of losing my time attacking a field that seemed too big to handle on my own. Now I realize the odds were even bigger, and I can’t imagine how I could have succeeded without the intensity and the quality of LeWagon’s formation.LeWagon’s education logic is simple: learning by doing. However, that’s the way LeWagon pushes you to do that is incredibly effective. The courses are super clear, the TA’s were always pedagogue and motivating, the challenges get you to manipulate the concepts and really grasp them, the buddy system helps you accept difficulty and have fun with it, and the live codes are the sweetest moments to jump out from you comfort zone and realize the progress you made.Apart from the crazy nights we had going out with the batch, my favorite moments were also the last ones, during the project weeks. Those are the days when all of a sudden, you realize that you’re naturally doing what was unimaginable before. Seeing our team’s project getting concrete was a tremendous satisfaction. We rebuilt and dramatically improved one of my last year’s project: à European newspaper written by locals called Nationall.Surprisingly, I not only developed my coding skills but also my pitching skills, which I had to improve sharply for the demoday. I also discovered how to work in team with people coming from different background and cultures. All of it is both super interesting and ultra useful to be prepared for a professional environment.Now, I ended the bootcamp two months ago. After some deserved holidays, I’m still working with my teammates on our newspaper project to welcome our firsts writers and readers really soon. I’m also about to work as fullstack developer in a company to explore this new vast world full of possibilities. That’s how my conclusion takes us back to this post title; LeWagon broad up my horizon, it couldn’t have been the wrong choice.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is for real, when they tell you ""change your life, learn to code"" they do not lie.On the end, it is the opportunity to discover and master a new motivating universe, dynamic, filled with challenges and constantly evolving, the tech world. (you... Read More wont get bored anytime soon)After several reorientations and 5 years of business school, the code has triggered in me something that gave me many future perspectives: be a freelancer and work from anywhere in the world with just a computer and a wifi, start a project solo (or not!) with elbow grease and 0 $ in the wallet, be hired as a dev and join an adventure in a startup type company in the tech world, and so on!On the experience Le Wagon, nothing to say, well yes, a lot of good! About efficiency, do not be afraid of the duration, 2 months is short but here it was enough, in addition to a new topic, we discover a new way of learning: constantly supported by the ultra-effective online platform (and accessible for life) including all courses, exercises, corrections, QCM ...; each day brings a new challenge through a 1h30 class in the morning on a topic, then a whole day to practice it and understand it well, before moving on to the next day. It sounds simple, but it changes everything.Add to that a great working atmosphere (but not just work), effective teachers and a driver that gives everything, and you have, in just 2 months: learned to code, built a network (constantly expanding) in this sector, met new buddies, had fun, had some drink (must release the pressure), and opened new horizons! It goes so fast, that in the end we ask for more.And all this for everyone, no need for knowledge in code, good school record, ""mention"", being from ""such school"" or other, just to come in a good mood.On Le Wagon in Lyon, the team is perfect, Matthieu the driver give this extra care to all batchers (pay attention to the ""diet"" Le Wagon, would be better to re-register in the gym before, just in case), about the teachers Kevcha and Jpheos, they know much about coding and bring much fun, and in addition they are pedagogue ... But watch out for the football teams that some support!If you hesitate to do Le Wagon, I will save you time, do not hesitate, go for it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to take part in Le Wagon in January in Berlin. Why ? Because in my two main professional experiences - 1 year as an entrepreneur and 6 months in a chatbot agency, I’ve been very frustrated not to be able to communicate properly with developers... Read More and to build my own projects. Also, in both these experiences, I realized I didn’t want to be limited to sales or marketing roles, and that I would like to be more product-oriented (product manager for example). At that point I’ve had just finished my Master in a French Business School and I didn’t want to spend more years studying ! A 9-week coding bootcamp was for me the best time-to-outcome ratio. The program is very well packaged: you first have 20-30 hours of video content before the bootcamp to get comfortable with the main concepts and then you start the 9 weeks with an intensive but still agreeable rhythm. The course is based on the learning-by-doing method (which I consider the best method to learn) : 1 hour and a half of lesson in the morning and then exercises all day ! It finishes with a live code when the students are challenged on new coding exercises. Every morning you learn brand new concepts that you have to apply immediately.The exercises have gradual levels, you will start very simple and then it will get more and more complicated. The teachers know at what level you are and provide really personalised help. The whole program is made for you to improve every day and you have the feeling that you can actually accomplish something pretty quick. The most impressive part is the platform on which you work, it’s super advanced. Every lesson, videos of the lectures, exercices, corrections are available on it and there is a lot !The projects part in the last three weeks is the best time when you can actually apply what you’ve learned. Plus you will figure out how to get organized as a team, to collaborate on a project and to get it live - which is basically the job of a full-time developer. So at the end of the project weeks, you have a functioning first website and a good idea of what it’s like to be a developer.Regarding what happens next, I personnaly stuck to my first idea so I’ve looked for a product management position. I landed a great job at Delivery Hero (Rocket Internet) as Global Product Operations Specialist, not even 2 months after Le Wagon ! I definitely feel more confident about discussing the architecture of a project, putting my hands in the code and solving technical problems. And all that thanks to Le Wagon ! I also spend some time on a personal project on the side to keep my coding skills.Overall it was an amazing experience ! I talked a lot about the coding aspects but I also want to mention that other students were great people. The atmosphere is really about good vibes, we spent time together after work and we knew when to celebrate our accomplishments. I clearly recommend this for everyone who wants to change career or to have a deeper understanding of tech challenges facing companies nowadays.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a classically trained graphic designer I love making things in my computer, and It was very surprising to me that my curriculum didn’t require scripting, code, or software design. After I graduated I began working as an art director for a global advertising... Read More firm, and eventually ended working for the digital side - where I got the chance to work on the creative side of web development. I realized how hard it can be to make awesome things if you don’t understand the technical capabilities of the technologies you’re using to build them, and therefore decided to learn to code. I began LeWagon without having any clue on how really life changing it would be. When you work in a creative field for a big corporation, you are very detached from ownership if what you make. Working for big clients or agencies, meant that i wasn’t really spending my time doing what I loved, MAKING COOL THINGS, but working my way around loopholes to get things approved - delivered - sold. Coding and LeWagon gave the back the power to really create value from scratch allowing me to make a living through building products that people are passionate about.I was impressed at the quality of people that was brought together by the bootcamp, and how different our backgrounds where. The community and collaboration approach to learning works wonders when you allow yourself to be immersed during the 9 weeks - and after that you will leave with a network of amazing professionals/people who you have shared a life changing experience with.I would recommend to anyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"I reached a point in my career where I realised there was no growing opportunities for me in the company I was working for. I was bored and I felt like a machine doing my job, it wasn't rewarding anymore and I didn't see the result of my work.I did a... Read More little bit of research and joined some meet up groups until I stumble upon Le Wagon in Berlin, where I currently live. After a couple of meet ups with them, I realised that I really enjoyed coding. I spoke with some of their students and was surprised to learn that some of them didn't have any technical background at all, just like me. I was always curious to learn how things work and found that coding will be the perfect place to find that out.After a lot of thinking I decided to join the bootcamp and was very happy when I was accepted. I decided to quit my job and start a new chapter in my life as developer. I enjoyed every single day of the 9 weeks bootcamp, every day I woke up looking forward to the new challenges we'll have at school, and was amazed to see how much you can learn in just 9 weeks. I found that the buddy system they use is simply great, as working in pairs really help you understand the problems and as the teachers say, ""If you are able to explain something is because you fully understand it"" and is absolutely true, so having your buddy of the day as your rubber duck really help you go through the problem and discover where you might have difficulties. During the bootcamp we had few visits from ex students that told us about their experiences after the bootcamp and that gave me the opportunity to learn about the job market and specially what to expect when applying for jobs, sharing their tips and advices. We also had the visit of few HR specialists that shared with us the dos and don'ts when writing your CV and Cover Letter and share their professional advice. I have to admit, I had my ups and downs during the bootcamp, as is very very intense but I never regretted my decision. A whole new world just opened and I'm so glad to be part of it.  If you put your heart and effort in something, you'll achieve your objectives!Read Less",le-wagon
"The decision I made to join Le Wagon was the best decision I have ever made. Previously I was working as an accounting-software-consultant and I had only 2 options. To continue the job which I did not like that much or to quit and be lost. But, Le Wagon... Read More changed my life in only 9 weeks. The course is super intensive and at the end of the course, I was able to build web applications by myself and ready to apply for junior developer positions. Best things about Le Wagon is that you meet great people from various background, and they are all super nice guys! Also, all of them are highly motivated to sophisticate their programming skills so that you will never be disappointed.After the boot-camp, I still work together with them to prepare for job hunting, go out for drinks (especially in Berlin you may experience intense Friday nights like I did but anyway) etc. Events such as alumni talks are useful in order to prepare for things you want to do, for instance searching for jobs, freelancing and so on. One thing I regret is that, I should have done Le Wagon earlier in my life :(Read Less",le-wagon
"If you have an idea for a business that doesn't fit their criteria it won't get made. Also if you have a really complex idea some of the tutors are not qualified enough to help build it and your project will go unfinished. If you want a job in the field... Read More as a Junior developer then it's a good start, but if you have more serious aspirations there are other avenues that you can take. And likewise, if you have a project, it's probably best to get somebody else to build it and learn on the side how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was one the most intense and fun learning experiences I have had. Developing a fully functioning online product together with the other students by the end of the nine weeks is such a great feeling. I will recommend it to everyone.The bootcamp... Read More starts out by teaching you programming ""the hard way"" in the sense, that it teaches you a lot of the basics behind the frameworks you will be taught later on. That way you will gain a deeper understanding of the technologies you work with, which also means that you appreciate them a lot more when you get to use them.Le Wagons self developed learning platform and style of teaching is also well thought out and constantly evolving. Having access to the platform will be useful to you way past the duration of the bootcamp if you plan on working as a developer in the future.In many ways you get out of Le Wagon what you put into it. During the nine weeks you will cover a lot of different subjects - some of them more in depth, but many will be on a nice-to-know-basis for you to explore by yourself after the bootcamp. It is worth noting that our teachers were clear about that attending Le Wagon was not necessarily equal to getting a job as a web developer afterward. However, by the end of the bootcamp you will feel like you know how a web developer works and how to get to that level if you should choose to pursue web development as a career path.Today, I use my previous work experiences from the journalism and communications field together with a lot of the technologies and workflows we learned about at the bootcamp in a job at a startup. So the ""code the startup way""-approach of Le Wagon has been highly relevant for me.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was working as a Civil Engineer in a global infrastructure company, but I decided I needed to try and pursue my passion in coding and development. Reviews on sites like this one are what led me to choosing Le Wagon Sydney, and following... Read More a to a discussion with Charly Martin (the driver for Sydney) to make sure I was the right fit, I can tell you that I could not have been happier with my decision to join Le Wagon.Le Wagon Sydney is an excellent bootcamp that really challenges you and pushes you to make the most out of the 9 precious weeks you have with them. Le Wagon teaches you the fundamentals of web development using Ruby on Rails and give you the skills to go out and create your own web app and make your ideas reality.The course structure is well suited to coding as it a very hands on and ‘learn by doing’ experience. Day starts with a morning lecture (1h30) then challenges with a ‘Coding Buddy’ for the day (based on what you learnt in the lecture) and finally it finishes up with a live code where as a class we go over an exercise together and learn the nuances of everyone’s own approach to a problem.Le Wagon Sydney has excellent teachers (and guest teachers from all over the world) which are genuinely interested in seeing you succeed. Everyone at Le Wagon has a contagiously great attitude and the Le Wagon Alumni Network is a resource that keeps on giving even once you have finished the course as everyone is happy to help each other out.As a final note I would say that Le Wagon Sydney:- Teaches you the technical skills for Web Development using Ruby on Rails, HTML and CSS, and JavaScript- Cultivates an entrepreneurial mindset in its students- Provides a new network of people from diverse backgrounds who share the same passion for development- Pushes you hard but is well paced to get you turning your ideas into reality in just nine weeksI have already recommended this to many people in my life and I will continue to do so as this is a fantastic course for a diverse range of people and skills levels looking to get into developmentRead Less",le-wagon
"Being an economist, I had a big interest in data science and started to try to learn a bit by myself. I wasn’t very successful and decided that it would be better to learn with other people. Le Wagon seemed like the best choice. Even though the program... Read More focuses on web development, I felt it would be best to get a good grasp on programming before looking specifically at data. I applied for Batch #97 in Lisbon and managed to get in and join this great community.It was a very intensive 9 weeks with a very sharp look at ruby and web-development. As a newcomer, it was amazing to start understanding how software works, how websites I use on a daily basis are structured and created, and actually create one by the end of the bootcamp. Classes focused on the practical side of how to use code as a developer and we were given the tools to look deeper and understand some of the underlying mechanisms of ruby and rails. Always working in pairs gave us a great way to learn with other people and understand how collaborative programming actually is.During the bootcamp, I had the opportunity to talk with a lot of tech companies in the Lisbon Ecosystem and attend several talks on all issues tech. During the bootcamp one of our lead teachers told me of a job opportunity at Landing.jobs, a Portuguese start-up. I had interviews and technical challenges and in the end I got the job!It is very weird how much my life changed since I entered Le Wagon. Nowadays I’m fixing bugs and developing features that are actually being used by people. Before the bootcamp, I knew nothing about coding and was looking for opportunities in economics and now I’m actually a programmer learning more at a great company and with the tools to explore the world of programming.Read Less",le-wagon
"One year ago I decided it was time to learn coding. I started off by my own, reading a book and watching online videos. I soon realised that I needed a better way to learn the basics and create the foundations on which I could build on my knowledge. Lewagon... Read More gave me this exact foundations that I was dreaming for. In the end of the course the most talented students will be able to find a job strait way, but everybody will have the foundations and knowledge of what to do next in their new coding career.Regarding Lewagon London: The offices were really nice, very spacious, modern and clean. All the staff was super friendly and helpful. The location was good too, in a nice area close to the center and next to the overground. The classes were surprising well structured and organized. I would like to mention something negative but there is nothing I can thing off. Even the students in my batch were incredible.Overall, I really enjoyed being a student again and I feel like I learned a lot too thanks to Lewagon. If they had an advanced course I would join for sure! Really recommended.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to the Bootcamp I've been working in different commercial companies which I worked at during and after my Marketing and Business Studies. Before these sales and marketing driven years I got the news I would be visual impaired in the future which... Read More in the end would set me all the way back to not being able to work at a normal job. My love for computers was put away due the fact I would not be able see a computer screen in the near future. However, I couldn't foreclose my natural passion for tech. After approximately 8 years, which included many operations on my eyes, I finally got some good news. Which was that my operation succeeded and I would be able to see more in the future.During this period, I was fortunate enough to work in the same building as Le Wagon Amsterdam. Knowing my eyes would improve over time and having learnt about Le Wagon, I knew I had to pursue my love for technology. I did my research on Le wagon and decided that this would be the perfect place to learn how to code. At the start (and today) I still didn't have full vision and I was afraid this would limit my ability to learn during the Bootcamp. Reviews helped me a lot to overcome this difficult decision.The alumni who wrote these reviews didn't lie! I can tell for certain that when a company is able to learn a visual impaired person to code; they are able to learn everybody who is motivated enough to learn this new skillset! The learning environment is very structured and provides multiple ways of learning or recapping your knowledge (e.g. daily flashcards, video lectures/tutorials). After the morning lecture you start working on your challenges to apply the knowledge you learned before. There is a team of amazing and motivated teachers walking around that are eager to share their knowledge with you and help you out. Also they designed the way how you gather the knowledge during this Bootcamp very well. This is something which is really hard to explain, but cannot be missed once you are following this Bootcamp or even when you are done with the Bootcamp. Actually it is kind of amazing how much you're able to learn in such a short period.I would recommend this Bootcamp to everyone who is willing to commit their time in learning to code. Actually I think learning to code is an essential skill which should be thought to all kids in the world. Because not only gives this skill a lot of job opportunities, it also changes the way you think, look and deal with some real world aspects and problems. So to end this long review:Following this course changed my life and I hope it will change yours!Read Less",le-wagon
"The Three Things that matter most: 1. Learning Fundamental coding concepts that for most (including myself), would be impossible to learn independantly. 2. An Alumni Network that will work wonders in the future, including the network for getting a job... Read More on course completion. 3. Le Wagon is not an Educational factory that churns out Students, but is one that cares about developing every student, according to their needs. (Some students just get coding, others take longer - Le Wagon can accomidate both types). To put it simply, they care about Student Outcome's over Revenue. This is special. What Le Wagon is: 1. A place to learn fundamentals of programming. A foundation where you can be confident that with time and cotinuious self-improvement, you can learn anything.What Le Wagon is not: 1. A one-stop shop to learn everything there is to learn about Development. You will be able to code, you can develop applications but continious self-improvement is needed to become a real developer beyond coding. As with anything, there is no quick fix.Read Less",le-wagon
"I originally studied Business and worked for many years in Administration. Then I decided that I needed a career change, and because I felt inspired by the tech industry, I wanted to learn to code.I applied to Le Wagon in Lisbon, #batch122, where my life... Read More changing experience started!It’s a very challenging program, which has been structured in such a way, it gives a maximum of technical knowledge in a minimal amount of time. Most of all, they teach you how to learn, which will be very helpful as a developer, since as a developer you’re continuously learning, in order to keep yourself updated with the new technologies in the market.At the beginning I really thought it was impossible that my brain could assimilate so much information at once, but believe me, it is possible! I’m a living, breathing example of it! I struggled a lot at the beginning, but I managed to bring everything together towards the end thanks to the endless help and support from the Teachers, TA’s and the manager. In just 9 weeks, I went from zero to a Junior Developer, who’s capable of developing a web application!I strongly advise Le Wagon for those who want to learn to code. They have developed a perfect program that any non tech background person, like me, can turn themselves into a developer in just 9 weeks.Beside learning to code, Le Wagon also provided me with a very cool learning environment. My idea of school was a boring and serious place to learn, but at Le Wagon, we can do both - learn and have lots of fun at the same time :)I really enjoyed this experience, and strongly recommend it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I studied history and politics at Swansea University and I have no idea why I chose those subjects. I was just going to uni because everyone else did. I was then self employed doing a bit of labouring work and other bits and bobs. But then I decided to... Read More start learning Ruby and Javascript online and realised I just loved it.I decided to enroll with Le Wagon because it's a very product focused course and having competed the course I can see how 9 intense weeks is all you need to get your first job. The week after I finished Le Wagon I found paid work as a full stack developer.The curriculum is well mapped out, starting with backend, so you are starting to think like a software developer from the very start, then it moves onto front end, Javascript and Rails. The last 3 weeks are spent working in teams building your own rails apps scratch. Without these last 3 weeks I would not have been able to get a job so quickly working on real life we apps for paying customers. There are loads of teachers everyday, saving you needless wasted time and always improving your skills.In only 9 weeks I went from beginner to Full Stack Developer. I highly recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"No matter how prepared to rock your bootcamp experience you might think you are, Le Wagon’s intense 9-week program will put you in your place rather quickly. This shouldn’t stop you from enrolling if you are very new to programming, but once you apply,... Read More take each of your pre-bootcamp days very seriously, you will be grateful to yourself for that later.I studied in Tokyo, and it was an unforgettable experience. All teachers and teaching assistants are very different in their backgrounds and approaches in how they tackle programming challenges, which proved to be extremely useful. You'll be continuously pushed to go an extra mile, so not only your programming skills but your work ethic will skyrocket at Le Wagon as well.Best of luck to you, Paul and Sylvain, in continuing to make Le Wagon Tokyo such a great place!Read Less",le-wagon
"I actually ended up looking for a boot camp on web development by accident. I had been in banking for almost eleven years in various roles related to risk management of structured derivatives but decided I wanted to work independently and set up my own... Read More company. My wife and I decided that, hey, this might also be a good time to emigrate to Chiang Mai Thailand, Thailand being my wife's original home country and from there I was planning to land myself a remote c++ developer role which I had been trained in. By coincidence, I met someone in Chiang Mai who was in dire need of web developers. Since this would suit me down to a tee, I decided I wanted to get up to speed in web development as soon as possible. After some research, Le Wagon easily came out on top for me. Deciding on Bali as a destination was easy too. Again my wife had been there four times before and had many good stories to tell.From day one the course in Bali was very well organized. The team: organization, teachers, and teacher's assistants were all top notch and very friendly and helpful. I was super impressed by the backgrounds of all the participants, besides the fact that the group itself was very enthusiastic and energetic. Moreover, the whole atmosphere was very inspiring from an entrepreneurial perspective.The course location in Canggu was truly one of a kind: stunning sunset views of the beach, which is only within walking distance away. Canggu itself has many great restaurants and places to hang out and Bali is fantastic for day trips, and hiking in particular: I climbed both Mt. Batur and Mt. Abang.The course itself is very well set up: it kept you on your toes but was neither going too fast nor too slow. It overall felt I was learning the right things to create a web app from scratch. My teachers were also willing to discuss related subjects outside the course material, which I personally found very helpful. It inspired me to start learning React and React Native as well.Read Less",le-wagon
"I studied chemical engineering and was working in logistics before joining Le Wagon in Lisbon.I decided to quit my job and start learning how to code because I love math and logic and I was tired of my day to day work being so far away from that. I joined... Read More Le Wagon because of the excellent reviews given by a friend of mine who did the course before and, now, I couldn’t agree more. It is very well structured. Each day consists of one morning lecture (1h30); then Exercises and at the end of the day, live-code.The lecture prepares you for the exercises that you’ll do with a coding buddy. Each exercise is a challenge but much easier with this buddy system because it works as an exchange of knowledge between the buddies, and also because many times you think you don’t know how to solve an exercise but you just have to start talking with somebody to find out the solution. When this is not enough you always have teachers to help you.The bootcamp is really intense and you learn so much in such a short time that in the last 10 days you are build alone with your team an app from scratch!On top of this great structure, it is an amazing team of talented teachers always available to explain to you once more! In my opinion this is the best way to start over in the tech world: through this intensive course in a school with real evidence of successful students. This course will guide you from the basics to a stage where you can start developing by yourself.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon’s batch #122 in Lisbon last winter. The course is intense and often challenging, as it is really fast paced (which often drove me through a rollercoaster of emotions) but very rewarding in the end – their method really works! Moreover,... Read More Lisbon’s Le Wagon team did a great job ensuring there were plenty leisure moments to counter-balance our hard work: we’d all get together for a drink in the evening quite regularly, they’d organise a dinner every Friday and yoga classes twice a week were also included &lt;3Now that the bootcamp is over, I feel really empowered thanks to my new tech skills. Also, it’s great knowing that I’ll have access for life to Le Wagon’s online platform (featuring tons of really useful tutorials and other learning materials) and to the community of amazing former “Le Wagoners” around the world – both being an invaluable source of knowledge and networking!I’m really glad I made the decision of joining Le Wagon and definitely recommend the bootcamp to those who feel excited about the challenge of putting their brains to work in order to unlock a universe of endless new opportunities for their professional lives!Read Less",le-wagon
"Have you ever felt like you have good ideas, but you don’t really know how to make them real?Let me tell you, I was having this exact same feeling for over one year. As founders of a no-web start-up, my cofounder and I were feeling that to grow we needed... Read More to make our ideas accessible to everybody through web apps. The option we had to do this was to hire tech guys or an agency to develop our ideas. The problem was that as a start-up our budget was very restricted, so we were always getting to those typical questions: What if the “magic” idea we have is not that good? What if the people we hire steal our idea? What if they take more time than expected? All these questions took us to the next question: why don’t we become the tech guys by learning to code? That was it!I started the coding learning process through free online learning platforms. But after a few months, I realized it was taking me nowhere. I found two problems - The first was that I didn’t know what courses to choose. What’s the first language I should learn? What should be the next one? How are they supposed to be linked? The second problem was that I was solving the challenges on their platform and if I was getting stuck I could just click the solve this exercise button and the platform was solving it for me.Those two problems where the ones that brought me to applying for Le Wagon Lisbon. And let me summarize my experience there in few words: Le Wagon has been the best learning experience I have had in my life so far. I truly believe it’s a game changer. Everyday I was attending a two-hour lecture until 11 am. After that I was solving challenges for five hours base on what I have had just learned, helped by teachers and assistant teachers. And, from 5pm to 7pm, I was discussing with the teaching staff and with my classmates on how I had solved the challenges and what could have been a better way. The pace was perfect for me and after nine weeks I’m proud of my new knowledge in five different languages and in one framework.If you want to be an entrepreneur, Le Wagon gives you solid bases to develop functional web apps and test them in the market in agile way and if the market doesn’t validate your idea you still have the knowledge to create another one and validate it again and so on.If you feel like you have good ideas, my advice for you is that you learn to code. Is the most effective way to test those ideas. For me, Le Wagon was the best way to learn how to code, maybe for you is the same.Read Less",le-wagon
"Daniel Bugge [3:02 PM]I come from a mixed background having grown up in South America and holding 3 nationalities from Portugal, Norway and Argentina. I studied Geography at university and after that I decided to join a Sound Engineering course in Lisbon.... Read More My musical background gave me an interesting insight into the programming world and Le Wagon gave me the perfect introduction into coding that opened my eyes to the possibilities that programming could bring.The structure and environment of the course allowed me to develop an idea that I had for a while, which was to bring musicians that are new to cities closer to the ressonmating world of music that is so prevalent in most capital cities around the world. JammBoxx is an app that I developed with my team during the bootcamp which allows users to turn their own living rooms into musical spaces by organising jamm-sessions with what musical instruments they and people who joined the jamm had available.Beyond the unique opportunity to develop literally any idea you have ever dreamt of, Le Wagon offered an ecosystem of intelligent, interesting individuals from a wide range of backgrounds, which I feel have a strong effect on each others ability to imagine and innovate. I joined a batch in Lisbon and it is interesting to see where this type of innovation will take each and every one of the members of this batch in a city recently coined the growing ‘startup capital of Europe’. Le Wagon fits in this city like a techtris block :wink: promoting the idea that indeed anyone can enter this exhilarating world of tech by providing the right mindset and correct fundamental knowledge and skills to do so.Read Less",le-wagon
"Great experience these 9 weeks at Le Wagon Lyon. The teaching materials and monitoring tool are simply enormous.My objective was to be autonomous in the web project design : to be able to concretize and materialize ideas of projects. And this is largely... Read More achieved with the bonus of tons of good practices to be super efficient and do a quality job.Beyond learning the code, it is also teams of teachers and organization who invest themselves at your side and encourage all alumni and project leaders. Le Wagon is not only these 9 weeks, it is also and especially a very strong community that accompanies you long after...Read Less",le-wagon
"I was working as a copywriter as well as teaching English as a second language before diving into Le Wagon’s full stack bootcamp in Barcelona. I graduated from the College of Humanities and the Arts at my university back home, double-majoring in Philosophy... Read More and Spanish, and I had previously focused my professional work toward a career in education and writing.Once I began working as a copywriter, I was involved in the process of an international company creating websites, apps and landing pages for itself. Although I enjoyed my participation, I desired to have a greater role, and rather than wait for a developer to to create something for me to write on, I figured it’d be fantastic for me to write on projects I’ve developed myself.Learning to code was the most obvious step for me to offer more as an employee, but more importantly, it was a way to learn the skills for me to develop the personal websites and apps that I had began to conceptualize.Le Wagon provided us with a very well planned and practical curriculum that effectively introduces students to coding, focuses on teaching the fundamentals and reinforces that students understand what’s happening, what they’re doing, and why they’re doing what they’re doing at every step along the way.Additionally, Le Wagon’s teaching style does more than simply teach how to code to get a job as a developer, it provides workshops, classes, and exercises to practice using our new knowledge as entrepreneurs. Furthermore, Le Wagon teaches students how to keep learning on their own, which is critical in coding because coding is dynamic, always changing, and anyone that’s involved with it never stops learning.Aside from the teaching, the Le Wagon community, as a part of the larger Ruby community, is welcoming, helpful and I’m really happy to be a part of it. Thanks to Gus and whole team at Le Wagon Barcelona!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is George, and I’m a farmer looking to change how we buy our groceries. I work with my mum, on our 52 acre organic farm near Byron Bay, Australia (Check it out on instagram @farm.and.co ). However it wasn’t always as easy and idyllic as it sounds.... Read More For a long time, we were selling to wholesale markets, and struggling to make a profit.Not long ago we changed our business model, and now sell all of our products direct to consumer, at our doorstep. In this model, we see an opportunity for customers to buy direct from the farmer whilst also providing producers with a fair wage.I want to bring this model to more farmers and food makers. So I decided to go to Le Wagon.At Le Wagon, I was lucky to meet some amazing people from all around the world. Some of which I am still working on projects with today. Each day we worked on projects and challenges, and 9 weeks later we each know how to code. The bootcamp was amazing, including patient, caring teachers, awesome facilities for all the students and yoga each week as promised.It’s still hard to believe I can now code. I feel like a magician. Almost anything I want to create, I can. Currently I am perfecting my idea and will be launching on the 12th of May. You can view it at farmandco.com.auRead Less",le-wagon
"So here it goes:I started looking for work after finishing my college degree in business communications, I knew from the start that it wasn’t going to be easy but never expected the job search to be so difficult. I went to a lot of interviews and sent... Read More even more resumes but it wasn’t taking me anywhere. So I wouldn’t stop working and keep my head up, I started to work in various fields different from what I was looking for, like gardening and washing cars. During this time, I found that I needed to expand my skills, so I found some people teaching programming for free on the internet. After some time studying on my own online, I thought it would be easier to find a brick and mortar school and that is when I found Le Wagon.Some interviews and tests later, I was in and it all evolved really fast.Of course I was nervous to start something completely new and with people I had never heard about, but what I didn’t know as well was that every one was almost on the same page as me and that I would have complete and full support from the teachers with every obstacle I found.The first three weeks were probably the hardest thing I have done in a long time - for most of it, I was completely lost… But I kept going because I knew it would get better, and it did!During the last weeks, we started our own projects and everyone was a bit nervous because we didn’t know what we really knew, if that makes sense… What happened was that somehow a lot of information sunk into our brains, of course, we didn’t know everything and we still needed help from the teachers, but most of us were able to implement features and code in ways were didn’t know we could.At the end it was so rewarding seeing our web-apps working and not only my team’s project but the others as well because we all fought for the same goal during nine hard and intense weeks and it was there for everyone to see!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I had never had a relationship with computers. Any problem I'd have I'd go running to my boyfriend for help. I had been a teacher before joining and at university I'd studied Art History, nothing related to computers at all. I... Read More didn't think I'd have it in me to be good at web development. What was web development?After meeting lots of self- taught coder digital nomads and hearing some good reviews of Le Wagon I decided it was now or never to try to change my career. Time to try something new, put my brain to work like it never had before and learn how to code. I was lucky that Lisbon had a Le Wagon school and even luckier that I was able to get the resident's scholarship which made it much more affordable.I did Batch 122 which started in January, in the cold, wet winter months I thought were perfect for hibernating and coding away. And that's what I did, all day, everyday. At first the weeks were extremely hard for me, I'd never used my brain like this, I was tired, some days I did not understand how to solve the exercises, I thought I'd never be good enough...There were days I went home sad and frustrated, others however, when I felt on top of the world excited about the new things I had learnt and what I was able to achieve. Understanding the challenges, working out the code for myself was both elating and inspirational! As the weeks proceeded I realised that it wasn't sustainable worrying about understanding every single line of code. You have to trust in yourself and even if you have trouble doing so, trust in the system and the course and at some point you will start to realise that even though things don't get easier, you can solve them as your confidence increases. At some point you think: I can do this! It's a wonderful feeling.The challenges are never easy, from Day 1 you go through a baptism of fire but with the help of teachers and the other classmates you will feel very proud getting through it all. Le Wagon achieves this in 3 primary and essential ways:1. The teachers and TA are an absolute dream-team. Extremely knowledgeable, helpful, supportive with unrelenting patience and the desire to make you understand and more importantly to empower you how to achieve results for yourself. They also have an amazing energy and a great sense of humor making them so much fun to be around - Superteachers!2. The buddy system - everyday you are set up with a new buddy, this helps immensely because some days you are being helped by a stronger student and other days you find yourself being the stronger one, mentoring your buddy. Then you feel you've really understood. The buddy system allows you to find your strengths and weaknesses and form strong bonds with your classmates.3. The community and the atmosphere. Le Wagon is a family and you really feel that from Day 1. Our manager and community-manager Shannon and Maria were superb at making us feel at ease and involved at all times. We would have a weekly Friday dinner and many other activities which allowed us to bond with each other and the teachers. Beer pong, dancing, doughnuts and snacks, hugs, you name it, we had it!Now that my Le Wagon experience has ended I am still very much tied to the community and I would be very sad if that were not so. These are bonds made for life and I know that if I ever have a programming problem I have tens of people I can turn to for help. I am hoping to find a job as a Junior Developer and really achieving my goal of changing my career and my life. Extremely highly recommended course and experience and a special shout out to the Lisbon school. The people involved have a big heart and it shows in their teaching, organizing, the ability to motivate people and make it fun!Read Less",le-wagon
"Among all the bootcamps, I think this is one of the best way to learn about web development. Le wagon Lyon provides high level training with very talented teachers. I highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone looking for a career change or for technical skills... Read More to develop a business. It's definitely not easy, but you wont regret it!One more important thing: Le wagon is a human experience too, you’ll have the opportunity to develop great friendships and networks. All the staff cares about the happiness of the students and are willing to create a supportive environment to help you achieve all the goals of the training.Read Less",le-wagon
"Amazing experience, I reccomand it for anyone who have a project or want to learn code",le-wagon
"Le wagon is a perfect bootcamp for learn to code. It was the best 9 weeks of my student Life. I recommand it for sure , the product is Amazing and the profs in Lyon are the best ... Thanks for everything .",le-wagon
"Without going into my life story too much I recently quit my job working at a social media startup after feeling fed up with customer complaints day in day out and knowing I was capable of a lot more.I had started to take an interest in coding since I... Read More was already capable of designing websites and I wanted to take it to the next level. For me, it was all about self-achievement I just wasn't getting enough satisfaction designing website anymore.During my downtime from work, I tried to teach myself how to code but lacked the focus and was too easily distracted and didn't find myself making much progress. So started looking for classes/bootcamps on how to code. I found Le Wagon which had glowing 5 starts reviews (which made me a bit sceptical at first) and after researching them a bit more I decided to pull the trigger and go for it.I'm still young but honestly, I have never made a better decision in my life. I learnt more in my 9 weeks at Le Wagon then I ever did in an entire year of college. No matter your age or background if you are even slightly considering doing it then seriously just take the plunge, you will look back at it in the future as a defining point in your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having completed the latest batch at Le Wagon London, I can honestly say this has been the most incredible, life changing experience I've had. Before Le Wagon, I worked as a builder. At the end of Le Wagon I was a junior developer. It may sound simplistic... Read More but that's the case for everyone who completes this course. They give you the solid foundations, understanding and skills to perform as a competent junior developer and get a job in the real world. The course is not easy though and you definitely get out of it what you put in to it. If you're not commited, you'll drown. It's a demanding and intense course that takes up 45 full days of your brain power and stamina. Having said this though, it's also brilliantly fun and engaging. Ed Ward and the team at Le Wagon London make the whole experience worth getting up in the morning for. Every week there's an interesting event hosted either at the course offices or at Google Campus. They put on drinks every friday for the alumni and it this stuff that set's it apart from the other courses. In terms of job help, they provide several talks from industry leaders and past alumni to help you understand how to get your first job if this is your aim after the course. There is no need to spend a further 3 weeks and £2,5k getting this element like the other courses in the London area. You will get a job after the course and you'll have the demonstratable skills to prove to employers that you're worth employing. I would say that, if you are looking for the best course for your money that will give you the skills and understanding to get a job as a junior developer, then you've already found it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon i was working in door to door sales, which is not really a career. So I decided i needed a career change. After a bit of research I found Le Wagon and was extremely interested in learning how to code.It was the best and most life changing... Read More decision I have made in my life so far. The people working at Le Wagon are amazing and so much fun to learn and work with. I have not stopped recommending it to people since I left. Just 2 weeks after finishing I was able to land an amazing job and I cannot thank them enough.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always wanted to backpack across Asia. Just over a year ago I left my job to hike the Himalayas and at the same time I started a travel blog to share my experience. Out of fun and curiosity, I tried to get into web design. I signed up to a few online... Read More coding courses to try to teach myself but I quickly realized that paradoxically you need to know how to code before you can learn to code! I ended up getting lost in the mass of information and wasting a lot of time.I was determined to change things so I bit the bullet and paused my travels to enroll in the immersive coding bootcamp Le Wagon in Bali where I heard the climate was warm and the culture magical. I have not regretted it ever since.To summarise the bootcamp experience in a few words is not easy but I can say for certain that it far exceeded my expectations. The amount you learn in such a short time is incredible.The course fed us wave after wave of new concepts everyday but the teachers, the structure and the course platform make the learning process simple and effective. We were taught the back-end language of Ruby and its framework Rails, then covered 3 front-end languages, database management and a wealth of other material. We learnt through a combination of daily quizzes, exercises, live codes and even flashcards after class to reinforce the lectures and we did this endlessly over five weeks. By the sixth week, we were able to create an Airbnb clone. It would have been impossible for me to do this by myself, let alone in such a short time.By the seventh week, the bootcamp builds up to the apex of idea pitching, project selection and definition, using the sprint methodology to build a working prototype from absolute scratch in 10 days. I am pleased to say that our team performed tremendously and the app looked amazing. We presented the project on Demo Day as you would to an investor but in our case in front of a packed room of tech enthusiasts living and working in Bali who asked me some tough queestions! There is no better training ground than this.But because we all know we can never fully master the infinite world of web design let alone in two months, the point of difference with other bootcamps and the power of Le Wagon is exactly this – 1. it gives you the ability to transform your ideas into a working web app that is ready to be shown to the world by the end of the bootcamp, 2. you will feel you are able to code independently, solve your own problems and 3. be ready to enter the tech world and embark on new undertakings. Right now, I feel nothing will stand in my way of coding and learning more coding which is exactly what I came to Bali for.Less than a month since I finished the bootcamp, I am working on the project I built at Le Wagon with the hope to launch it as a startup soon. At the same time, I'm studying React with no major problem. I have also already been contacted for some freelance contracts.To put it in a nutshell, at the age of 29, Le Wagon gave me the ability to start a new career. I could not have asked for anything better. The motto of Le Wagon is ""Change your life: learn to code"", and I guarantee you that it could not have been more appropriate. If you want to learn coding, Le Wagon is the best investment you could make!And did I forget to say if you take the course in Bali, you will love your time spent mixing coding with an early-morning surf or a sundowner beer on the beach, all for a fraction of the price elsewhere. That is why I am calling Bali home for a little while longer.Read Less",le-wagon
"I originally studied Business, and worked in Marketing for a while until I realized it wasn't a good career fit for me. When I figured out that the tasks I enjoyed the most from my previous job involved writing some basic HTML/CSS/JavaScript, I decide... Read More to develop on those skills and joined Batch#125 of Le Wagon's bootcamp in Montreal. Like a few of the previous reviewers have mentioned, I was initially skeptical of the glowing reviews about Le Wagon's program. But after going through the bootcamp, I can definitely say that those reviews are more than 100% justified!What attracted me to Le Wagon's program was how well structured the course content was: starting from with the fundamentals of programming, to object-oriented programming, to databases, to front-end and finally the group projects for the last 3 weeks. The last 3 weeks was especially fun because everything we learned in the previous weeks began to click, which provided the confidence for the groups in our batch to create some great-looking webapps in our final demoday!The buddy system that every Le Wagon student goes through for the daily challenges was a GREAT way to learn programming, and I felt this was one of the strongest parts of the bootcamp's design. In my experience, this ended up being mutually beneficial for myself and whoever my partner was for the day. If I felt that I was struggling with a challenge I could always ask my partner for tips and advice, and if my partner needed assistance I could help them out and explain concepts to see if I really understood them. Furthermore, I found it incredibly useful practice to work with different people when it comes to solving coding problems.In addition, the teachers and TAs were super helpful with their advice and patient with their time. What I appreciated the most was that they TRULY understood that everyone in the batch had different learning curves/speeds. So regardless if you were doing well or struggling with the coding challenges, you never really felt alone or left behind. Le Wagon also has a TON of additional resources and guides which students can access during (and even after) the 9-week bootcamp!Since the Le Wagon ended I've found myself building webapps for fun, and even managed to land several job interviews from interesting companies. I salute Le Wagon for providing me with a wonderful learning experience, as well as enabling my confidence to pursue a career in Web Development. So if you're looking for an immersive, valuable program to learn web development, Le Wagon is going to be your best bet!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was stuck in a job that didn't bring any challenges anymore. After an injury I which prevented me from working for 3 weeks I started looking into coding. I watched tutorials, reviews, free exercises but I didn't have the support I needed or the correct... Read More guidance. LeWagon was recommended by my brother-in-law who is a Java Developer and after researching(ratings and reviews) I decided to take the plunge.From contacting them (Ed) to joining the process has been super friendly and welcoming. The course is intense but the support and the explanations are great and always available. It is a challenge but definitely worth it. I would do it all over again in a heart beat. Its a great experience which will open up a lot of avenues and have access to a big community.Thank you so much LeWagon for everything.The only issue I had was the commute time to get there but that was because I lived far away.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've always been an entrepreneur and my own boss since leaving university 10 years. I used to run a fast food business an grew frustrated with the scalability of it. So I tried some online coding and realised the power of it. Fast forward 9 months, the... Read More week I left Le Wagon I started a web agency with a friend from the course and we got out first customers that week. Le Wagon was genuinely one of the best things I've ever done. I am now my own boss again. Apart from the odd meeting, I can work anywhere I want, whenever I want, as long we deliver for our customers, which we are doing. Le Wagon is not just for entrepreneurs. The speed at which my class mates landed developer jobs is faster than any other industry I know. The level this 9 week course can get you to is unimaginable until you actually do it. All my classmates are happily employed either full time or freelance and loving their new lives. Software is eating the world. Don't get left behind.Read Less",le-wagon
"Mid-2017, after 7+ years working as a consultant in the banking sector, I felt like I needed a fresh new start. Tired of endless meetings and committees, looking for agility and dynamism, I also took the decision to start working on my own projects. For... Read More that, I needed a new set of skills: coding!A friend of mine – now a freelance developer - had undertaken Le Wagon bootcamp in Paris 1 year before that and convinced me to do the same. So I joined the London batch mid-January 2018 for two months… and it was insanely great! Best experience ever, from my point of view. It was like going back to school but this time I loved it!But you have to be committed, I mean really committed! Learning something new 9h hours a day is not easy, especially when you left school 10 years ago like me (I am 33). But it is so cool solving puzzles all day long with people that eventually become your friends!In Le Wagon, I met incredibly rich and different profiles: an Olympic swimmer, a former consultant, a ski instructor, an investment banker, a chocolate producer, a teacher, an electrician… And that’s what makes the beauty of it! Here, everyone is different but we are all doing the same thing. And that variety comes really handy when the time arrives you have to be creative, especially the last two weeks when you have to build your own app from scratch.Every day starts with a 1h30 lesson on a specific topic. Then you are paired with a buddy and you have to go through as many exercises as you can together, leave no man behind! It is actually a great system since explaining or being explained something is always useful for both parts. And if you get stuck, you can raise a ticket and one of the teachers will come to help you within minutes.The two last weeks are dedicated to building your own project with a team or joining a team with a project. By group of 3 to 4 people, you build your app from scratch until the final demo day during which you present what you built in front of 100 people at Google Campus. Both scary and awesome!If you want to have a look at what my team and I achieved during those two last weeks, go to www.journease.online, a one stop shop for your journeys.As a conclusion, I absolutely loved those 2 months in Le Wagon. I wanted to learn the basis of coding and I did, more than that actually. I wanted to meet people (I am new in London) and I actually made some very good friends. I wanted to build something, my team and I built an app I am really proud of. I wanted to have fun and I most certainly did :slightly_smiling_face:Le Wagon is not the cheapest coding bootcamp (nor the most expensive either actually) but it is definitely worth it from my point of view. Their promise is “change your life, learn to code” it is more than fuffilled.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been working as a Digital Project Manager/Interactive Producer for the past 12 plus years at quite a few interactive Digital Agencies in Southern California. Until 3 years ago, I quit a solid full time job of 6 years because I was simply burnt... Read More out. Late nights, weekend work, and no real social life… I had to do something. When I quit my job, I really did not have a plan, but knew I wanted to have my own business, travel more, and to be in control of my time. After traveling a bit, I decided to start a small interactive agency. Things picked up quick and a big issue I was facing was finding reliable talent. I decided to learn more about the current state of the web development world to enhance my understanding and become a better Digital Project Manager. I needed to get up to date with front end development(started in digital as a web developer years ago) and have always been intimidated by the backend.I came across Le Wagon after going through a few dev bootcamp review sites. After checking out some of the Youtube videos and all the locations around the world, I knew I had to go. But which one?Next thing you know I am in Barcelona. First time in Spain and learning full stack development at Le Wagon. The curriculum covers everything you need to know to get started with front and backend development. Each day you are challenged and building up to create your very own web application. Of course you are not building it alone, you and your comrades you have been training with through the course are coming together daily to make it happen. And we made it happen! Teachers are awesome, course content is well thought out and presented well, and the support is exceptional. It was a good choice and think that taking the course was long overdue. I wish I would have signed up sooner. The digital world is moving fast, and if you want to stay current you have to be sure you are around the right people and resources. Le Wagon has been that place for me and has provided the knowledge upgrade I needed to take my skill set to the next level. The skills I have attained through Le Wagon have assisted in enhancing processes in my business as well as locating and hiring more reliable talent. I also have a newfound love for backend coding. Thank you Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Why Le Wagon?  I've always been interested by computer sciences. I decided, a few months ago to apply at Le Wagon Bordeaux... And it was one of the best human and educational mission I have experienced so far. This training has been structured in such... Read More a way, it gives a maximum of technical knowledge in a minimal amount of time. It has lots of advises, in order to give us a great autonomy in order to be efficient after the ned of the Bootcamp. The community worldwide approach is just perfect. That's mainly why I recommend Le Wagon. In order to help you to understand what we are able to achieve after the nine weeks, I will explain more about the final project, which has been elaborated by Joseph Binyoum Bayemi and myself during the last two weeks in the Wagon.Our project named Bookmate is a web application. It connects (using a messenger) readers through literary taste and allows them to communicate. https://www.bookmate.club (if you are curious). Say it sounds simple but believe me, seven weeks ago we would have been unable to do it.If my experience could help some to make choices, I can only recommend that you go on (https://www.lewagon.com) to register, for the undecided I invite you to go read other feedback. See you soonRead Less",le-wagon
"This is the training you have to do if you want to change your day to day and start a tech. way of working !Working for 10 years as an Industrial Engineer, I moved to Bordeaux and wanted to make a real turn in my career. Wagon allows me to do so, thanks... Read More to the quality of the trainings, the team of course and the tech culture. In 9 weeks, you will learn how to build a website from the really beginning to the online version, knowing all the steps to do it in the best way, learning Ruby, Javascript, Html, Css, Ruby on Rails.I have just finished my training and have so many projets in my head now possible.Read Less",le-wagon
"I loved the variety of what were taught at LeWagon. Having not known much coding languages, learning Ruby, JavaScript, and Rails helped me pick up other languages - like Python - very easily. I'm very grateful for the opportunity to learn the basics of... Read More computer programming with a group passionate to teach it. Keeping pace with the breadth of new information every day was at times difficult, but overall definitely worth it. I now can confidently pursue a career in programming knowing that the learning process will be much easier if I choose to build complex programs or apps - it has really opened up the doors to an exciting new industry. Being in Tokyo also allowed me to network greatly and take part in their events like Slush, where I met a wealth of entrepreneurs and saw what they could build from the ground up as programmers. Being around the right people could definitely score you the right business deals for your startup as well. Shortly after completing the program, I participated in the Junction Hackathon with a team of 5, and we were able win 1st place. Being around other programmers really allowed me to measure up my skill, and often times, I could accurately tell that the course did graduate me as a 'junior developer'. I could understand most of the topics from advanced developers, and could accurately chart my course to reaching that level of skill. Regardless, for those looking to shift careers or go from student to junior developer, LeWagon does help do that.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a third year Business Cinematic Arts student with no idea of where I wanted to proceed. Though I have had ideas in the past, I lacked the hard skills to bring them to life. Frustrated, I took this semester off, eager to explore the topics I been... Read More intrigued by. As I researched different bootcamps, I was drawn to Le Wagon’s approach of bringing coding skills to creative people. Little did I know, my decision to join Le Wagon would also jumpstart my understanding and career in UX Design, Web Development and Product Management.The first three weeks were tough but the Teaching Assistants were always around to answer questions and explain a concept again. While I was managing to complete the challenges, I did not take full advantage of what Le Wagon had to offer. I would leave before Live Code and spent little time with my batch. It wasn’t until the forth week that I was partnered with a buddy who insisted I stayed for Live Code and drinks. I stayed and my experience at Le Wagon changed for the absolute better. I got to know the Teaching Assistants on a more personable level, making it easier to ask questions during lecture and inquiring how to move forward from the bootcamp. I became more engaged as my buddy of the day would be a fellow coder and a friend. We would spend the day debating the best method to solve the coding challenge and joking around in between. I became eager to stay after I completed the challenges and even Live Code-d in front of my whole batch. If you allow it, this experience will not be a lonely nor purely academic one. Le Wagon is a warm space for learning wholeheartedly, asking a ton of questions, making friends, creating business partnerships, and coming up with ideas.The final three weeks at Le Wagon were my favorite - Project Weeks. This is when I was introduced to UX Design and Product Management. We started with Figma, an interface design tool, to map out what we wanted the web-app to look like. We spent the day brainstorming the user journey and dreaming about the website’s features. At the end of the day, we showcased our initial designs. The projects you will build with your team mates are a testament to how well Le Wagon prepares you. My team ended most days surprised and impressed with the work we have done. The workspace turns into a mini hub of start-ups. Each group vigorously coding away, enthusiastically brainstorming and collaboratively working. I was exhilarated from the energy I felt each day.The results? By the 6th week at Le Wagon, I secured a job as a UX Designer and Front End Web Developer at a Tech Start Up I am truly passionate about. Le Wagon gave me the coding skills I needed to be in the creative spaces I never dared to dream about. I am now able to have a career that is an amalgamation of my creative and analytical side.Read Less",le-wagon
"Going to the demo day definitively convinced me to make Le Wagon. Talking with other guys just like me (same doubts regarding my motivation &amp; capacities, same difficulties at the beginning, same expectations to be able to launch our own website), and... Read More seeing their projects, made in 2 weeks, really impressed me! I wanted to be part of it.The rythmn is intensed: the first weeks, I felt at the bottom of the Everest. Quite understandable when you come from a marketing background. But, fortunately :1) the course is extremely well thought out, with reminders all over the session and progressive difficulty.2) the teachers are amazing! Very patient, they spend time to explain, repeat, help you so as you get the logic. Their goal is to develop our curiosity and logic so as to be able to work and find the solution by ourselves.3) the teachers create a team building atmosphere so as to get close to the other students. Help one another, work together, let us improve our own level.Finally I code by far than I could imagine. I am really excited by what I learned and I definitively recommend Le Wagon!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a student of Le Wagon in Copenhagen during fall 2017 (oct - dec) and I had a fantastic experience. I came from a completely different background (business) and was relatively new to coding and the world of tech. I came in with the purpose of learning... Read More how to code and change my career into software developing. Le Wagon is perfect, the curricula is well planned and thought through, the tempo is high (be prepared to work hard) and the network of students and alumni is large and very helpful. But most important, you have so much fun doing it. I can gladly say that it helped me change my career as I started as a junior ruby software developer only two months after graduating!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have just graduated from Le Wagon, an intensive 9 weeks coding bootcamp. It was my first time programming and I absolutely loved it. These are my key take-aways from it.Three Broken clichés:Coding is lonely:Before joining Le Wagon, I had the image of... Read More coders as lonely, weird people who spent their days in front of screens, by themselves in a dark garage, eating cereal. In fact, what I discovered at Le Wagon is that coding actually requires a lot of collaboration. I think all the students from my batch will remember the day we started a group project on GitHub. In 90% of the cases, you will code with others, and being able to communicate efficiently is one of the key skills of a good programmer.Coding is boring:Once again, let’s return to the coder-caveman cliché. From an external point of view, he seems to constantly do the same thing, with the same bored expression. That’s a lie. When I was coding, I experienced rollercoaster moods that led to this kind of train of thought: 1. Getting stuck on something: “I hate coding, Ruby is wrong, my code is obviously perfect, anyway I despise it so it doesn’t matter” 2. Finding the solution: “Coding is amazing, it’s the best thing I’ve ever done, I’m the best, Ruby is the best, everyone is the best.” Until I got stuck again. Coding is challenging, tiring, frustrating but definitely not boring.Coding is for boys:The coder-caveman cliché from the movies is useful once again. Sadly, there are not a lot of coder-cavewomen on screens, which is a shame. There is a need for more developers in every industry, and a simple way to fix this is to encourage the other half of humankind to learn coding. We were ten women in our batch and we did just as well as the other 30 men. When it comes to coding, everyone is equal which is why more women should learn to code — and more tech companies should hire them.A travel Chatbot:During the last two weeks, we worked in teams to bring an idea to life. Celia, Hen, Ben and I created Voyagr, a Chatbot and associated web app which asks a series of questions to provide a user with personalized travel inspiration. Building a product in two weeks was very challenging but very interesting. The hardest part was prioritizing and making sure that we were focusing on the right tasks every day. In the end, we obtained good results and we have had almost 100 unique users since we launched it two weeks ago (check it out: voyagr.co.uk).Three amazing teammates and many more friends:There is nothing better than struggling on the same challenges during nine weeks to form friendships. I have met amazing people during these two months, from the students to the teachers. Le Wagon manages to bring together a very large variety of people in the same place, from those who have 20 years of work experience to freshly graduated high school students. This combination is a large part of what makes the bootcamp such an enriching experience. I personally became friends with an Olympic swimmer from Hong Kong, an experienced consultant, a Canadian former school teacher, a VC fund owner… and many more.Coding and Product management skills:You learn a lot in nine weeks and there is no time to rest. I felt more braindead during the bootcamp than I had ever felt during the course of my Bachelor or Master degrees. It’s difficult but completely worth it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Doing Le wagon Bootcamp and learning how to code during 9weeks was incredible ! I didn't know anything about coding but the Bootcamp program is so well thought and built that you can't fail. It has been very very intense but so efficient! I have met great... Read More people, joined a great and active network and gained new skills : It opened new perspectives . In addition the Lille team is sooooo great: present, attentive, very competent. They are quality teachers!I sincerely advise anyone who is interested by websites to do it. Read Less",le-wagon
"I have worked in Business Intelligence for 6 years and became interested in product management as a career change, however I felt that I lacked in-depth tech knowledge in order to be able to hit the ground running in that role. I then searched for bootcamps... Read More in London and Le Wagon really stood out in terms of their positive reviews online and offline.The course is structured really well and it is certainly challenging, no day is the same and you surprise yourself at the end how far you’ve come after not being able to properly write a line of code at the start of the course. The day begins with a lecture and followed by coding challenges that you need to complete with your buddy as you get paired up with a different student from the course every day. This is not only a great way of meeting everyone in the class but also means that sometimes you learn from your buddy and sometimes you get to teach and therefore give yourself the opportunity to improve and solidify the knowledge. Most importantly, throughout the day there are always teaching assistants to hand that are able to answer your every question and make sure that you have grasped all the concepts properly. After the course ends, Le Wagon provides a support network of talented alumni that share jobs, advice and tips which is invaluable. Le Wagon is not just a bootcamp, it’s a community that inspires, teaches and supports. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this experience to anyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have worked in Business Intelligence for 6 years and became interested in product management as a career change, however I felt that I lacked in-depth tech knowledge in order to be able to hit the ground running in that role. I then searched for bootcamps... Read More in London and Le Wagon really stood out in terms of their positive reviews online and offline.The course is structured really well and it is certainly challenging, no day is the same and you surprise yourself at the end how far you’ve come after not being able to properly write a line of code at the start of the course. The day begins with a lecture and followed by coding challenges that you need to complete with your buddy as you get paired up with a different student from the course every day. This is not only a great way of meeting everyone in the class but also means that sometimes you learn from your buddy and sometimes you get to teach and therefore give yourself the opportunity to improve and solidify the knowledge. Most importantly, throughout the day there are always teaching assistants to hand that are able to answer your every question and make sure that you have grasped all the concepts properly. After the course ends, Le Wagon provides a support network of talented alumni that share jobs, advice and tips which is invaluable. Le Wagon is not just a bootcamp, it’s a community that inspires, teaches and supports. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this experience to anyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating in management, I started my own business. After 3 years, I faced few challenges that gave me a hard time. I had to stop my activity. The conclusion: I lost a lot of money and time.In hindsight, this experience has made me stronger. As... Read More J-K Rowling said, ""Rock bottom became the solid foundation on which I rebuilt my life.""I decided to have my first digital experience by launching a social platform dedicated to sports. It is by working on this project, hand in hand with a web agency, that coding has aroused my interest.Coding has become a passion, and this is certainly the direction I wanted to take for my career. I dropped my platform to be entirely dedicated to coding. New career, new life, time for me to take off!After a few months of learning by myself, I was looking for a way to learn faster. While searching the Internet, I discovered Le Wagon Coding Bootcamp, ""Change your life, learn to code in 9 weeks"", perfect that was exactly what I was looking for!I've applied, got an interview with Antoine, the co-founder, got accepted into the program for January session. The adventure could start!I flew to Montreal in January (it was cold, but the snow is cool!). We met together on Sunday before the first day for a kick-off drink. I met my new classmates, few teachers, and MG.This drink was really a good idea and made me very comfortable.The bootcamp was very intense, we learned a new concept every day until the final project, which was an amazing experience! Each team worked hard to be ready for the demo day (https://www.lewagon.com/demoday/125).It was not just hard work, we had a lot of fun too! We participated in events organized by Le Wagon but also by ourselves.Thanks to Le Wagon, I am today a Full-Stack developer, and I have already few project opportunities I'm working on.Oh, and now I know a lot of great people!Read Less",le-wagon
"I studied event management at university but soon realised it wasn’t for me. After a few gap years of travelling, a friend invited me to a coding 101 workshop and I came out of it curious to learn more. Initially I tried to do some self teaching online... Read More but I found it a bit slow and difficult not having immediate help. That’s when I started looking at coding bootcamps - I was excited by the idea that you would be job ready by the end of the 9 weeks. After thorough research and reading so many reviews, I couldn’t believe I found a bootcamp that was so loved that it had 400+ reviews and 5 stars!It all happened so quickly - within two weeks I enrolled, did the prep work, started Le Wagon, and suddenly pursuing a new career change. Before starting, I was terrified about having no prior coding knowledge and being behind but soon found that everyone was in the same boat and all you needed was an eagerness to learn. The teachers and teaching assistants have such a welcoming approach, they really make sure you understand every concept and reasoning. Each and every day of the 9 weeks was insane, intense, but the best kind - I don’t think I’ve ever been more excited to get up at 7am. The structure of the program is perfectly designed, everything you learn in first 7 weeks is put in practice for your final project in the last two weeks. It’s so rewarding seeing this end product that you and your team have created in just 10 days.Coming straight out of Le Wagon, I was offered a front-end freelance job at a startup. A week later, I received two full-time Ruby developer job offers and have accepted one at a digital development agency. Hands down, applying at Le Wagon has been the best decision I’ve ever made. For the first time in my life, I’m excited about my career.Read Less",le-wagon
"I would like to write this review to tell you a bit about how Le Wagon has transformed my life. I am a 33-year-old entrepreneur woman, who has the privilege of working from anywhere in the world as a business intelligence consultant for e-commerces. But... Read More I first graduated in History in 2007 and when I was in college, we were at the height of Fotolog and I remember doing one, for the arts discipline because many students didn’t have enough money to buy the books and so they used a black and white xerox paper to follow the content. Despite being a technology enthusiast, I confess I never imagined myself working in the area. After graduating I went to work in an institute maintained by a holding company and soon I was inserted in the universe of the marketing. Since then, there have been two more university courses, a specialization in digital marketing and a project management course, both i thought would allow me to act safely as a marketing manager - but I was wrong! Three years ago I founded a company in a small city in the interior of the state of São Paulo, Brazil to provide digital advice for new businesses, meeting a great demand of Brazilian businessmen in search of growth and expansion in their sales. During these three years, several technological changes have come directly to the success and competitiveness of my clients and more and more data science has become present. The work became difficult at the same time that new startups emerged with fluid and interactive business models and it was necessary to seek innovation and more knowledge and that is how I found the proposal of Le Wagon bootcamp.For someone who had never written a line of code at all, the first few weeks were intense and very difficult. I immersed myself in a totally unknown universe, and when I got to the middle of the program when we entered the Frontend grid, all things connected and a universe of possibilities opened up. The classes are fantastic, the exercises are done in rotating doubles, which lets you get to know all the people and what incredible people I've met! You feel at home, you have the full support of your teachers and classmates and you are not afraid to make a mistake. I connected with people who worked at Deloitte, Microsoft, Fintechs and a number of cool companies, met with liberal professionals and entrepreneurs and one of the students got a financing before the course ended to develop his demoday project. In addition, Le Wagon always performs meetups after the classes that new interesting people shows up (and have beer at the end!). It’s a laid-back environment where you can do a great networking. Another cool thing was access to an exclusive community in slack with people and companies from all over the world, where there are always interesting position offers and invitations for projects. When I finished the course I decided to send my resume and I was invited to 17 different interviews in a single month and one of them I met a former student from Le Wagon. But what surprised me the most was the quality of the curricular grade. I could not even believe how much I learned in such a short time. It was not ""just another course"", I really left feeling very capable of creating an innovative digital expansion project for my clients. After three months from the end of the bootcamp, I'm being able to implement significant changes and reaping the fruits of a 30% growth in my projects. I was able to perform integrations with APIs and ERPs and design a dashboard with data processing, that grows and modernizes every day, to function as an intelligence support for marketing staff, which also led to an economy with external and closed tools. My demand for projects has increased considerably, as has consulting.I'm building together with a community of women programmers an academy of algorithm studies that unites three Brazilian states. I'm sure this is just the beginning of a new level in my career and the choice to make Le Wagon bootcamp was key to that. I recommend Le Wagon bootcamp for every manager and entrepreneur, even if not in the technology area. If you love technology, and you know what it can do for you and your company, go ahead! I'm sure you will love the experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting at Le Wagon I had just graduated from the University of Southampton in Maths. After a year of half heartedly applying to grad schemes I didn’t want and trying to figure what I did want, I came across codecademy a free online course designed... Read More to teach you the basics of programming. I loved it and needed more! After some research a career in web development was the plan! I did not however want to spend the next 3 years at uni again… and thats when my research led me to Le Wagon.Over the 9 weeks of the coding bootcamp we were trained to think like programmers through various exercises, had lectures and live code sessions every day (material which is available to alumni forever). The curriculum is well planned and consistently updated with a logical flow. The teachers were friendly and with ‘no question is a silly question’ attitude which to me was extremely comforting.If you’re reading this, then you are wondering how this course has so many positive reviews: after completion, this just seems natural. My enjoyment was also mirrored by my peers who were all in the same boat, different back stories but all with the eagerness to learn. We are now part of a community of alumni where everyone helps each other.With but 9 weeks of coding experience, my team and I successfully designed and developed a Facebook chatbot with a web application (www.voyagr.co.uk). The project we built was not something I could have imagined and something I am extremely proud of! Anyone who is prepared to embark on a 10 hour day, meeting like minded people and learning a LOT I thoroughly recommend Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"My gut feeling during university was that there was some spark within me missing. I studied economics and management but it never truly captivated me or made me motivated to go on to learn more. I knew my real passion was somewhere out there but yet to... Read More be found. After graduating, I got bored of the UK and flew out to Amsterdam to work within consumer electronics. During this spell, I had a lot of contact with new start ups trying to promote their new tech products and could see the hard work but enjoyment in their eyes building it all. All this talk about software engineering, product design, programming got me very curious.Then I found Le Wagon, a 9 week bootcamp which would take a total rookie and transform him into a confident developer with the tech tools to make ideas become a reality. I learned an incredible range of skills and really demonstrated this through our UniTixHub web-app (a hassle free solution of uni students exchanging tickets) which was a pleasure to demo at Google Campus. This has inspired me to continue learning, starting with React &amp; Redux. But just as importantly, the friends and network I made along the way was the icing on the cake to confidently say it was one of the best experiences of my life.If you are looking for a change in career or simply just curious, please don’t hesistate to join Le Wagon, I can promise you will not regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"In a nutshell – Le Wagon, London is a fantastic coding bootcamp - I highly recommend it.Prior to joining the January 2018 batch, I had been working in sustainability consulting for several years. But I needed a change and having an interest in tech startups... Read More and an ambition to launch a business, I went part time to pursue an idea. Soon I had launched a Wordpress site to gauge market interest and start solving the problem. The feedback was OK but ultimately it brushed over the pain and didn’t adequately offer a solution. It needed more, I needed to iterate the site but where next? I didn’t know a great deal about any of the tech stacks and even if I had the money to spend how was I meant to brief developers? How would I know I was getting value for money? It soon became clear that my lack of knowledge here was a barrier. So, I researched resources and started some lessons on freecodecamp. Don’t get me wrong, their resources are good but it was slow-going for me and I didn’t feel I had enough direction. I felt I needed to properly dive-in to jump start progress!So I checked out a few bootcamps. After attending a couple of events from Le Wagon, including attending the previous batch’s demo day and having a conversation with Ed (the guy who runs things in London), I felt this was the right bootcamp for me.I wasn’t wrong – it was a challenging 9 weeks but it was definitely worth it. Structured lessons every morning and lots of practice for the rest of the day – tiring stuff. But the teachers and teaching assistants really do help and are there for you if you are seriously stuck (it will happen)! The structure of the course was great and even though things in the tech industry change quickly the teaching team clearly adapts lessons to accommodate for them. In the last three weeks you put it all in to practice with your own projects - for the creative and entrepreneurial this is fantastic!In those final 2 weeks, with the help of two great classmates, my site was rebuilt (www.oscapes.tech). Rebuilt is the wrong word … it’s more than that, it’s dynamic and is built on a Ruby on Rails tech stack that I understand, know how it works and can change myself! I met great people (teachers and classmates included), learnt a lot and had a great time! I couldn’t ask more from the course and look forward to the journey ahead!Read Less",le-wagon
"This time last year I was a ski instructor.In some ways it was exactly the dream I had imagined, I loved the town I lived in, I loved the people I met and I loved the vast mountain scenery. What I didn’t love so much were the uncertain hours, the ridiculously... Read More low pay and the repetitive work. After a couple of years in Canada I resolved to start a real career and turned to something I had always had an interest in, tech.I started my journey alone, doing online coding courses via resources like CodeCademy and Udemy, but I soon found that I wasn’t really absorbing the knowledge. I felt like I was following instructions and copying code rather than understanding the reasons behind what I was doing. As a result, I took the decision to fast-track my learning by applying to a coding bootcamp. Finding Le Wagon wasn’t hard, googling “best coding bootcamp in London” brought up a number of ranking and comparison sites and they all ranked Le Wagon #1, having just finished the nine week course myself, it’s easy to see why.The first week is a bit of a culture shock, you come to realise the magnitude of what you don’t know and start to think that there is no way you can gain any meaningful understanding in the nine weeks you have here. Then, slowly, things begin to fall into place, you start to understand how Ruby works and the potential power it has. This understanding builds day on day, week on week until all of a sudden you find yourself with an extensive knowledge, and more importantly, understanding, of Ruby’s inner workings. After this you start to learn about front-end development, with HTML, CSS and Javascript before jumping into the rails framework and seeing everything you have learned come together into a cohesive end result.The final two weeks were the most enjoyable of the nine, pitching ideas and splitting into teams to build your own apps was an awesome experience. I was part of a team of four which built a facebook chatbot and associated rails app called Voyagr which provides tailored travel inspiration. In week one I would never have believed it possible that I could create something so complex, but by week seven I was itching to put my hard earned knowledge to the test and my confidence was sky high.Throughout the nine weeks you are surrounded by teachers and teaching assistants ready to further explain the finer points of the days topic as well as provide a helping hand debugging your code. These are the people who make Le Wagon truly special, their ability to confer understanding is second to none and is the reason why I have learned in nine weeks what would have taken my years to learn by myself.Having finished batch #123 I have started learning Node and ReactJS at a pace which far outsrips my first forays into the coding world. This is something which Le Wagon teaches almost as a byproduct; the knowledge and mindset which allows you to go on from the course and further your understanding in whatever direction you choose. The resources Le Wagon supplies after the course has finished coupled with an very active 2000+ alumni network means that even though I have finished the nine week bootcamp I don’t feel like I’ve finished with Le Wagon, quite the opposite in fact, I feel like I’m just starting.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Tokyo in one word: great. I learned a tremendous amount and it was made fully evident on demo day with so much positive feedback. People were genuinely impressed with what we could do. It’s the type of program where you really get what you put... Read More in: if you are serious about becoming a developer, you can definitely become one. I am now working as a Rails developer and continuing my projects from Le Wagon, so evidently I am very pleased with everything that came from the experience. Our drivers Sylvain and Paul were also consistently great. They provided lots of great resources, events and networking opportunities which really made a big difference. They are clearly well immersed in the tech community in Tokyo.I feel a strong sense of community, and I look forward to contribute to it in every way I can.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came to China to do my Master’s degree in 2012, then worked on consulting foreign SMEs in doing business in second tier China. My world changed when I got a job in an IT company that was building cloud-based accounting applications for the Chinese market.... Read More As a project manager, it was all great and fun to build software, but it felt that I was missing a lot on the tech side; we spoke different languages with the developers and it made product iteration too long. Le Wagon was the perfect &amp; fast solution!I've known the Chengdu driver Allen since 2013 and I was fully trusting him that the program is valuable! I just thought at the beginning that it's a miracle what the students can accomplish in 9 weeks and just watched the first Chengdu batch from the start. Eventually, I went to their Demo Day in the beginning of September, learned about the students' projects, and spoke to some of the alumni. By the end of the same month I quit my job and registered for next the bootcamp and became a part of batch #114. From the first week I realized that the program is intense! Especially for a beginner like me with zero tech background. I panicked, but not for too long. I was learning a vocabulary of a completely different universe. I used to compare learning code with learning grammar of a new language - imagine, you studied a new grammar in the morning, by afternoon, you are learning how to use it fluently. I believe, that’s one of the secrets of Le Wagon: learn things by doing them. The other secrets are Teachers, TAs, the staff and amazing classmates. Teachers are incredibly patient, TAs are supportive, Allen is calming and classmates and buddies are happy to stop their own typing to draw out an explanation for me on a piece of paper. The curriculum is challenging and front-end &amp; back-end knowledge powers up when we learn how to make WeChat mini-programs - a huge hype of Chinese internet that can possibly be compared to Apple's Apps. It had just launched when our batch started the course and Le Wagon was already providing us with fresh, and at some point revolutionary for China, skills to build WeChat mini-programs. Ultimately our batch chose to present a mini-programs for Demo Day without hesitation. We knew we had very strong support from teachers and mentors.I highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who is looking for a career change and in need of experienced tech professional mentors who are willing to share their skills. It's definitely not an easy course and takes full concentration during whole 9 weeks, but if you are ready to pursue new job opportunities and push hard till the end, you will be rewarded a lot after learning to code with Le Wagon Chengdu!Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated university in 2014 and headed home to work in the telecommunications industry. I have always been passionate about startups and developing business ideas, which is why I chose to get my BBA in Entrepreneurial Management.However, home was not... Read More the best place to put my newly acquired knowledge to use as an employee or as a founder. The startup scene is practically inexistent and skilled labor in tech is hard to get by. So, my only chance was to learn how to do build these ideas myself. I started to learn on my own, but it got kind of overwhelming. Even though I did acquire some knowledge, I decided to take a break and came to Barcelona in order to get my master in Project Management. Slowly, it felt as if I was getting closer to my goal.It wasn’t, however, until I decided to join Le Wagon that I felt a huge progress in my carefully planned path. The first day of class was my birthday, so it was double the fun. Even though it was only two months, I have never felt such great power like I do today thanks to this boot camp. Now, I feel like there is no limit to what I can do. At Le Wagon I figured that there was so much to learn that now I have embraced the fact that my whole life is going to involve continuously learning new things. And that is one of the most important things you get from learning to code at Le Wagon, you learn to appreciate learning so much that it becomes a stimulating hobby for you. You get a lot of theory but everyday you learn to master it by putting it to practice. At the end of the bootcamp you end up having developed several applications. Today, after two weeks of having finished the bootcamp, I keep coding my own new projects and learning new things everyday. This wouldn’t be the same if I hadn’t gone through LW. I have found a passion, but not everybody comes to become a programmer, some people had their own goals and ideas of what to do with this knowledge, and they all left with their expectations greatly surpassed.The people are amazing. Your peers are like minded, but still a very diverse group of people that unite under one same goal. This journey makes you bond together very tightly. The staff, who I am also lucky to call my friends today, are incredible people and teachers, they know very well what they’re doing. Lastly, the program is incredibly well structured and the resources are top quality.I can only say amazing things about this place, if I could I would do it all over again.Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing at Cambridge University and getting job offers I was not particularly keen on, I decided to take a year to just do all the things I had put off and at the top was learning how to code because I wanted the ability to build my ideas for... Read More cool products and services. Before I jumped on Le Wagon 9-week intensive coding bootcamp, I researched all the coding resources. I came across free sites such Codecademy and sites like Udemy that have top quality content at an affordable price.I also checked out loads of youtube tutorials and got to grips with the jargon but came to the conclusion that for me, I needed to throw myself in the deep end and JUST DO IT if I ever wanted to jumpstart my goal because I learn best when there is pressure and lots of things to get done. Otherwise, I would waste precious time and energy trudging along. This is why I ultimately decided to go the coding bootcamp-route and London is amazing for this as there are so many options for various goals.I came across General Assembly and attended their events, I liked their weekend courses (you can do front end and back end separate at a slow pace) and the intensive option ('come at me bro'- pace) which I leaned towards. Then I got in touch with Makers Academy and they did the intense approach while hooking you up to a paid gig at the end of it which I thought was pretty cool. However, it was when I came across Le Wagon and saw these fun-loving people with pure passion going after their unique goals that I knew this is where I was going to learn the best because I loved the vibe and the genuine camaraderie of the people. Most places are very transactional, which is fair enough because it's a business but that's not Le Wagon. It genuinely is a community and people gravitate towards like-minded peers/instructors to further their goals. Yeah, you pay for the course but you quickly realize that it's so much more than just a course, it is a way of approaching the tech sector from problem solving to networking to exploring cool ideas to figuring out where you want to be and how best to get there as so many experienced devs, product managers, founders/cofounders are regularly invited to talk about their experiences and field questions at Le Wagon's working space. Seriously, how cool is Le Wagon that you can code all day getting, getting stuck, fixing the bug(s) and in the evening you are sat in front of legends asking all your serious/silly questions to someone that has done what you want to do or think you want to do? I absolutely loved it and learned so much that would have taken me months if not a few years to cover through simply asking the right questions to the right people. It's priceless (it's 6.5 but you know what I mean).I am currently done with bootcamp and got to work on one of my ideas to solve a problem that has been nagging at me for years. I will have a market of one so things are already looking up!If you want to just learn how to code, build a business, meet cool people who chase their goals proactively and have deep meaningful conversations over lunch/drinks…. I recommend Le Wagon London without hesitation.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Bali is the best place to learn programming! I attended the bootcamp without any prior coding experience and after only 2 months of the bootcamp, my team and I successfully built a working prototype of RunDB (https://www.run-db.com). I never... Read More thought this would be possible before coming to Bali!A little bit about myself…After 4 years of working in sales and business development, I wanted to be an entrepreneur and launched my own startup Atletude. Without any coding knowledge, I could only count on my developer friends to help me code my web app. But after a while I felt I was limited from contributing to my project and could not properly communicate my ideas with my developers. So, I decided to quit my job and learn to code.What can you expect from the bootcamp?You will find that the first few weeks of the bootcamp are built to be very challenging as it is a series of days of fast paced and intensive learning of new concepts. However, don't be worried because there is more than enough resources to see that you pull through. The teaching community will provide one-to-one time if you need and the unique pedagogy encourages you to learn with the fellow students and you are never left alone. Then slowly, you will start to see how all the concepts you learn come together and as if by magic you will start coding! By the final 2 weeks of the camp, you will be able to design and develop a working web app and work as a team like developers do. This rapid progress completely exceeded my expectation of what the bootcamp can deliver in such a short time! In the end, I learnt five new languages and understood how developers think, design, work together and create web apps which was exactly what I came to to Bali to learn.And why did I choose Le Wagon Bali of all places?I was trying to decide which city of Le Wagon would help my learning experience the most. In the end, I chose Bali and brought along my wife and my 2 month old baby. And so far, it was the best decision of my life! Imagine surfing in the morning, coding in the day and enjoying beautiful sunsets on the beach or in one of the many cool restaurants in Canggu with your new friends at the bootcamp - this is just regular life at Le Wagon Bali and not an exaggeration of what you can expect. On top of the relaxing environment to help me learn to code, the extremely well organized camp and the extra activities also enriched my experience. We were even brought on a boat trip to nearby islands and given interesting talks and workshops about the tech world. And did I mention the amazing morning coffee?!? The whole experience was so amazing that, and I know it doesn’t really make sense, I would love to do the same bootcamp all over againRead Less",le-wagon
"I don't think that sharing my story is quite relevant. However, I will make a little summary of what I liked during the bootcamp and what I didn't so that if you didn't apply for Le Wagon yet you can have a precise idea of how things works there.So, Le... Read More Wagon is composed of two main parts: the Kitt platform and the Teachers. Kitt gather the courses, the exercises and some resources. Your access to Kitt start the first day of the bootcamp and never ends, which means that when Kitt is updated with for example new courses, you will be able to get them even if your bootcamp session is finished, which is GREAT. Then there are the Teachers. They are going to help you learn coding all the while having fun. Every morning, you're going to have a 2-hour course on something new with one of them. During the afternoon, you're going to work on a bunch of exercises that correspond to the lesson you got earlier. If you have some difficulties you can get help by asking to your buddy of the day or by sending a message to the teacher through Kitt. At the end of the day, the Teacher is going to do the correction of the exercises. Also, if during the day there is something that you still didn't understood you can re-watch the course on Kitt.Personally, I loved this organization. The only thing I was disappointed about was that if you killed all the exercises of the day, there is nothing to do until the correction.Nevertheless, the exercises are interesting and the courses are very clear. I learned much more than I expected. It was a great experience.Le Wagon program fullstack: 100% approved.Read Less",le-wagon
"Nine weeks seems like such a short time. But nine weeks is all you need when you are at Le Wagon. You will learn how to build a website, make it look pretty and be proud of what you’ve achieved.Personally it’s more than I can say from my degree and I... Read More spent much more time and money on it. If you are considering a change in career or the start of a new one I think this is the way to go.I didn’t try other bootcamps but I find it difficult to believe I could have found one better. I was working in a career unsuited for my personality and this fit like a glove and gave my a taste for a totally new field.Don’t miss out!Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to starting my MBA at INSEAD i wanted to learn computer programming in order to start a business. I tried for 6-8 weeks to learn ruby and JavaScript with a book and various online programmes without much success. Fed up with my lack of progress,... Read More I applied to LeWagon and started two weeks later in Rio de Janeiro. The course exceeded my expectations by far. This is for the following reasons: 1.) incredibly well though out curriculum that is constantly updated and that has a very good logical progression, 2.) daily classes consisting of 90 min lectures, hours and hours of exercises with the help of the teacher and mentors and 90 minutes of live coding at the end of the day, 3.) incredibly attentive teachers with an unlimited level of patience, 4.) a final project that allows you to apply your coding skills in real life. My team built a web app for a social enterprise called troveko, which we pitched at the demo day. The course thus combines both coding and business skills. I would wholeheartedly recommend the course.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Tokyo in one word: great. I learned a tremendous amount and it was made fully evident on demo day with so much positive feedback. People were genuinely impressed with what we could do. It’s the type of program where you really get what you put... Read More in: if you are serious about becoming a developer, you can definitely become one. I am now working as a Rails developer and continuing my projects from Le Wagon, so evidently I am very pleased with everything that came from the experience. Our drivers Sylvain and Paul were also consistently great. They provided lots of great resources, events and networking opportunities which really made a big difference. They are clearly well immersed in the tech community in Tokyo.I feel a strong sense of community, and I look forward to contribute to it in every way I can.Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently completed Le Wagon Amsterdam batch #126. It was, in short, the best learning experience of my life. Throughout and after high school, which I graduated the summer just before the bootcamp, I completed other coding courses before, but none of... Read More them had the same impact on me or taught me as much as Le Wagon. Even with very high expectations for the programme, they managed to exceed each and every one. The curriculum and structure side of the programme is amazing. The teachers and teacher assistants do a great job at explaining every concept just enough so you really understand what you’re doing. Additionally, they teach other soft and hard skills a developer needs to succeed in the industry, such as version control and collaboration with other developers.What surprised and pleased me the most was the sense of community that is created since day one, and persists even after the bootcamp is over. The buddy system is a great way to learn to code with other developers, get to know the other bootcamp participants and even make new friends.All in all, I would absolutely recommend LeWagon to anyone, regardless of previous experience with code.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined the Le Wagon Tokyo I worked for eight years for a number of Fortune 500 companies in a Corporate Finance environment. I never coded or had any programming experience before, and to come away at the end of camp with the ability to understand... Read More how to build an application from product design and conception to full-working production online was unbelievable and invigorating!All of the Tokyo staff were so impressive and accomplished, it inspires you to want to do more for yourself.Having continued access to Le Wagon resources as an alumni afterwards is so beneficial. Through the Le Wagon Tokyo experience, I was able to land a new job as Chief Operating Officer of an established startup overseeing development. I am now on a course to a new life and career path in Japan and this was much more than I ever imagined to happen!Read Less",le-wagon
"Just before writing this review, I was programming away on a Rails application for a freelance client; feeling the adrenaline of jumping back and forth between back and front-end as I freed the code of bugs. I feel in-control, powerful, and like I can... Read More accomplish anything if I really set my mind to it. A few months ago, this would not have been possible.Before Le Wagon, I always felt pretty stuck. I had that dreaded feeling of waking up every morning, anxious and complacent about going to work; doing everything for the paycheck. I always felt like my job controlled me and I was running on autopilot, doing what I needed to get done to go home and let life begin everyday.In comes Le Wagon. What a crazy, incredible ride. I don’t even know where to begin.– The course material was engaging and challenging. The lectures and instruction were typically short and sweet; giving us the fundamentals to go on with the day and code until we couldn’t code anymore.– The instructors were inspiring and reminded me of how much I love to learn; especially as a more focused adult. I consider them to be lifelong friends and mentors. Not having strong role models previously, I gained several while on this camp.– My peers may have been the best part about it. We were all going through the same crazy coursework together. I’ve come out of the course with freelance buddies, business partners and close friends.I think the greatest takeaways I had from Le Wagon was that it gave me the skills and the confidence to get out there and start obtaining some freelance jobs to gain more experience. Furthermore, when I go to start my own business in the future, I will feel technically ready to make it happen. Finally, I love that I have an invigorated drive to learn again, and I no longer have the limiting beliefs that have stopped me from reaching my full potential in the past.One thing to keep in mind is that you have to work your ass off to get the most out of the experience. This includes after the experience. Don’t let your skills go to waste after the camp by not putting them into action in one way or another.Either way, you will enjoy it, you won’t have regrets. Make the investment, because it is so worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is François, I took the batch#64 in São Paulo, Brazil. I used to work in investment banking in France and I wanted to take advantage of a life transition where I decided to live in Brazil to learn new skills. I was attracted by the tech world... Read More and wanted to get to know web-development with the idea to develop my own project or join a start-up (I joined a peer-to-peer lending platform in Brazil few months after Le Wagon). Getting out of Le Wagon you can easily get a role as junior developer, however it is also a strong asset if you are looking for product manager role or any business role in a tech company.The key barriers to entry to web-development is the fact that a web application mixes a lot of pieces that you have to put together to have it up and running: you need a backend language (Ruby @ Le Wagon), HTML &amp; CSS to build your frontend, javascript to make it bite reactive, a data-base, etc… which makes it extremely hard to learn on your own. Le Wagon pedagogy is great and quickly guides you step by step through the basics of web-development to build strong foundations (no blind application of something you would be told to do, you actually know what you are doing !).The 2 last weeks are dedicated to building an application, it is amazing what you can achieve in 2 weeks when you had no previous knowledge few weeks earlier! My project was an application that helps friends getting together calculating the best neighborhood to hangout (based on where people will leave and taking commuting time into account) and generating a selection of bars and restaurants so that the group can democratically decides where it will hangout, ain’t that cool ?Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Cassiano Mangini da Costa, I'm 31 years old, from Santos, São Paulo, Brazil, graduated in Information Systems from the Catholic University of Santos (2008 - 2012). I have experience in IT as a Cobol programmer, systems analyst and IT architecture... Read More analyst at Bank Bradesco and Bank Itau.At the end of 2014, I decided to leave aside my career as a systems analyst to realize the dream of going abroad to learn English and to be in contact with a different culture.The destination chosen was the city of Cork in Ireland.In the beginning of 2016 after completed my English course and my IELTS certification, I got a job in Apple's as a third party, responsible for supporting Apple Maps users, as well as data analysis and other activities.In 2017 I decided it was time to go back to something more related to my degree and experience, but 3 years had passed since my last experience as a systems analyst. I was not feeling prepared to apply to any IT job position, I felt that I needed to recycle my CV and update my knowledge.I started researching about boot camps, as well as chatting with many friends about possibilities. One of my friends was attending the Le Wagon course in Barcelona and he was really enjoying what he was learning.I have decided to read a little more about the boot camp, the content taught and the roles of a full stack developer.I was considering attending the course in Europe, but to my surprise one of the cities from the next batch would be São Paulo.That was all I wanted! To be studying and being close to my family and friends again.I have made my registration and the interview with Mathieu motivated me even more to attend the course.Time to pack all my stuff, go back to Brazil and face this challenge!Le Wagon's teaching approach really surprised me, I was motivated and challenged from the first to the last day of the course.The first few weeks were very difficult for everyone, but with the support of teachers and classmates, I knew the end result would be worthwhile. And in the blink of an eye, it was time to develop our final project.Despite having some personal ideas of final projects, I decided to accept the invitation from a colleague to develop an intelligent platform (Advalori) to bring together clients (startups and small/medium companies) who needed to improve and control their cash flow with investors (factorings). It was incredible what we were able to develop in just 10 days!After having finalized the course in December, I took a break, so that in 2018 I could start the hunt for my first work as a Full Stack Developer. And the reward and dedication came in less than a month of searching.After some tests and interviews, I got my first job as Full Stack Developer in GigaServices.GigaServices is an IT consulting firm, founded in 2009, based in Sao Paulo and in Curitiba, SP, Brazil. They have clients as GO Eyewear, Mundial S.A, Softfilm, Dermiwil, Trident and Livraria Saraiva.I am part of the team responsible for developing all the demand (bugs fix and systems innovation) and data integration.The mainly product of GigaServices is MOBBIZ (www.mobbiz.com.br), a web platform that can do many activities such as: sales force automation, digital catalog, accountability, agenda of appointments, news and notifications, trainings via tablets, check list, action plan and summary of performance.The excitement and search for more knowledge are just beginning!Thank you Le Wagon for everything!Read Less",le-wagon
"I spent two exceptional months at Le Wagon. During this period, I made friends of a lifetime and, as a bonus, I acquired a set of skills I consider indispensable today.Whatever your career path, all skills Le Wagon is able to teach you is becoming ever... Read More more important. If you want to rapidly understand the developers world, Le Wagon, in company with Mathieu Le Roux, is the best place for this. No doubt.Read Less",le-wagon
I quit my job as COO of a small software company at the age of 53 because it was becoming more of a sales position and that initiated me to make a career change and go all in on my dream of becoming a web developer. Three weeks later I was in Barcelona... Read More on a very intense web developer boot-camp to learn the full stack based on Ruby on Rails.I had no prior experience to coding in any language so for me basically everything was new which meant focusing and working long hours every day - even outside of the 9-10 hour days on the boot-camp - in order to 'get' as much as possible. The instructors were great and especially their patience was admirable when we asked what must have been the same questions over and over.Le Wagon lead us through everything from the database to the front-end step by step and through the entire process we were working hands on with bigger and bigger projects. We finished the camp in teams of 3 or 4 where we in two intense weeks built a fully functional and relatively complex web application. Our projects were constantly pushed through social media and getting attention from potential future employers which combined with all the extra events like job fairs and networking arranged by Le Wagon was a great inspiration and opportunity for us as new developers.This camp far exceeded my expectations and at the time of writing this just a few days after finishing in Barcelona I already have two job offers in Denmark and Germany. I'm definitely going all in on this exciting field where the market is screaming for qualified people - I hope to be able to combine my future job with my interest in and knowledge of the Blockchain but that only time will tell...Read Less,le-wagon
"Hi, i'm Corentin i was student at Le Wagon Bordeaux batch 127 in January 2018. I used to be an optician. I wanted to change my life because it was bored and had a passion for computer science. So I decided to learn to code to become Web Developer. I choose... Read More Le Wagon and i'm not disappointed because in two month i have learnt a lot of technical skills, languages and tips with qualify teachers. Our final project was amazing for very young developers like us. It's one of the best experience of my life, it's the best bootcamp and it's accessible to all.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from Business Administration a few months ago and over the last few years, I got more and more interested in entrepreneurship, especially in the tech industry.After an internship in a start-up in Montreal, I decided that it was time for me... Read More to build on some tech skills. I wanted to acquire the skills that will allow me to join a start-up with a product that resonates with my interest or to build my own product/projects.As soon as I began Le Wagon batch #125, I felt that I was at the right place to build on those new skills.As a matter of fact, Le Wagon's program was perfect for me as I had no previous experience in web development. Therefore, I needed a supportive environment to make my first steps in this challenging world.The 9 weeks were challenging, but with the incredible support of the teachers I made the most out of it and learned full stack web development. The project weeks were incredible as all the learnings from the past weeks finally aligned in my head and suddenly I realized that I was capable of doing much more than I would have thought.In only 2 weeks we built a functional web-app that I can use as the first major piece of my portfolio, but more importantly, I now have a clear vision of the process and challenges associated with building a web product.I now have the keys to grow as a web-developer or product manager and I am already working on side projects while searching for a job where I will put to use my recently acquired tech skills.Last but not least, Le Wagon is a wonderful human adventure and as a member of the family I have not only made great friends but I also have access to a strong network of mentors/business partners.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was working at Google as an Account Manager in Digital Marketing for Google’s largest automotive and mobility clients. I did not have any prior knowledge of coding but noticed that more and more of my discussions with partners... Read More were about their web applications. This increased a lot with the emergence of new mobility start-ups.The business need together with a personality of always wanting to learn new skills made me very excited about applying to Le Wagon. The alumni reviews speak for themselves and even before going I was sure I had made the right choice. The people I met there and the skills I learned however completely exceeded my expectations. After going to Business School and learning for the sake of passing exams it felt extremely refreshing learning a skill for life. The teachers did an amazing job guiding the students along their line of thinking instead of imposing one single way to solve the many challenges. The absolute highlight were the three last weeks in which we built two MVPs. Before the bootcamp I would never have thought it was possible to build a working and fully designed MVP in only two weeks. Back in my job I am looking forward to apply not only the technical expertise I learnt but also use some of the Agile and Scrum techniques we learnt for my daily business.This was an absolutely amazing experience and I would recommend it to anybody in doubt.Read Less",le-wagon
"You will learn a lot of thing in so little time it’s just amazing but it’s difficult so be prepare because you can be overwhelmed easily with the amount of information you’ll receive.I had a high school diploma in IT networking but that was not exactly... Read More what I wanted to do in my life so I decided to join Le Wagon to learn how to become a web developer.I was in Le Wagon Bordeaux #127 the teachers and everyone else are nice and more than helpful they will push you to be better.To be honest, before to participate to Le Wagon Program, I wasn’t convince that it was that good… but since I’ve finished the program I can say it’s worth it ! I am 100% satisfied with my experience.Don’t be scared, if you take it seriously, you will not waste your time !Read Less",le-wagon
"After working in the banking industry and in IT banking industry, i was tired of the slowness and the antiqueness of the processes and way of working there.I was also frustrated about not to be technical enough to fully understand the IT processes. That’s... Read More why, in the first hand I decided to learn by myself coding with the help of internet resources. But after a while, I was kind of blocked in my learning progress.At this time, when surfing on the web, I found Le wagon bootcamp.The quality of the website, the transparency about the program, the good reviews and the alumni careers convinced me and long story short I enrolled for it ( and I can tell you, i do not regret it ).https://www.lewagon.com/The bootcamp was far beyond my expectations. The pedagogy, the learning pace, the resources are extremely well designed and you feel that you are immediately able to use it IRL.The second major key point is the people. Teachers, TAs, Drivers, are very nice, competent and always willing to help you, for the bootcamp itself but also for your personal project(s). They are very encouraging and they make you grow by putting you in the right direction, with the correct mindset.Last but not least Le wagon provide you with a huge active tech community.Le wagon Slack will be your best friend (you can go home facebook ) with tons a job offers, resources, tutorials, tech news… And of course, a help section if you are struggling with an issue, the 2K + members are here to help you out. I was part of wagon Batch #127 in Bordeaux (jan-march 2018). I’m now beginning my career as a freelance web developer and digital nomad, as will be living in the Caribbean. After only a couple of weeks after le wagon I have projects in the pipe, a tons of stuff to read, to learn, to do and the brain full of ideas in order to contribute to open source community and projects.La Wagon will open you the door of the gigantic tech universe. I have a brand new world to explore (bye bye boring office work and hours)…and coding under the sun with the feet on the sand…what else? To conclude, a tech enthusiastic, tech curious who is always willing to learn &amp; grow and who is dreaming to be part of the tech world, enroll, you’ll not regret it!It's definitely not easy (as there is a lot to learn in 9 weeks), but it’s totally worth it without any doubt.Change your life: learn to code with Le Wagon…and see you soon on SlackRead Less",le-wagon
"My review is kind of long so I’ll start of with a summary- if you are thinking about a career in web development or just want to learn a new set of marketable skills, do the Le Wagon bootcamp. I couldn’t believe that it could live up to all the positive... Read More reviews I found before starting the course, but it did and then some.Right from the get go Le Wagon does two things amazingly well- teaching you how to code and making you feel part of a community. They send you an extensive list of prepwork to do so that you have a bit of foundation and can hit the ground running on Day 1. Frequent drinks are organized to encourage everyone to hang out. This is really effective- by the end you will have made some really good friends and an extensive contact list of established and budding developers.If you like a challenge you will love the daily routine at Le Wagon. Attend a 60-90 minute lecture in the morning covering a particular topic, after which you spend the next 6-7 hours tackling tasks based around this material. It is not all smooth sailing- there are tonnes of moments where you feel like tearing your hair out in frustration. But there are an equal amount of “eureka!” moments when you finally lock down a concept. And there are always a group of extremely capable TA’s to help out- if you put in a ticket they will generally be with you in a couple of minutes. It is crazy how good some of these guys are at reading your mess of code and figuring out what you’re actually trying to do. They are all genuine guys who are really easy to get along with and who you will also count as friends by the end of the course.By week 4 or 5 you really start to see how all the skills you are learning are coming together and then this is all consolidated by the two projects you do in the last 3 weeks of the course. These projects give you invaluable experience in creating a project from scratch and learning how to code a product with your partners.The office itself is amazing. Such a great workspace to learn in. It really starts to feel like home by the end of it and we were genuinely sad to leave. Ed, who manages Le Wagon London, is an amazing guy who is always willing to have a chat and give you encouragement.They set up some really good talks to help guide you through the post-bootcamp-find-a-job phase. I left knowing what needed to be done in order to both continue developing my skills and to conduct a successful job search.Other great perks:Coffee anytime you want itYogas Tuesdays and ThursdaysFinal Summary:Teaching- greatTA’s- super-skilled and friendlyWorkspace- top-notchTasks- challenging and fun to work onFellow students- varied bunch in terms of origin, age and experience which makes it a delight to get to know everyone.Top tips:Prepwork- do it! And maybe re-do the ruby section just before the bootcamp starts to really hit the ground running. If you have time, revisit a bit of the Javascript prep before you start the JS section.Flashcards- find time to do these. It will really help with consolidating material. Also make use of the bookmark function for important or tricky cards. This is both useful during the course and afterwards.Be on time for lecture and pay attention- showing up even a bit late will make it tricky to get the materialDo not get disheartened if you don’t completely get a concept. You will often find that after a bit of time it will become second nature to you. I’m looking at you iterators.Don’t get a chromebook! I tried and struggled throughout the courseTry and do yoga, if you’re so inclined. The instructor is excellent and it really helps to clear your mind after a long day of coding.Go to drinks on Fridays- it really helps you to unwind and build friendshipsRelax on the weekends- your brain needs time to process material. Speaking of which, have fun with dreaming about coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"After dropping out of college I stumbled across programming online and immediately fell in love with it. I got my feet wet with Codecademy and tried to teach myself how to code via tutorials and online mini-courses. Even though I made good progress and... Read More was able to make very simple mobile apps I always felt like I lacked the fundamentals and the structure to really be a competent developer and that’s when I realised I needed more than a simple online course, at the same time I found out about the concept of coding bootcamps, which promised very good results over a short period of time and Le Wagon ranked number one in every review site I visited, so after reading countless 5 star reviews I enrolled in Lisbon.Everyone warned me about the pace of the bootcamp and how intense it was, but I remember being in shock with the rest of my classmates in the first week. We all felt like this was just too much to grasp in 9 weeks, but we were so wrong ! Don’t get me wrong, this is indeed A LOT to grasp in 9 weeks, but what makes Le Wagon different from every other learning experience I’ve had is the people that are apart of it - from the lead teachers, teacher assistants, the driver and even the intern! Everyone made sure we had the best guidance and support over the course, and displayed a level a of patience that I was not used to. In college, if you keep asking the teacher question after question, after a while they will just find a nice way to tell you to fuck off, whereas in Le Wagon they welcomed your questions and were always there to help you solve your challenges.Besides the intense and rewarding learning part, which is obviously the reason why everyone decides to enroll on a bootcamp, the experience itself was great. In what other school/bootcamp are you drinking, having fun, meeting interesting people, all while learning such a overwhelming skill like web development! So much so that I looked forward to going to Le Wagon everyday, even when I knew I was going to work my ass off and be really tired by 7PM, I still wanted to go, and that can only happen if you are enjoying the journey.The climax of this journey are the last 10 days where you and your group get to build a project from scratch to present it on Demo Day. This is the defining moment where you put to work all the skills you've been acquiring the previous 7 weeks, and by skills I’m not only talking about the hard skills ( HTML, CSS, Javascript, Ruby on rails) but also the collaboration, agile development methodology and design tips you've been taught in the bootcamp. I really enjoyed this last part of the course because it was so rewarding to create something out of nothing with skills you didn't have just a couple of months before!At the end of the day, this was by far the best learning experience I've ever had and I would recommended to anyone, now I see why they have all of those 5 star reviewsRead Less",le-wagon
"I had finished university and was unsure what to do with myself, when someone recommended trying out coding. After doing lots of online research, I decided to sign up to Le Wagon because all the reviews were very positive. I was quite nervous because... Read More it seemed like a big commitment considering I was still a bit unsure.It was in fact a great decision! The teaching and the resources were amazing, and after 9 weeks I feel confident going in looking for a job in coding. Each day we were taught a new concept and then given tasks to complete to reinforce the learning, a style that really worked for me. The teachers are helpful, and the community itself is strong and supportive. I feel that even now I have finished I could always reach out and ask for help and someone would very happily give me that help. I was suspicious about the lack of bad reviews of Le Wagon, but it is just because it is a really good coding boot camp. I would definitely recommend it to anyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"The period I spent in Le Wagon was an amazing learning experience. My background is in healthcare. I am a physician and practice in the field of Family and Community Medicine. I always had special interest in technology, and thought that learning to code... Read More would be a useful skill for life - both professionally - as the applications of technology in healthcare seems to be promising - and personally, as I found out that I enjoy coding and solving problems.The bootcamp period was intense. The people that I met there were amazing. The volume of information we learnt was huge. It was challenging, satisfying and fun. If I were to give advice to anyone that considers going through the process, that would be to prepare in advance. Learn the basics beforehand, do the prep work. It really pays.During the last weeks of the bootcamp, our team developed 2 applications. The first was a Airbnb-like platform in which healthcare professionals could lease, rent or share consulting rooms. The second was a web-based tool aimed to reduce paperwork and provide meaningful data to healthcare providers working in basic health units. I feel really proud of what we did there. As I am writing, 3 and a half months after the bootcamp, I consider that this learning experience opened many opportunities for me. Since last month I am working in a project in which technology is applied to make the healthcare system of my country more efficient, and the skill of knowing how to code was considered a great asset in my job interview.I keep studying coding in my spare time, and as a side project, I shall start prototyping an idea, coding a MVP, soon.Before Le Wagon, all of this would be unthinkable. I am grateful to all the Le Wagon staff, and believe that it really did change my life for better.Read Less",le-wagon
"People asked me, you go to Bali to do what? Coding??? That’s right. I spent the first 2 months of this amazing year of 2018 coding with Le Wagon Bali, and it literally Changed My Life.Graduated from UC Berkeley with an Industrial Engineering degree, worked... Read More in Silicon Valley for a few years, and then moved to Shanghai to learn Mandarin, I’ve been constantly surrounded by tech geeks and gradually exposed to the increasingly popular “digital nomad” lifestyle. The idea of traveling the world while working remotely as a web developer appealed to me, so I decided to jump on the bandwagon (see what I did there). I was thrilled to hear the best coding bootcamp in the world was opening its first batch in my home Bali, Indonesia and even more thrilled knowing the timing was perfect for me to join.I have three reasons why Le Wagon Bali is the coding bootcamp you should consider.First, the curriculum. I don’t need to explain why Le Wagon is currently the best coding bootcamp in the world. You will not only be able to code in five highly-marketable programming languages (Ruby, SQL, HTML, CSS, Javascript), but also have your own very first MVP built at the camp (take a look at mine: www.wearewaterfall.com). As the old Chinese proverb says: 授人以鱼，不如授人以渔, give a man a fish to feed him for a day, teach a man how to fish to feed him for a lifetime - at the camp, you will get to acquire new skills every single day and more importantly, learn how to work independently.Second, the people. You will meet people from all walks of life. My batch consisted of 16 people from 10 different countries and 5 instructors and leaders from 4 more, and each carried their own stories, skills, and perspectives. We get to know and work with each other intimately through the buddy system and later, in the team projects. Le Wagon have developed an amazing learning culture that encourages everyone to respect and help one another regardless of proficiency level and learning speed. My favorite thing about this is the fact that after the bootcamp, I would have buddies from all around the world that I can potentially work with in the future. As digital nomads, you live far away from your family, but you will have families everywhere you go. We are in this together.Third, the place. I could be biased, because Bali is my home, but you can ask a million other people who have visited this tropical paradise on how fun it is to live here. Two months in Bali was not nearly enough to fully get the most of the island, let alone only a week that most people spend when they visit the island. Therefore, I can’t think of a better reason to choose Bali for a coding bootcamp of a global reputation. Our classroom in the Canggu area is a 5-minute walking distance from a popular, quiet surf beach and surrounded by a huge variety of gastronomy from around the world, including fusion and vegan (some would even say it is a vegan paradise). The mountains are merely an hour car ride away, or you can also rent a yacht to the nearby islands to swim with manta rays. Follow our Instagram (@lewagonbali) if that was not enough to convince you.Now I am back in China, finishing my language study while building my portfolio and pruning all the skills I have learned from a bootcamp. After this, I want to travel the world, build impactful web applications, and potentially even teach at Le Wagon one day.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from the creative industry working as a freelance fashion photographer for the last 7 years, I was pretty worried about my ability to learn something as ‘technical’ and ‘right-brain’ as coding.But, the super well thought out structure of Le Wagon... Read More coding bootcamp meant that I was able to learn far more than I ever imagined. The program is fast paced but thorough enough to get the core concepts hammered in and have you ready and confident to take on projects by the end.As I was coming from a zero-tech background I made sure to complete all the pre-course work which I would highly recommend if you want to maximise your capacity to absorb knowledge during the course. Regardless of your abilities, everyone is nurtured and catered for by the wonderful teachers and assistants but the more you can prepare before starting, the more material you will be able to cover during the lessons and therefore the further along you will be by the time you finish.For anyone considering the leap from a creative or otherwise less ‘techy’ field or anyone in general who wants to skill-up as fast as possible in Web Development, Le Wagon is your ticket. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend this fantastic programme especially in the blissful location of Bali with Dirk and his fabulous team.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started my own recruiting company, Find My Flock, a couple of years ago and it’s been quite successful so far. But the candidate interview process is manual and repetitive and I found it hard to scale. My goals in pursuing a code bootcamp were to relearn... Read More to code, to build a recruitment app to boost my business, and hopefully attract others to the project. After a thorough research, I decided to enroll in Le Wagon Bali. The course itself has already been described in many of the other reviews so I won’t go into detail here. But I really want to highlight four differentiators: First, how organized, structured and thoughtfully-composed the program is. The amount of information to take in can be overwhelming but the platform Le Wagon has built is unique and greatly facilitates learning.Second, how hands-on the program is. You actually spend the majority of the day solving exercises and applying your new knowledge. Third, the last two weeks of the bootcamp you get to build a live, functional app with a team of others. In my case, we built the very project I was dreaming of for Find My Flock. I thought I would only be starting it after the bootcamp! The tireless camp instructors not only helped solve our daily coding problems, they coached our team on the presentation for Demo Day so we’d have a boost later when seeking investment.And lastly, the staff’s commitment to reducing stress before and throughout the learning process. Examples include pre-course prep work, yoga breaks, accommodation tips and more. One time I needed an electronics charger and they ordered it online for me in Indonesian and gave it to me in class. So, what are the results? I left with a fully functioning recruitment web app. We’re already sending it to users to join. In addition, I hired two classmates to continue to develop. We code with the aid of a highly-active 2,500-members-strong Le Wagon alumni network. Multiple times already, I’ve posted a technical question on their Slack and gotten quick tips/help/feedback. I have never heard of these kinds of outcomes from another bootcamp.Thank you so much Le Wagon Bali— I fully intend to sing your praises to everyone who asks!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was working at a hospital in New York City as a central sterile technician which not surprisingly did not involve any coding at all. Although I enjoyed my job I realized I had the ideas and desire to create things but I was not sure... Read More how to bring my ideas to life. I created my first Wordpress website but I quickly realized how limited I was with it. I then hired a developer and as I read through his code I thought to myself anyone who could read and write this stuff was a wizard! And could do anything!Months later I decided to make a change by traveling abroad to Asia and to gain some perspective. I thought after travelling I would come back to New York and really dedicate my time to learning how to code. But while traveling in Asia I met someone who told me about Le Wagon and how it changed her life. It allowed her to become a digital nomad and work from wherever her heart desired, which in my eyes was exactly what I wanted. So shortly after this encounter I applied to join the first batch of Le Wagon in Bali.During the bootcamp it became very clear that it would by no means be easy. I often struggled to wrap my head around complex logic but the instructors were so amazing and helpful that I never felt stranded or alone. Help was always available and resources were always provided to assist anyone who was in need and this is something I felt was the magic that makes Le Wagon so successful.During the last few weeks we built our own Web apps and if pressure makes diamonds, that was exactly what every person in our camp became. The amount of hard work, dedication and understanding Le Wagon fosters in each student was beyond my own expectations. I was able to finish the camp strong, confident and proud. If you are a creative person and are looking to change your life, Le Wagon is the perfect environment to help you become a “wizard” and really grant you the power to take control of your future.Read Less",le-wagon
"IN A NUTSHELL:The 8 weeks of the bootcamp will be tough and fast-paced, but when you look back at the end of the course, you truly feel empowered with the skills and knowledge to build a fully functional web-based app/ website. The course is originally... Read More designed for entrepreneurs who would like to learn how to build a website/ app for their business, yet it is very relevant for people who want to work as freelance developers, or who want to quickly learn what programming is about (like myself, I’m an independent management and strategy consultant with a now good knowledge in data analysis/ visualisation to offer to my clients). The course in Bali is very well staffed, students come from various walks of life and create a truly immersive community during the whole course. This was clearly one of the best learning experience in my life so far!FULL STORY:I decided to learn coding for two main reasons. Firstly, I had a few times some ideas for apps or websites, but never knew where and how to start to build a proof of concept; I was using this lack of skill as an excuse not to go any step further. Secondly, I believe that coding (any language or any context) will become a crucial skill in most of jobs - as important as knowing how to use a computer, excel… - especially when dealing with an ever-growing amount of data on a daily basis.I tried without success to learn coding by myself, but I lacked the structure to help me getting started on what was important and to deliver step by step an extensive and demanding knowledge. So I decided to look into coding bootcamps available, and the one that caught my attention was Le Wagon. I had a couple of ex-colleagues who did the bootcamp recently and contacted them to hear more about their experience. They easily convinced me.Just like me, they were working in Management and Strategy consulting for ~5 years, helping venerable industries to improve their businesses, but always far from the new Tech scene. Yet, they all learned invaluable skills that they are now using on a daily basis (they now fully switched to the tech industry).Before I dive into the content of the bootcamp, I must say that the 8 weeks the course last are extremely fast paced and demanding. The hours can be long, but mostly our brains were mobilised and learning new skills almost 24/7! This is not for the faint-hearted! But all the pain endured is quickly forgotten when we saw the first results.The first three weeks are dedicated to the core of programming. Basically, you will learn how Ruby (and most computer language) is built and how to quickly build back-end software. This part can be frustrating as you basically learn the first year of computer sciences in 3 weeks. But this is invaluable as you learn how to progressively think like a programmer and understand the logic of any computer language. Then you have about 2 weeks of front end (HTML, CSS, JS) and database management where you learn all the best practice, and because it’s front-end, you quickly feel empowered as you can see you are actually building beautiful webpages. The last 3 weeks are the most interesting: they are the projects weeks. On the first of these weeks, each team rebuilds a copycat of Airbnb from scratch (that’s really amazing – everyone after only 6 weeks is able to build such a site, with fully functional back and front ends!), then the last two weeks are for the projects pitched by students. On top of connecting all the dots (back and front ends), this is an excellent exercise to learn extra features (depending on the project needs) and to learn how to collaborate within a team of developers.What does Le Wagon give you in the end? The results are pretty self-explanatory: every student is capable of building a fully functional website/ app that they present at the end of the bootcamp. On top of this, Le Wagon gives you access to a huge library of resources, classes, videos… that you can access for life. Very useful when you want to review a specific point of the course, or when a new module is added to the course. Last, but not least, it gives you access to an extensive network of teachers and alumni to help and support you.Following Le Wagon in Bali is a unique experience: yes it can be frustrating to spend whole sunny days in front of your laptop, but the experiences are awesome. Students come from across the globe and all have different walks of life, creating an immense sense of cohesion within all classmates. No need to sell the charms of Bali, but did you know that it is also the number one destination for digital nomads (source nomadslist.com)? This means lots of freelancers who can give you advice if the digital nomad’s lifestyle appeals to you.As for myself, I am back home where although I am back to working as a freelance Management and Strategy consultant, I feel sharper than ever as I know I could effectively build a proof of concept for any app that would come to my mind (and I’m still working in my free time on my Le Wagon’s project), but also as a consultant, I can bring to the table real skills in data analysis, visualisation etc… that only few other professionals have. So that’s what I’m building now, the bridge between business people and data geeks!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before attending Le Wagon Bali, I was working in the Building Industry in Singapore for 10 years, an industry which is not related to coding at all and an industry which is unfortunately left behind when it comes to digitalisation.I have always been a... Read More creative person, curious about new technologies, and several ideas of web products came to my mind during the last few years. But I felt a bit frustrated because I felt completely disconnected from the “tech industry”, and I had no idea of the right approach to adopt in order to develop my ideas.Then a friend recommended Le Wagon to me and as the first batch in Bali was about to be launched, I decided to enroll. I am very happy with my decision, and luckily my friend has told me about Le Wagon.To be clear, the 2 months in the bootcamp were very intense, and the Le Wagon program requires a lot of commitment and hard work. But the program is amazingly well structured, and step by step, day by day, you are progressively getting the full picture of fullstack development.When we started on the first day of the bootcamp, we discovered the hidden part of the Le Wagon iceberg: a powerful web platform, gathering in one place all tools needed by the students: lectures, videos, resources, assignments, tutorials, etc.. I have been really amazed by this platform, available to all students, and for life. After Le Wagon, this platform is priceless, as I can retrieve all the lectures videos and resources, helping me to go further about any specific subject.The 3 last weeks of the bootcamp were the richest weeks because we had the opportunity to develop two real web apps, working as a team all day long, and putting into practice all the skills learnt during the first 5 weeks. It is such a good feeling to actually build stuff, to be focused on it, and to realise what we were actually able to do!Doing the bootcamp in Bali is the cherry on the cake, learning to code in this kind of environment is just amazing. With classmates coming from all around the world it was an amazing experience, and I had the chance to develop true friendship with some of the students.I am overall very satisfied with this bootcamp. Not only have I learnt and practiced many technical skills in a condensed period of time, now I also feel very confident in building my own product. I have a very clear picture of all the steps to follow to do so and a clear insight of the available technologies. Last but not least, the support of the alumni community and the support of the Le Wagon web platform is absolutely worth every cent!To conclude, I will definitively recommend Le Wagon to anyone as it is an asset that you will keep with you for life, no matter what you do after the bootcamp. Even if I go back to my previous role in the Building Industry, I will certainly have an enriched approach on my future challenges, will hopefully be a better version of myself, and I will look at coming opportunities with a different perspective!Read Less",le-wagon
"I am Mo from Thailand and am now a WeChat mini-program developer in Chengdu, China. Many years before Le Wagon I worked at a virtual tour company (but this was even before Google Street View so you could imagine things were very different in tech!). Last... Read More year, I worked as an IT Manager for managing IT outsourcing, web development and team building at Saraff Infotech (Thailand). Now, I am staying with my wife in Chengdu, China. I like the city as it is developing very fast. Because I missed a lot of new web technologies while I was an IT outsourcing manager, I wanted to get back into the industry. Therefore, I wanted to learn the most recent tech practices as well as make friends in Chengdu, which is why I joined Le Wagon :)My experience at Le Wagon ChengduFirst of all, I registered last minute for Le Wagon, so I was considering whether it was a good idea or not. Yet after the bootcamp, I can say it was the best decision to guide me to become a good developer and innovator. Prior to Le Wagon, I tried to learn many things by myself but that was a waste of time because I didn’t know which was the correct direction to learn and practice. Nowadays, new web technologies are too various, yet they are all connected. If you want to study by yourself, maybe it will take 1-2 years to know where are the best practices. In Le Wagon, lecturers and mentors are very experienced and experts, usually for more than 10 years. Also the Le Wagon method teaches students how to learn and apply other technologies by yourself. Now I can accelerate my learning and skills after Le Wagon. Impression of the programI got something beyond my expectation. I learned WeChat Mini-Programs - the new technology launched by Tencent in 2017, which I really like. It enables me to enter the China market with presence on a powerful APP like WeChat.Moreover, I like my Le Wagon friends, lecturers and mentors. They are kind people and very optimistic to build a strong developer community in Chengdu. We all come from very different backgrounds, lifestyles and careers.Biggest TakeawaysBest practices for web development skills and learning.Methods and planning to build APPs in a short time. These are very useful to continue learning and make projects in my IT career path.Life after Le Wagon Now, I am focusing on WeChat Mini Program development and working with one of mentors, who is continuing to help us understand how to organize as team developers and how to be successful entrepreneurs.Suggestions for youI highly recommend Le Wagon’s bootcamp in China. Both team Le Wagon Chengdu and Shanghai are very strong and passionate to build a very good developer and entrepreneur community. For those who do not have any IT skills before, this course can reduce time to learn by yourself from 1-2 years in 2 months. Moreover, we can keep learning and share experiences in the Le Wagon community after you graduate!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I heard of Le Wagon I was doing a monotonous job with no excitement at all and for a long time felt that I did not want to carry on with that line of work for the rest of my life; I had been interested in computer science, attending many different... Read More courses in MOOC platforms over the past years but I had the feeling that I was missing the best part of CS.Then all Barcelona Bootcamps offered an open doors day and after visiting all of them it is when I met Le Wagon and its driver, Gus de Vita; immediately I felt they were for me because of its different approach to classic computer science where endless lectures are given with little or none practical exercises while LW heavily focuses on practical extremely challenging exercises where we are required to give our best to grasp a solid knowledge of the lecture given earlier in the morning.They were teaching the whole full stack web development in a way that while I was participating in the course all my expectations were completely fulfilled and the course itself, mind-blowing: the educational methods, teachers assistants, daily class structure, exercise challenges and much more gave me the knowledge, confidence and tools to develop a career of my own in computer science.Don’t get me wrong, it is not a doddle! A lot of hard work, effort, time investment and commitment are expected from the student side to be successful! Good things don’t come easy, but once is achieved the reward feels twice bigger than expected.I absolutely endorse this course to take not only your cs skills to top level but to change your mindset and convince yourself that you are capable of, by hard effort, achieve anything that you aim. Le Wagon is absolutely worth every cent!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was originally a Data Analyst, but after working with developing teams for a couple of years, I developed a curiosity and desire to learn how to code web apps myself!What thrilled me the most, was the idea to be able to create something on my own in... Read More order then to convince people to join in my quest to conquer the web!That is what brought me to take LeWagon’s Full Stack Web Dev. Bootcamp.The course was incredibly well structured, each day planned to add a brick in what would become an intricate but solid castle of awesomeness.Mind you, it was tough! You better be willing to get you hands dirty (metaphorically speaking of course!) but the teachers at Le Wagon provide you with all the necessary tools in order to surpass all the challenges ahead.It was an incredible experience that climaxed with the final project of having succeeded to be able to have created a real-life, live, functioning web application..and in just 2 months!I’m still mindblown if you ask me!But if Web Developer is the path you are willing to choose, the end of the bootcamp is only but the beginning!I myself am constantly learning and coding in my free time starting to develop personal projects which I can finally be able to bring to life thanks to the Bootcamp :slightly_smiling_face:Read Less",le-wagon
"My background is in oceanography, focused on physical oceanography, ocean modeling, data analysis and research. Before Le Wagon, I had just finished my masters in oceanography where I learned so much about scientific Python, data, plotting and how to... Read More write science in a friendly way. Together with being an oceanographer, I was always interested in new technologies, startups, how the entire process to come up with an idea worked and what was the best way to show that idea to the world. That's where LeWagon comes in. I've always wanted to shorten the gap between academia and the public, so I thought the source of all the knowledge (internet) could help me with that. I started LeWagon after hearing from another friend that took the course and, after the first weeks, I knew the investment was worth it. For me, the structure of the course really helped me through the learning process and, as I saw myself getting better over time, I could see the order things were taught was really making a difference and was helping me not to get confused. By learning ruby first, I saw the potential the language had in making clean and very understandable programs. After that, we saw database, internet protocols, OOP, front-end, APIs (we actually had much more than that) and, after 7 weeks, we had the final project. For me, the final project was a good summary of what we learned in 9 weeks and I was so proud of what me and my group did in such a short time (if you're curious - http://www.doctorwho.reviews/) . Just the idea of learning how to use google maps in your page, how to make it responsive, how to use a ""Facebook Login"", was such a big thing for me. Before the classes I didn't pay much attention to all the processes involved in making a website function in a fast, responsive way. Besides the material, the teachers and TAs were also very good. What really amazed me was that, because Le Wagon is an international school, the same classes I had in Brazil, were also being taught somewhere in Tokyo, so I now have access to this large community with different ideas and backgrounds from all over the world.After finishing the course, I didn't start working right away because of other reasons, but I'm still practicing, developing and learning new frameworks, technologies and programming languages. I know some of the things I learned might become obsolete in the near future, but I'm way more qualified to learn new things now than I was before.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon in Barcelona I had recently came back from the United States to my home country, Colombia. I graduated from the University of Miami with two majors in Business, management and finance. After working for more than a year in a bank... Read More a came to the conclusion that being an employee is not what I wanted in my life so I decided to come back to Colombia into a fresh start and the best option for me to build my own business.After giving some thought and research I realized that every job/business that I could think of and inspired me into creating was related to coding and yet I had no idea of what coding was like. Therefore I researched some more into what could be the best school possible for me to learn to code and most importantly start a business through an app. Le Wagon was the best option I could find that had all I was looking for and also included the opportunity of building a new app with other students which made the experience even better than what I was looking for.Now that Le Wagon ended I can say I was completely fulfilled in my interest of acquiring knowledge in an area I had no clue about. For the moment I have not been able to code since I have been busy completing many applications for an MBA study I want to start later this year. However, because of the app I built at Le Wagon Barcelona and that I have bragged about with some friends, I have received some proposals for me to build a website and an app for one of my friends’ clinic, and for two other friends that have starting restaurants. I’m really looking forward to the opportunity of coding again and I can only imagine all the doors this knowledge will open in my future in business, complete and total gratitude to Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Even as Marketer with over 15 years of experience in product and marketing, my great frustration was not had learned coding at the beginning of my career. When younger, I worked as web designer for a while and could learn a little bit of HTML. I joined... Read More an IT team in a financial company and since beginning I was very interested in learning more on software development. As the only woman in the team, I started showing interest in learning coding - but the only help or directions I got was a huge C# book and a “study by yourself” as a support.Time passed, I went through amazing experiences in great companies and startups, always in areas such as Marketing, E-Commerce, Business or Product Development. And product development was, by far, the most interesting area for me. Build something from scratch, discuss solutions with developers and understand how things work and improve them was really fascinating. I also had some ideas that I’d like to develop, use and eventually launch as a product. But never had the chance of prototyping it.One year ago I had a great role as Senior Product Marketing Manager in one of the biggest technology companies of the world. And besides that, I was frustrated as I felt that my job didn’t make any sense: I wasn’t learning anything relevant, wasn’t happy with my role at the company and I wasn’t making the impact I would like to make around me.I left that company and decided to change my career. Had decided that from now on, I’d look for something that could fulfil me and make me feel happy again. I wanted to learn, build something innovative and solve real problems.That was when I found LeWagon.Those 9 weeks of bootcamp didn’t taught me only to code in Ruby. I learned since basic concepts such as Git, Object Oriented Programming, MVC, until to architect a database or develop a beautifully responsible Front End.Those were really intensive days with a well structured teaching methodology that included daily challenges, super updated tools and the most important: the support from the Teachers and TA’s!At the end, me and my colleagues developed a prototype for improving the Brazilian public health system in 2 weeks. And a marketplace for a B2B2C in 4 days! Was so incredible to start from scratch and, in a few days, see a new product to born and work!!Those 9 weeks were the turning point of my career - and even of my life. I not only became a developer but I also changed my path. Yet during the bootcamp I started receiving invitations for tech roles jobs in amazing companies. I ended up accepting an offer from SAP Hybris and became a member of their Expert Services as a Functional Consultant for Marketing and Commerce. I never though I would work in this role in such great company and my journey so far has been so amazing. I am still learning everyday and without LeWagon, I wouldn’t be able to develop this path, do simple things as install and configure a software via Terminal or discuss functionalities considering the database in place.Change my career with 36 years old was not a plan one year ago. It was actually something like a will that was far from happening. Deciding for “pivoting” my path at that point in my career was not easy. Thankfully I found LeWagon and with help from them, the Teachers, the TA’s and all Alumni community, I started a new and exciting new journey - and I’m so glad with that!Read Less",le-wagon
"I only thing I’m 100% sure after doing LeWagon is that I will never regret it !I used to be an IT consultant and project manager. I felt that I was a bit useless in all the processes, and felt that I could do more, think more, be more productive but also... Read More enjoy more my days at work! That’s why I wanted to turn into a developer! Being able to build my own ideas and create things!From the first to the last day of LeWagon courses (which I attended in Barcelona), it was a pure pleasure. Great people, great time! The teachers are excellent, very nice with whom you can learn a lot! The batches are quite small (20people approx) which allow to share a lot with everyone and learn faster. We learn how to code full apps, but also how to work like a dev.LeWagon is a great starter to change a pro life! It is only the beginning of a new journey! 10 days after finishing the batch, I signed a contrat to be full dev in France. There I can practice and learn again and again, more and more… But without LeWagon I would never be able to at least apply to this kind of job…Don’t hesitate. Sign in and enjoy your new pro life journeyRead Less",le-wagon
"Prior to the Le Wagon bootcamp I was working as an IT consultant where I was interacting with developers, product managers and all sorts of positions inside the tech world on a daily basis. I remember I used to think how incredible it is to see what you... Read More can achieve with the right skills, and what a difference you can make.This led me to the decision to make a career change. I soon realised, after having done some research, that I did not have the time for a regular university study so I started to look at alternative options like bootcamps.After reading reviews and looking at Le Wagons extensive program I decided to apply. Till this day I am really happy with my decision. The pedagogy focuses on practice and is extremely well structured and engaging. The teachers were absolutely amazing. They were very professional, dedicated and it is thanks to them thats students are able to demonstrate an incredible learning curve during the short period of 9 weeks.Le Wagon is not only for those that wish to become developers. Besides the fact that Le Wagon teaches technologies and methodologies that are very powerful they also give you an entrepreneurial mindset.You will become part of this amazing community of developers and entrepreneurs. And most importantly, you get to live an amazing experience! I cannot recommend Le Wagon more.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I applied for Le Wagon Montréal I wasn’t sure what to expect.I decided to do it because I wanted to learn how to code to become a good project manager and be able to speak the same language as developers.Coming from a web marketing background the... Read More only thing I knew about code was basic HTML and CSS. I really wanted to know more about how things really work on a website but the number of information online can be really intimidating when you’re on your own.That’s when I heard about Le Wagon Montréal.The program seemed to fit perfectly my needs with a nine weeks intensive program where you learn how to code a complete web application, so I applied.As the bootcamp approached, I was a bit afraid. I've heard a lot of good things about it, but pretty much all the people said that it was hard and really intense.I wasn’t sure about my capacity to do it and if I would enjoy coding as much as I wanted to.Now that I finished it, I won’t lie, it is intense. You don’t learn how to code a web app in nine weeks if it’s not.But even though it’s hard on paper, everything is done in order to make it as simple as possible for you. So you work hard, but you enjoy every moment of it!Every day is so much rewarding, you learn something new and you practice immediately, being helped by amazing teachers but also by the other students.You really learn a lot about yourself during those nine weeks seeing that your brain can work on problems like you didn’t expect. Coding can get really addictive, and the way it’s done at Le Wagon Montréal has a lot to do with it!In the end, le wagon gives you the ability to build pretty much any web app you can think of and it’s really amazing to see what people can achieve during the final project knowing that no one knew how to code two months before.All in all, it was really a once in a lifetime experience for me and I would recommend it to anybody who wants to learn how to code. It was really the best investment I did on me, the only regret I have is that I didn’t know about it earlier.I loved so much coding that I now want to do it as my day job as a web developer.So if I have only one advice to give to anyone doing Le Wagon Montreal, it would be: Take the time to enjoy every moment of this amazing experience as it passes really fast!Read Less",le-wagon
"I applied to Le Wagon for two main reasons: I wanted to be able to build my own ideas, and acquire a skill that is becoming more relevant in each and every sector. With the bootcamp prep being my only technical experience, the fast paced program took... Read More us from Ruby basics to building our own ideas in the last weeks of the program. You learn something new each and every day, and only in the following weeks after the program you comprehend how solid the set of technical skills you have acquired are. The course is empowering because you learn a new language, you are enabled to build your own product, and understand how developers work, think and create. In addition, you meet a ton of cool people!After Le Wagon I have returned to Norway to finish the last year of my bachelors degree, while working part-time on a startup idea I have been wanting to realize for a long time. Even though it is impossible to learn everything in nine weeks, you will learn what skills you need and how to acquire them in order to reach your goals. Le Wagon does not only open new possibilities, Le Wagon also helps you reach the reasons for why you wanted to get into coding in the first place.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le wagon I had been working in the TV / Advertising industry. My job evolved as a Producer and I began working more closely with Web Developers. Teaching myself to code became a necessity in order to have the language and understanding to do my... Read More job more effectively. Realising very quickly that I wanted to take the learning more seriously, I decided to enrol myself in a boot camp. After doing a lot of research on which boot camp to choose, I took the plunge and signed up for Le Wagon. The boot camp didn’t disappoint, the content of each day’s lectures was supported by the challenges students had to complete themselves. Additionally the teachers and TAs were really supportive and made the learning process really enjoyable. I highly recommend Le Wagon, for the learning experience and the community that you become a part of. … and I have just landed my first developer job! So thanks Le Wagon, I couldn’t have done it without you.Read Less",le-wagon
"An incredible experience from beginning to end. For those who are still hesitant to get started or who are looking for information before doing so, I wrote an article on my Medium blog : https://medium.com/@maximeblondel/le-wagon-changed-my-life-and-they-had-warned-9e8ceedfdd70... Read More — Thanks again to all the Paris Team !Read Less",le-wagon
"I started coding about 3 years ago purely out of interest and loved it. Whilst at Oxford Univeristy, I got involved with lots of start ups in non-development positions due to my very basic skills. I came to realise that it wasn't really possible anymore... Read More to start a modern technology company without being a coder because even business roles require you to oversee other technology based workers. Le Wagon has helped me tremendously at solving this issue. They focus on teaching you the core skills you need to learn to code so that you can continue to learn quickly and effectively after the course. Also, the entrepreneurial twist in the last two weeks of the course is great at letting you specialise in areas of interest and provides a new way to learn that breaks the mould of repetitive exercises. For anyone who wants to start a company one day or sees themselves working in the technology industry, I would highly recommend doing the course!Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked in a restaurant for 4 years before I felt like I needed to make a change in my career. I was always interested in technology, but I felt like it’s hard to learn. I believe technology can make the world a better place and I wanted to be a part... Read More of that. At first, I enrolled in a basic course about web development on Udemy before joining Le Wagon, but without having any results. It was hard for me to understand and actually code something. Then in autumn, I made a decision that changed my life. I applied to Le Wagon Barcelona and I am glad I did. It was hard at first, but the Le Wagon teachers were absolutely fantastic and helpful. At first, it was hard for me to learn how to code, but the teachers made sure I make progress and they really helped me along the way. At the end of the Bootcamp, I was part of a team of three that launched an amazing project called FollowTheFoodTruck. It was the first project I was a part of and it made me very proud of my achievements.Looking back at the whole experience, I can say that Le Wagon was the best investment I made in myself and my career. I started with 0 experience and knowledge of how to code and now I am already doing small projects and I am confident I can help change the world. Thank you Gus and Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was looking for technicals skills to start my own business.I’ve done le Wagon in Bordeaux (https://www.lewagon.com/fr/bordeaux) at the end of last year, batch #102.That was an amazing and life changing experience. Bordeaux was really pleasant. The staff... Read More is awesome and really dedicated to make you get the most out of the bootcamp !Le Wagon offers me the mindset and skills I needed, to think and build great products. I’m now working on freelance missions and pursuing my business as a side project.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello! I am a 22 year old business admin student, and a recent Le Wagon Barcelona graduate. I applied to Le Wagon for two main reasons: I wanted to be able to build my own ideas, and acquire a skill that is becoming more relevant in each and every sector.... Read More With the bootcamp prep being my only technical experience, the fast paced program took us from Ruby basics to building our own ideas in the last weeks of the program. You learn something new each and every day, and only in the following weeks after the program you comprehend how solid the set of technical skills you have acquired are. The course is empowering because you learn a new language, you are enabled to build your own product, and understand how developers work, think and create. In addition, you meet a ton of cool people!After Le Wagon I have returned to Norway to finish the last year of my bachelors degree, while working part-time on a startup idea I have been wanting to realize for a long time. Even though it is impossible to learn everything in nine weeks, you will learn what skills you need and how to acquire them in order to reach your goals. Le Wagon does not only open new possibilities, Le Wagon also helps you reach the reasons for why you wanted to get into coding in the first place.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was stuck in a job which required me to do many slow and repetitive tasks in the digital marketing space. Even though I could recognize this inefficient way of working I simply could not solve them with the skills I had at the time. So I decided to... Read More upscale my skillset and learn to code. I looked at a number of coding bootcamps throughout the UK and what struck me at my interview at Le Wagon was genuinely awesome and friendly people I met. I signed up as soon as I got home. I became part of batch 103 and the 9 weeks of the Le Wagon course were absolutely amazing. The people, both within the student body and the Le Wagon staff, were some of the nicest people I have met since making my move to London 2 years ago. Everyone had an impressive story to tell, ranging from head chefs to investment bankers. The Le Wagon staff were absolutely fantastic teachers with endless motivation, despite the shear endless questions we. and especially I myself, would ask during our 10 hour day. I often stayed longer to either work more closely on a problem with some of the teachers or simply to get to know my fellow students and teacher better, many of which I now consider friends.Looking back at the whole experience, I walked away having completed a challenging project with my team and 9 weeks of full on coding, which has given me the ability to build and maintain my own projects in the future.I have upscaled.Thank you Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"If you are reading this review, it means you are still hesitant about applying to Le Wagon. Don’t, you are in for a treat.I joined Le Wagon in Barcelona in october 2017 after 3 years as lead product and sales in the company I co-founded in 2014. I had... Read More no previous experience with coding and decided to take my chances after a failed attempt with a 100% online course. I won’t tell you about the specifics of the curriculum since you must have done your research.Know that you embark for very intense nine weeks facing new challenges everyday. if it is not the case already, by the end of the course you will have the very sought after hands-on and doer mindset.Like many students, I can’t highlight enough what Le Wagon brings beyond coding. You get to work, learn and laugh from and with people from all around the world. My batch involved 35 people (teachers and students) with 18 different nationalities. Ratio is about the same for everyone’s background :).Regarding what comes next, you will be part of a very active community always ready to help. You might be looking for a job, for help on your side-project or to improve your proficiency. There will always be someone lending a hand.For the job hunting, let me just say that recruiters started to contact me halfway through the course.Hope this review will help you reach a decision. Don’t overthink it, apply :).Read Less",le-wagon
"After deciding that I wanted to pursue a career as a developer but not being realistically able to return to university for a full length CS course, I started looking for an avenue to learn skills that would make me job ready in a short period of time.... Read More After investigating the options for bootcamps in Tokyo, Le Wagon stood out for both its English language curriculum and high satisfaction ratings. The level of support I received during and after the program far exceeded my expectations, and I was working as a developer within two weeks of graduating the program. While the curriculum is comprehensive and the pace intense, working alongside a group of other students who are equally committed to learning is an extremely valuable experience. Concepts that would have ordinarily taken me years to grasp through self learning were learned through practical problem solving tasks and teamwork. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in learning to program with a focus on real world applications in a short amount of time. I can honestly say that I would not have the level of career satisfaction I do now had I not chosen to join the program.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon's bootcamp I was working as a business administrator in a company which provides telecommunication services. My first experience with programming was in 2013 when I started studing programming logic. Since then I had done many... Read More online courses available in Codeacademy and other websites. I had already studied Data Base, PHP, HTML, CSS, etc. The problem was that I didn't know how to link all this knowledge to build a real program. So, at the end of 2017 I read about Le Wagon's bootcamp and it seemed to be the ideal course to me and I decided to join it. The program is 100% hands on - based on exercises, challenges and projects - and each day you work with a different buddy to complete the exercises, the best and only way of learning to code in my opinion!In the first few weeks we learned the different skills (DB, Back End and Front End) separately, which would be used together to build the projects of the last weeks. In my batch there were people with different backgrounds and experience in programming but they all did very well. All the final projects were great! My final project (Advalori) was a platform where growing companies that need cash flow could find factoring companies to buy their receivables. It was very challenging but it was worth it!!! Concluding, for those who are thinking of joining Le Wagon's bootcamp , I definitely recommend it, you will learn essential skills nowadays that will bring you numerous possibilities.Read Less",le-wagon
"In the last year of my Business studies, I thought a lot about what I should do once I graduate and which would be the best step for my career/education. Although I learnt a lot during my degree, I more and more got the feeling that my gained knowledge... Read More wasn’t profound enough, especially in todays’ competitive and fast-paced world. That’s why I decided to upgrade my CV with a new skill. Through a friend, I learned about Le Wagon, and because of my growing interest in technology, the idea did not seem too bad. I started to do some research and was surprised, almost a bit suspicious actually, as every single review was extremely good. Nevertheless, I decided to apply to the course and I am SO happy I made this decision!!In the days before the bootcamp started, I got a bit anxious and some panic overcame me as I felt I had made a completely crazy decision. Going to a 9 week programming course without almost any background knowledge. I was really scared that I would not be able to follow the bootcamp’s pace…Of course, the 9 weeks was very intense and sometimes overwhelming but due to the great support and attitude of all my fellow students and especially the great team behind Le Wagon, it was a very enriching and great experience. The amount we learnt, especially in this short time, was unbelievable. Not only did I gain an incredible amount of technical knowhow but I also improved skills like working and collaborating in a team, presenting and pitching an idea,.… It was truly fascinating and inspiring to see the process and development of a first idea, to creating a prototype, to 5 great apps presented at the final Demo Day. I don’t think this would have been possible without the help and great support of all the teachers, assistants and the driver in Lisbon!!For me Le Wagon was much more than I have expected and it was definitely a life changing experience as it opened me completely to a new career path and a new passion. The network, friends and memories I have taken away from my time at Le Wagon are things I really don’t want to miss.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm going to start this testimonial with an undeniable fact - Le wagon has completely transformed my life in the most amazing way possible. As a guy in his mid-20’s with an Engineering career for the best part of a decade, I finally decided that I needed... Read More more from life. I wanted to do something creative, engaging and current; but, most importantly, I wanted to do it quickly. With a life-long passion for all things tech, a strong creative background and good logic skills gained from my former career, I landed at coding. After tonnes of research Le Wagon was a strong contender. But their glowing reviews made my decision easy - and one of the best I’ve ever made. To try and relay my experience in mere words is difficult, but I will try to sum it up: First of all, the course is not easy. It’s super intense and at the start it may feel a little overwhelming. Fortunately, all they ask is that you turn up, stay attentive and put the work in. Rest assured, day by day it becomes easier. You learn the basic concepts and start gaining knowledge and confidence. Slowly but surely, as a collective group, you learn together, at a pace which is quite remarkable. Before long, you will be writing code and building applications you never thought possible. Learning how to code, however, is only one part of what you gain from Le Wagon. The other part is what makes the experience so special. It's the people. My batch was filled with some of the most intelligent, forward-thinking and all-round lovely people I've ever met. And, the teaching and management staff are nothing short of inspiring. Right from day one, a very warm and supportive, family-like vibe is created; for me, this is the best thing about the course. Even after you’ve finished, the Le Wagon alumni network is always somewhere you can look for advice, support and opportunities. My course ended at the beginning of December 2017 and by January 2018 I landed a job as a front-end JavaScript Developer. All in all, it took around 3 months to change my life. I owe it all to Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I had just graduated with a degree in biochemical engineering and was looking for something meaningful to do with my life. With little job experience, and a difficult field to join, it seemed like my situation was hopeless. Then... Read More I ran into a friend who recently completed a coding boot camp, and his life had completely changed from the experience. Freshly motivated, I spent countless hours of research looking into coding boot camps, which led me straight to Le Wagon. You could only imagine my thrill when I opened my email inbox and I had been accepted! After completing the program, a I can summarize my experience as the following:A) I was regularly challenged, which was extremely refreshing and motivational. B) I rediscovered my love for computers and coding. C) I got to live in my favorite city in the world, and experience various cultures and traditions which would’ve been impossible for me to do staying at home. D) I made new friends worldwide, the type that I’ll be friends with for life. E) I received THE best educational experience in my entire life. Filled with the most involved teachers, and motivated students.F) I joined the Le Wagon family. And it truly was just that, a family. If you’re looking for a change in your life, for a challenge, and something to inspire you to do something meaningful with your life, Le Wagon is the perfect place for you. My only complaint is that I wish I was still there. Hop on the Wagon, you won’t regret it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Dear Readers,For the sake of UX in reading my testimonials, I will write in bullet points.Degree: BA in architecture and economicsWork experience before joining Le Wagon:· teacher· account manager at SEO optimization firm· operations specialist at two... Read More global fast food chainsCoding experience: 0Main reason for joining Le Wagon:· I want to create social innovative projects and not be blindly and entirely reliant on outsourced developers· I want the freedom to create my own websites and express myself on the digital canvas as I wish· I believe being able to code a language will be as important as knowing how to speak English in the global market in the upcoming decade.· I took a few online courses but upon completion, I still didn't know how to implement what I just learned and didn't know how to troubleshoot by myself. The 3 big takeaways for me:· the understanding of core structure of coding languages· the ability to read error messages and able to find solutions online· the workflow required for a tech team to work efficiently and effectively The best things about Le Wagon:· the mentors genuinely want to help prepare you for your next career goal· the diverse backgrounds of the mentors and classmates made the learning experience more valuable· if you ever want to revisit your course materials, you can revisit the lecture slides and the video - lifetime access!· when you graduate, you become part of an ever growing network of Le Wagon alumni. Also, when you travel to another city, you might be able to find someone to have a drink with!!Lastly but most important note:THIS COURSE IS NOT FOR EVERYONE. It is very intensive. I strongly advise you not to juggle your job in the evenings or on the weekend. You will need your rest after a week of staring at screens all day. Don't join the program if you don't intend on prioritizing the learning experience as your #1 priority. Last two weeks are the project weeks where everyone will get to pitch an idea. Even if your idea doesn't get picked as one of the final projects, I assure you there are so many things you can learn in whichever role you end up with. During the 9 weeks, you are there to learn, NOT to launch a business. I wish you the best.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to joining Le Wagon, I was unsatisfied with my current job and unsure about which direction I wanted to go to in my life. Having previously had the chance to study coding but being unable to take it because I was moving out of the Philippines, I... Read More feel like I had missed out on the opportunity until I found Le Wagon in Tokyo. It was definitely one of the best decisions I have made. Upon starting the bootcamp, I was honestly very nervous and unsure. I had never had coding experience beforehand and I was afraid that I would lag behind everyone else. True, at the beginning, it was a struggle but when they say “at some point, it will click,” it really did. Being with so many other motivated individuals in such a diverse class with people from all over the world, it had become this fun adventure everyday. The challenges we were given throughout the bootcamp were indeed challenging but also taught me how to think logically and create good code. If there was something that I didn’t understand, there were always people there who could help me out and teach me. Towards the end of the bootcamp, we were tasked to create a working website. That was probably the best part of the program. Here, we were able to apply everything we had learned throughout the camp. Not only that, we were taught how to work as a team, together with the use of GitHub and Trello to simulate a real working environment. I feel like that in general was an important aspect of the camp. Overall, Le Wagon was all and more that it had promised. With a great curriculum, amazing teachers, and amazing students, it was the most fun I have ever had studying. From intense mornings and afternoons of coding to the late night drinking and karaoke sessions after a long week, to the hilarious Slack chats and the party parrot, there was never a dull moment when I took this camp.Read Less",le-wagon
"As most of natural Entrepreneurs, I was full of ideas and I liked to indulge in fantasy about striking a great product. Fill my head with make-believe online courses and tutorials in CSS, HTML, Javascript, Python, Ruby, etc. It was fun but no productive.... Read MoreI’ve worked in Investment Banking at Goldman Sachs for 4 years straight from a full year internship program into a great experience in New York working with great professionals who I really admire. I was working hard trying to place myself as a good employee and bringing new ideas to the table. However, the bank is Huge and meritocracy turned into long term career program. I wasn’t looking for that, I wanted to build from my own hands. Tried consulting for 2 years after Banking, got a great spot as leader in one the biggest success turnaround in Brazilian market helping companies negotiate more than 1bi brl in debt. I decided to start my own business in 2015. My goal was very simple, help fast growing business grow faster. Sounds controversial but in fact many business run out of cash during growing periods and that’s when I came in, providing cash flow in a smart and fashion way, no bureaucracy I promised.My first try was hiring a software company to start develop the product I was interested in. A kind of marketplace to help those growing business fund their invoices with better investors. I spent cash and time, nothing worked. My second try was to hire someone to start coding, during the interviews I was like “What I’m trying to evaluate here? I don’t even know why people keep repeating Java and Javascript, aren’t the same thing?”. Funny tough.So, 2017 was THE year. I started fulling myself of online courses, tutorials, books, podcasts etc. I created my very first website with HTML, CSS and a very little of Javascript (at that time I already knew the difference). Ok, now next step, create a web application, a real product! Nothing I was working with could push me from knowing syntax to create a real product. How to connect front-end to back-end? How to create good schemas and software architecture? No tutorial could teach me that in time. I was struggling.My Journey at Le Wagon BootcampRegularly getting earlier, preparing myself to day class, getting my buddies coffee (I confess, never prepared the coffee) and kept myself really motivated. Formula to success. I did everything I could, every minute I had I was studying (or relaxing to empower the brain). First two weeks we learned bunch of syntax in Ruby. After that we started working with databases and first concepts of CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete). Then, we moved forward to Front-end, really hands on techniques to faster your development. Our batch sticked together, as a team, helping each other evolve. Finally everything were put together, we started develop our first web application using Rails, magic happened. All preparations were meaningfully and every hour coding was worth it. At last 10 final days we had a challenge to build a product and show that product at Sao Paulo Google campus in a Open demoday to the community. If you want to check what we did, please check it out at www.advalori.com (if the link wasn’t online when you try to open it, its probably because we are launching our production version and going to the real market soon). You can watch our demoday in this link www.lewagon.com/demoday/106/advalori (in Portuguese).On a lighter note, I finished Le Wagon’s Bootcamp more motivated than ever, it really was 9 weeks that changed my skills set completely, I still working out to improve myself as I coder but now I know how to navigate in this open ocean. Thank you for reading this. If you see yourself in a similar situation, let’s chat. I will be happy to help.Read Less",le-wagon
"During my Business Administration &amp; Economics studies in Passau I missed the connection to the start up and technology world. I was missing a skill which was not taught in university. Being curious about the internet and online presence of companies,... Read More I have always been interested in the development of such things. A friend of mine told me about Le Wagon and there was no better starting point than after my Bachelor’s Degree. We both applied to Le Wagon in Lisbon and were happy to be both accepted for the bootcamp starting in September 2017. I didn´t really know anything about coding and what to expect from the bootcamp. My first steps in that direction took place with the prep work I needed to finish before the start of the bootcamp. I already experienced the feeling of highs and lows during the prep-work. With no background knowledge, I sometimes felt lost and then the exhilaration of being a ‘geek’ when I got what I had to do. When I arrived in Lisbon I got to meet all the other beautiful and very interesting people who decided to take on the same challenge as I did. There were people who already knew some coding and others who didn’t know a bit. The first two weeks of the bootcamp were the hardest for me. Back- end coding without seeing any output did not make sense at all for me but made me feel nerdy at the same time. After those two weeks we did a deeper dive into the different topics and languages of coding and I started to get the hang of all the concepts we learnt before, it was all making sense. The teachers and assistants were extremely helpful and available at all times during the day and even mentioned to be available outside the classes. I had highs and lows again, some days where I didn´t get a bit of what we were doing and others were I was able to help my colleagues. In the end, it was the most challenging and most interesting time I’ve had in the last few years. Everybody was able to create something beautiful and impressive after such a short time. It takes hard work and discipline to be really good, but it is the best school and system to learn how to code or to dive deeper if someone already knows how to code. No one is left behind and the teachers take time for everybody. Le Wagon was the best idea for me and my career. I have learnt a lot and now found something I really can see myself doing professionally and staying motivated with. It is a challenging bootcamp but it helps in professional growth and personal as well. All the important skills are brought to you through different experiences, tasks and events. Thank you very much to the whole team and batch #97 in Lisbon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon in October 2017 (#103). It's phenomenal. I built multiple web sites, various scripts and an Fb messenger extension (Kitty, it’s live, check it out). I still hang out with my team. Plus, I’m grateful to be teaching at the next batch.... Read More And I've set up a web dev agency.I’d done a fair bit of coding in C, HTML and generally just messing around as a teenager before. Never any Ruby though; nor had I talked to any developers before. I thought I might be ahead of my batch at the start. But it wasn’t an issue - the whole structure is quite relaxed. You can do extra exercises yourself, or spend time explaining code to your teammates (I found this surprisingly testing). Currently I feel confident enough to jump into conversations about software development and keep up.I had just finished PPE at Oxford and halfheartedly went through the corporate rigmarole. Then I came to Le Wagon. Now career fairs (for software developers) are a different ball game. They just let all their prerequisites slide and offer to interview there and then. If you’ve applied to law/MC/banks, the difference is *stunning*.Finally, the team is solid and energetic.So, if you’re dithering, it’s worth the $. I’ve just paid mine off from cryptocurrency, much of which I learnt from interested people on batch #103. I never would have found out about this stuff if I hadn’t attended. So, in short, 5 stars!Read Less",le-wagon
"Attending the 9-week coding bootcamp at Le Wagon Berlin was one of the best decisions I ever made because it changed my life. With a background in journalism and cultural analysis, I had no prior knowledge of coding. However, I wanted to change my career... Read More path and become a web developer. So when I stumbled across Le Wagon, I first went to all of the free workshops they offered and spoke to staff and alumni and then decided to join myself. The programme is very tough (hence bootcamp) but the curriculum is really well structured. You start by learning the basics of Ruby, HTML, CSS and JavaScript before moving onto the Rails framework. In the last three weeks, you build two projects in groups and present your final project at a demo day.I didn't believe it was possible to learn coding in such a short amount of time, but it is amazing to see what you are able to learn when you commit time and passion to it and have competent people to guide you. The teacher at Le Wagon do an incredible job teaching the complexity of web development to absolute beginners and I have experienced them to be always helpful, patient and encouraging.Apart from the technical aspects, le Wagon has an amazing community. Our driver, Philipp, and our main teacher, Alice, organised a lot of evening activities and also workshops or talks to introduce us to the Berlin start-up scene. I also became really good friends with the people in my batch as well as the teachers and TAs and everyone was motivating and encouraging each other. Even though the programme was tough, I loved being there to learn coding. I am now pursuing my career as a frontend web developer and will never forget the unforgettable time and fun I had at le Wagon. Thank you for everything!Read Less",le-wagon
"I really tought long about doing the bootcamp, due to the fact, that I‘m still a student studying industrial engineering, so I would have to skip more than 3 months of university. The whole semester would be a pain, because I would have to learn all subjects... Read More for the exams in half the time. But at the end the idea of being able to code and to create products and apps outweighed. My only worry was, to what extend we would be able to code a whole product on our own after it.Now that its over, I have to stay, I am more than impressed. I would never have imagined how much we would be able to lern at LeWagon in such a small period. Not only that we learned Ruby, html and Js to a pretty high level, we are also able to work us into new programming languages and systems in a short time. If you are participating at LeWagon you are not only learning the programming languages, you also learn the way to think and work as a software developer, in backend and frontend, which is by far more important in my oppinion. Now, sitting in the university and learning like crazy for all the exams, I dont regret the decision attending LeWagon at all. It was a great time with wonderful people, and definitly worth all the efforts.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am an American, and because of this many people have asked me why I chose Le Wagon. The answer for the choice is simple -- a friend with impeccable education credentials and an overall bad ass told me she felt ""Le Wagon was the best education experience... Read More you might ever have"". Here I am roughly one month after graduating the program and I concur with what my friend said. Overall the experience in Berlin was unforgettable and was really an on-ramp to a new way of life for me. After getting my MBA I worked at a renowned management consulting firm for 6+ years and worked heavily on systems and applications in the role of a product and project manager. I'd always felt vulnerability not being able to understand the back end or intelligently question my technical team members. I also had put a number of my entrepreneurial ideas on hold simply because I didn't know how to start. Le Wagon has changed both of these weaknesses for me and I feel newly empowered as a professional and a person. The curriculum is fantastic. Le Wagon runs their education much like a software product. They design, build, test, and refine ensuring that their education is current and continually optimized for the students. The first half of the bootcamp is intense. If feels like your brain is being shredded, you feel vulnerable, and question whether you can actually get it. Because the program is so well designed there are points where all of the things you did in the previous days suddenly make sense and you are able to start building your ideas. It is a grand feeling, and by the end while you will not be a top notch developer, you are equipped with the tools to keep at it and keep improving so that you can be if you so choose to take that path.Beyond the education Le Wagon creates an amazing community and you form a family with the people you attend with and learn from. I had so much fun over the course of the program and made friendships that I know will last a lifetime. Finally, I like the honesty of Le Wagon, they say it is for helping creative people learn how to code. There are no false promises about what employment you will get, or what super power you will acquire. It is known that what you are acquiring is the skill and knowledge to put you on a new trajectory if you have what it takes. As far as job support, as of this review there was no formal program, but in lieu of that there is an extremely supportive network of +2,000 alumni and very involved teachers that will help you as much as they can. I unhesitatingly recommend Le Wagon to anybody that wants to change their career path or improve their knowledge about technology. It is a great value for the money and an amazing experience that will empower you in the end. Thanks Le Wagon!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I never really had the courage to actually get behind a computer and start learning coding all by myself. I thought that would be super complicated and I wouldn't be able to comprehend anything. I started to search for schools that teach me all of this... Read More in the best way possible.The best approach for me to learn something is ""learning by doing"", so I searched for something doing just that. A bootcamp would've been ideal and so my journey started. I decided to take part in the 9-week coding Bootcamp of Le Wagon.I must say, at this point, it was the best decision I could've made.Just right from the first day everybody was very friendly. First thing in the morning was a lecture giving us students the knowledge we needed for the day. Most of the day we spent with coding together with another student (always someone else). During this time you had very friendly and capable teachers by your side and no matter the problem, they took their time to explain it, giving the optimal support to learn something completely new. In the evening all students came together again and started the live code. In it we all worked together on an exercise . This created a very nice and comfortable atmosphere.During the last two weeks we worked on projects. The projects themselves are created from scratch and based on everything taught during the bootcamp. Le Wagon provided us with the skills and the mindset shaping us into real web developers and with this knowledge we created some really amazing things.Le Wagon is undoubtedly an unforgettable experience and it also brings people from all over the world together.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was working on the business team of a Portuguese startup where most of my colleagues were developers. Being in that environment, I naturally started to grow an interest in coding.I tried some online courses but found it difficult to... Read More get the most out of them at home by myself. That’s when I first heard Shannon, Lisbon’s driver, in a talk about women in tech. I also had a good reference from a former Lisbon alumni.That summer I applied and quit my job. Though I was confident that learning to code was a good move, I did question myself about leaving a safe job for a new and unknown future.You might often read people saying that it was one of the best decisions in their lives. I can now say that that is not an overstatement. The bootcamp is really well planned for people from all different backgrounds. Yes, you will struggle, but that is the whole point. And there is always a teacher or a colleague to discuss the challenges with - that’s one of the most valuable sides of the bootcamp.Besides coding, there is a really interesting entrepreneurial mindset and you end up practicing really important social skills.In the end, you might still be a junior developer, but you will feel empowered enough to build you own web apps, apply to jobs or learn other languages.9 intense and very rewarding weeks that go by so fast. My recommendation: apply to Le wagon and just enjoy the ride.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having a background in law I had no idea of programming (besides some rudimentary HTML knowledge from school) and got to Le Wagon through their evening workshops. After my interest was sparked by these workshops I decided to go for the full-time bootcamp... Read More and I was not disappointed. The LeWagon Bootcamp is a thought through course from the didactical concept to the content of the lectures. Days start with a lecture in the morning followed by challenges which are solved by the students themselves. Thus, from day 1 you are challenged to solve problems and work practically. In the evening there is another live code session bringing together the whole group. The independent time is accompanied by teachers and teaching assistants who help with any upcoming question - a luxury you will not enjoy when learning on your own and which is extremely helpful as it speeds up your learning process.The structure of the classes do not only include coding basics but you also get taught in practical approaches on how to build a website from scratch. It was this holistic approach which convinced me choosing Le Wagon. This pinnacled in the two last weeks where you are building a website based on your idea from scratch. Additional to the curriculum we were provided with a lot of extra activities such as weekly talks with interesting persons from the scene, regular yoga classes and team building events. The people I have done the bootcamp with have become friends and besides the knowledge I gained it was also an incredibly fun time!Read Less",le-wagon
Only pros:Buddy system pushes engagement to the extremVery good TAsVery family like athmosphere,le-wagon
"Fantastic, exciting, rough, tiring ... and in the end an experience that exceeds all expectations!Before Le Wagon, I was Project Manager in the field of chemistry (nothing to do with IT), and at the same time, I was running a parallel startup project... Read More with two other coders. With the experience in the startup project which was complicated by my lack of computer skills, I decided to take accelerated training to understand the difficulties and challenges of software development. With Le Wagon, I not only gained an understanding ,but acquired advanced skills, a high level pedagogy and above all a dedicated team that surrounds you and advises you even after the end of the bootcamp.After 9 weeks of classes, I was able with classmates to develop a platform with online payments from A to Z (www.tribo.space). I am still impressed to see what Le Wagon has allowed me to learn in such a short time and especially with a business orientation because the goal is to offer entrepreneurs the technological skills to create their own web products!I recommend this school to anyone, whether entrepreneur or simply curious, as behind these doors opens another world with a fantastic Le Wagon community! THANKS GUYS!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was looking for a new career path and have always been attracted by logical stuff like web development.I didn’t want to go back to classes for years, I just wanted to learn quickly and with an intensive rhythm.I have chosen Le Wagon because of their... Read More entrepreneurship spirit, and I have not been disappointed a single time. I have followed Le Wagon classes 3 months ago in Bordeaux (batch 102), it rather changed my life.It’s been a really great experience, I met incredible people, and learned to code.Le Wagon is not just a tech school teaching you how to code and then leaving you alone in the dark with your computer. It’s teaching you THE state of mind, making you a real independent web developer. Teachers are really good in letting you understand by yourself and helping you acquire the right state of mind, making you a real independent web developer.You will be able to think, learn and develop all by yourself afterwards.Moreover, Le Wagon is a network, a real developer community, which will brings you help whenever you need it in your developer life.I have always been into sustainable development so I submitted a project idea about carbon footprint transportation compensation, and it has been chosen. So I developed the project with 2 other students for 2 weeks and could apply all what I’ve learned the past 7 weeks.Creating a complete web app from a simple idea, following every steps of the process and finally presenting it.. wahou!Hard to go back to the real world after 9 weeks like that. You just want to code again and again, improving yourself everytime, learning a new tech language etc.And that’s when you realize you’ve become a web developer thanks to Le Wagon Bordeaux.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before doing Le Wagon I was studying Mathematical Sciences at Stellenbosch University in South Africa. I did enjoy my course but I loved coding even more and so there was only one idea I had in mind. Finding a course where I could code everyday and have... Read More fun while doing it. I studied Java for three years at school. I also experimented with Swift, Xcode and Android studio in my spare time. But there was nothing out there that could make me learn fast enough, studying by myself. I thought that a bootcamp would help me get where I wanted to be and Le Wagon seemed like the perfect fit for me as I wanted to build and launch my own app. The course is really tough to begin with as you are learning a whole new language, but there are tons of teachers in the room always there to help and make you learn as quickly and as much as possible. I really cannot stress enough how helpful and supportive all the teachers are. Also the big difference that I found help me learn faster through the bootcamp as oppose to self-studying is that the bootcamp was so well structured. This allowed me to get all the basic building blocks right and in place so that I could build my very own web app by the end of the course.I ended up building my idea called Resort Runner, a SaaS platform for large hotels and beach resorts. I got the invaluable experience working in a team over three weeks and we built two amazing Apps in the last 3 weeks. I have continued building resort runner and hope to launch the application in the coming months. Le Wagon was an incredible experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Le Wagon London, I found it an extremely rich and structured course, supported by a great team of teachers.What I appreciated the most and still appreciate now that the course is finished, is having every lectures... Read More recorded and the materials supporting it available online. It’s particularly handy for reviewing forgotten or difficult parts.The community of fellow alumni and teachers on Slack is also a great place to find help to solve problems, hear about job opportunities and keep up with new technologies. I also appreciate having done all this projects during the course as I now can keep working on them on my own, adding features and keeping my GitHub contributions up!I strongly recommend Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked as a Product Manager for a PE fund for 2.5 years, but never knew how to code. I wanted to learn coding so that I could create my own prototypes and to better manage costs and timelines. I looked at a lot of courses and was worried they weren't... Read More business orientated enough. I saw the reviews for Le Wagon and was particularly interested in the business focus they have. The course is tough... it really is a bootcamp. That being said there were students of all levels, some who had HTML/CSS experience and others who had never worked on any aspect of an app before. By the time the project came along we all had skills needed to create the idea we wanted. My team made an activity booking app, I was honestly surprised by how much we were able to build in such a short time. If you are thinking of doing a bootcamp, I can't recommend this one enough. The community, teachers, events and support they give you is more than I had hoped for.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from an engineering school, I started to work for a big corporate as a project engineer but I quickly realized I was really bored, that’s why I started to look for a way to radically change my career path. I’ve always been interested... Read More in digital companies especially startups, and I was curious about programming. I wanted to fulfill my curiosity and to launch myself into something new, that’s why, in july 2017, I joined the 83th batch of Le Wagon Paris. It was one the best decisions I took : the courses, the teachers, the ecosystem, the alumni… were amazing. The program lasts for 9 weeks, the learning objective of the first 3 weeks is to master the basics of the Ruby programming language, then we learned database concepts, SQL language and frontend languages (HTML/CSS/javascript ES6). After that, we worked a lot with the framework rails that’s why we spent time to learn and practice the MVC pattern. During the last 3 weeks, we formed teams with 3 to 4 persons to work on 2 projects : a clone of Airbnb (1-week project) and our own team project (2-week project) . To help us define it, one day is dedicated to prototyping. I really loved the fact that we worked and learned in pairs during most of the day to promote assistance and to allow us to know each other before the 3 project weeks.I feel really grateful because Le Wagon made me want to keep programming that’s why I am going to start a new job as a junior ruby developer in a startup.Feel free to contact me on Linkedin, i’d be glad to give you more details about this experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I did Le Wagon in Paris nearly one year and half ago, so i think this delay have given me the time to see what are the benefits and drawbacks (and i do not see any) of such experience.First, i will summarize quickly the experience in itself because lots... Read More of people have already did it and my opinion will not vary from what the crowd usually says : Le Wagon is an outstanding experience, teachers are really well trained and the curriculum is always improved in a way that allows it to be reliable even after 4 years of existence. That being said, i will move to the ""after Le Wagon part"" because that is the kind of testimonial i was looking for when I was reading reviews before joining the bootcamp.When I joined Le Wagon, i was a classic business student without any professional experience even interships, it was at the beginning of my gap year. Havind coded a little bit when I was a kid and wanting to work in the tech industry, It was natural for me to learn to code that is why I joined Le Wagon. When I finished the bootcamp, I started to look for an internship and I was amazed by the pace of the process, it was really much faster than when i was searching before Le Wagon. I quickly realized that I had a big and scarce asset giving me a strong advantage in the labor market. So, I was now in the position to choose rather than in the applicant one.I joined an early-stage startup to do lots of things ranging from marketing, sales, and sometimes coding but I ended up coding like a full stack developer. At the end of my internship, I stayed three months more as a freelancer in this company which almost allowed me to pay back the investment of the bootcamp. Now I am finishing my sudies and will start to work but I am pretty confident in the future and like what I am doing. I will not look for a pure full stack developer job but rather in a position at the border between business and tech like growth hacker, product manager or even operations analyst. Those positions are, according to me, the best for a business graduate after Le Wagon because they are perfectly suited for our profiles. First, software developers usually do not compete for them and secondly, we are ahead in terms of hard skills over classic business schools graduates (knowing SQL and a script language is even sometimes mandatory).To conclude, the biggest benefit I got from Le Wagon was to get a singularity in comparison to the mass of business schools graduates. And when you have a singularity, it means less competition, higher compensations and more fullfilling jobs because you have more choices. So, what I expected from Le Wagon was exactly what I got. If you want to start the adventure, do not see it like an expense, It is definitively an investment and the ROI is phenomenal. For sure, we tend to see the absolute amount which seems huge at first, but, Le Wagon only cost me 16% of the cost of my business school but brought me much more than this number, think of it !Jean de ColombelRead Less",le-wagon
"Hello i’m Michael and i’d like to share with you my experience with the 9 weeks training course at LeWagon Bordeaux in April and May 2017. (batch #67)Before, I used to be the CEO of a startup for 4 years with a web platform in education. During these... Read More 4 years , I have been struggling to find a good CTO for my startup. I could not find partners so i had 2-3 employees or i had to deal with web agencies and freelance developers. It cost me so much money. After this experience i thought it would be better for me to enhance my skills in development to be able to manage technical development in a better way. I needed a short time intensive training. I was in Bordeaux and i googled that and found Le Wagon Bordeaux training. I chose Le Wagon because i wanted to develop complex website, true apps ! And 2 amazing months started !While i was managing developers during 4 years, there was so many languages, technologies, systems (front, back, database, servers…) that i thought it would take me several years to be an average app developer.I wish i would have done Le Wagon training 4 years earlier, i would have saved more than a hundred thousand of euros in development, and so much time !The training at LeWagon is intense but pedagogy is fun : you do not spend 7 hours a day in a seat watching and listening to a teacher showing you how to code. Hopefully not !!! Each day, the morning start with 1 hour of lesson, then at LeWagon they have their own learning managing platform where you can access a video of the lesson if you missed something or you need to check the course at home or later (available all your life) and you access to all progressive challenges of each day. And that’s how you day is so nice and goes so fast : it’s all about personal challenges, games, and the system have automatic feedback. You work with another student different each day. It’s your buddy :) And if you’re lost, or need help, a teacher is available to help you so you will not be stuck. At the end of the day a collective session of 1h30 will show an answer to a challenge or to a technical exercise.You will also test what you know with flashcard quizzes everyday. So it’s an intense immersive process, fun, collaborative and active.I love it ! Moreover, the team is nice, so you make good friends also and sometimes barbecue, wakeboard or party with your new mates or teachers.After 7 weeks you are able to code a small app like a simple air bnb app, front and back with database ! That’s amazing ! The last 2 weeks you code your own minimal viable product app in team and you make it available for all the world on a server !So many skills in such a short time : that’s LeWagon. Because i had managed developers before and because i faced organizational, product conception or technical problems before, i really noticed and appreciated that our lead teacher (so fun and skilled !) gave us the best convenient practices even when designing a simple but smart UX interface. So you’re even given good practices if you want to build a startup.What i can do now ? Code my own app alone from scratch in a short time, put it on a cloud server, and i can also improve my skills alone because i have the right basis. I decided to be a freelance after that. So the training gave me more than just learning to code i can now code my own projects or find a job.For me Le Wagon training is a great experience, a great learning. If you’re motivated and you want to be able to develop by yourself or get a job, if you like challenges, it will bring you to a next level and you’ll get rewarded !MichaelRead Less",le-wagon
"After working for the government for a few years, I realized it really wasn't what I wanted for a career. After plenty of thought I knew I wanted to join the tech world, more specifically I wanted to become a developer. After countless hours of research,... Read More the answer seemed obvious: a coding bootcamp. But which one? I read so many reviews, contacted the coordinators, wrote many pros and cons lists and the solution became quite clear: Le Wagon in Montreal. The second that I contacted MG (the co-founder of Le Wagon Montreal), I knew it was the right fit for me. Throughout the 9 intense weeks, we were continuously supported and encouraged by MG and the rest of the Le Wagon team (even people from far away!). The bootcamp exceeded every expectation I had. The structure of the days was perfect, the pace of learning was great and the teachers/TAs were exceptional. My favorite part was definitely the final project- where we were encouraged to push ourselves to learn and grow both individually and as a team. And it didn't stop after the 9 weeks. I am now a part of a community the spreads worldwide. I have developed friendships and networks that will last a lifetime. I highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone looking for a positive career change. It's definitely not easy, but if you are ready to put in some work I'm sure you will surprise yourself with how much you can learn in 9 weeks!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was an amazing experience in terms of quality and human experience.Before Le Wagon, I worked as Innovation project manager at Sephora for 3 years. I worked with developers to build app and products. But big problem: I had never written one line... Read More of code in my life, so I was completely depending of them and we didn't ""speak"" the same language, so for them and I, it was not confortable at all. So, become autonomous, understand this language of the future, and be able to build my own web app was my challenge. I heard about Le Wagon from some friends who made it. So I have decided to integrate it. The week before my first day at LeWagon, I asked myself if I was sure to pay that amount for a training which I didn't know if I'll be able to understand and enjoy this obscure language. And after the 9 weeks of bootcamp, I can tell you that I'm so glad to have joined LeWagon. I think this is one of the best investment I have made.You need to know it is not an easy experience. You need to be ready to work hard and learn to take a step back because you'll learn lot of things in a very short time. So sometimes, you can loose your confidence in yourself. But, trust in your teachers, and this amazing bootcamp because it works, and I was very proud to learn that fast. Now, I'm working on website development with another Le Wagon alumni from my batch before to create my own project. So, if you want to learn coding but are still hesitating, I highly recommend Le Wagon!!!!Be ready to work, and share an amazing experience !!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I followed the bootcamp at Wagon Bordeaux (France), Batch #102 in autumn 2017.My work experiences always turned around business development and marketing. Over the years I was more and more interested in the digital. My curiosity urged to me to learn... Read More a little the front end: HTML and CSS. I decided to be a freelancer as digital consultant at the beginning of 2017. I accompany startups and small and medium company in their digital strategy and the design of small website with Wordpress.I knew the Wagon Bordeaux for 2 years but I didn't know if this Bootcamp could suits me. It was thanks to an interesting opportunity that I realized that the Bootcamp Fullstack Developer was the key to answer to a customer need.The objective being to develop a collaborative platform from scratch. The Bootcamp simply changed my life and my way of thinking. The team of Bordeaux is very professional and especially in the listening. The first days I thought of having made a mistake about my choice. But the support of the professors allows us to keep heading because the training is intensive and the personal investment is very important.I had a click at the end of 3 weeks when I really fell in love with the code. A day without coding becomes frustrating.The more weeks passed and the more I felt at ease. I felt that I very fast developed skills. No training or experience in my life gave me the opportunity to learn a new job so fast.It's clear that the quality of the knowledge, the exercises and especially the team allows who wishes it to change job, life.The world of developers is very open. We find a mutual aid as there anywhere else.At the end of 6 weeks we were capable of making a copycat of Airbnb. And during the weeks project we developed a platform, named Bootcampers, allowing freelances to find development missions without caring about administrative procedures or about the negotiation with a customer thanks to the implementation of a project manager within Bootcampers. This one has a major role of intermediation. What returned the project more complex and very interesting to develop.Today I am always a freelancer, as Fullstack Developer Junior and Digital Consultant, I work with my customers and soon again thanks to these new skills. I am now capable to develop a landing page in a few days from scratch and I am working on the development of the future platform. Shall have never been all this possible without the Wagon Bordeaux.Read Less",le-wagon
"I recently graduated from LeWagon Chengdu (batch#114) and I have to admit that I was pleasantly surprised by the level I reached in these short 9 weeks. Being familiar with Python (for Data Science), I was not completely new to programming but I was far... Read More away from being able to code a full-fledged web-app. I actually enjoyed the first few weeks which are supposed to be for ruby “basics” but ended up being extra challenging with optional/teacher challenges and helping my classmates with their exercise. I really like the fact that there was something to learn in the first few weeks for both total beginners (ie: I never wrote a line of code) and more experienced beginners (ie: I can write simple scripts). Also, the localization of the curriculum was awesome and we learnt how to make WeChat (think Facebook, PayPal and the App Store mixed in one app with a penetration rate over 80% of smartphone users in China) Mini-Programs and allowed us to create and present mini-programs as our final project. I learned a LOT during these 9 weeks and I made awesome and like-minded friends. If you are not ready to give 110% to the bootcamp to learn, do not waste your time and money. On the other hand, if you are ultra-motivated, want to be challenged every day and make a difference, I would recommend Le Wagon Chengdu!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is the second bootcamp that I have attended and they are hands down the best. They cultivate an extremely supportive learning environment. The teachers and administration genuinely care about the happiness and success of their students. The program... Read More is very logically organized and the online tools to support learning outcomes are terrific. Despite the many personal obstacles I faced during the program, I was able to learn the material and develop marked confidence in my skill level. I can't say enough good things about the program. If you are considering Le Wagon, commit. You will not regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a background in design and working mostly with HTML and CSS, I wanted to hone my back-end development skills more. As such, I began to look at various coding bootcamps and encountered Le Wagon after reading rave reviews and receiving a recommendation... Read More from a friend. After applying and going through the requisite steps, I soon I found myself on a plane to Tokyo for nine thrilling weeks. And I'm very satisfied with my decision to attend the bootcamp with Le Wagon Tokyo! It resulted in rounding out my web development skill set and making connections with a delightful, supportive group of people who enjoyed their memes and emoji. Speaking of, the party parrot emoji best summarizes my experience at Le Wagon Tokyo. Take a look at nearly any message in our Batch #94 Slack channel and you'll see the party parrot reaction emoji bobbing away with enthusiasm. The program made learning the full-stack of web development really fun and I felt very connected to my classmates, teachers, and staff. The material we learned from lectures, comprehensive resources, and coding exercises culminated as a group project where we really applied ourselves to build a Ruby on Rails prototype website from scratch. The Le Wagon community is truly what made the experience a memorable one--we were all in this together with the support from everyone!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was an amazing experience, first a human one but also because we left it with so many useful skills for our future. Montreal is a wonderful city where we have rapidly become familiar and comfortable in a very tech neighborhood filled with so... Read More many startups and entrepreneurs. It was easier to adapt ourselves to this new language because we were surrounded from day one with incredible teachers, patient and passionate about coding. I recommend this bootcamp for anyone who would like to change their lives because it did change mine, and especially in Montreal.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I first started researching Le Wagon, I grew suspicious of all the 5 star reviews. Surely somebody would have at least one less positive comment or nitpick about something they disliked. Now that I’ve finished the 9 week trajectory, I fully understand... Read More the glowing positive reviews that Le Wagon has received.My main goal for doing a bootcamp was to accelerate my learning process and move into a career as a software developer. The Le Wagon curriculum is perfect for this purpose because it gives you a lot of knowledge in very short period of time. The structure of the lessons makes complete sense and the build up to the final project with smaller projects is well thought out. The times I got stuck solving a challenge or implementing a feature in my project, there were always plenty of teachers and teacher’s assistants to help me out.After finishing the bootcamp I feel much more confident as a developer and even though there’s still a lot to learn, I know I’m able to find the solution for any issue I might encounter.The added bonus I wasn’t expecting is the amazing sense of community that Le Wagon provides. I have made friends for life during the bootcamp that include students, teachers and alumni. The Le Wagon experience doesn’t end with the bootcamp: the first 9 weeks are only the beginning.Read Less",le-wagon
"I worked for more than 5 years as a Graphic Designer in Milan until I moved in Dubai. After my experience of 16 months in UAE as Unreal Developer, I understood how important it was for my profession to move into a different and more interesting area.... Read More I fell in love with coding after discovering the power and creativity of Javascript, but at the same time the growing demand for skills related to web development was a further stimulus to apply for this new challenge.So I decided to find the best and most complete bootcamp in Europe and one of the best in the world, and after a long search I selected Le Wagon thanks also to a complete program.Why Amsterdam? Because it is the third most important city in the world for the IT and creative industries. It is also a dynamic and innovative city.The coding bootcamp was the best learning experience of my life and one of the best experience on a human side. In Le Wagon I found what I was looking for. An environment full of motivation, an extremely rich and structured course, supported by a clear and rich platform of content. Everything is planned to give you the best tools to face this challenge. But the best part of the course are the teachers and the perfect management of the driver. The first week was a little bit frustrating, because everything was new to me, but due to the clear and well structured lectures and explanations I was able to learn everything. Also the continuous support of the brilliant teachers was very beneficial to my learning curve. The teachers, lectures, course material, platform - it is a perfect machine where every attention is focused on your learning curve and progression. On the human side it was an amazing experience: wonderful people from all over the world with different background and different motivation. Thanks to the working method, you have the chance to know each person every day, and share your experience and your skills. After these intensive weeks I really feel comfortable with front-end and back-end, and I have finally a complete and attractive job profile. As a designer I discovered a new world of powerful tools thanks to which I can have fun and be creative, and maybe mix some other designer skills. Anyway after two months I finally found my place in the world: despite the numerous job offers I receive, I'm looking to open my own company. So if you are looking to change your life, if you are looking to improve and enrich your skills, or if you are just looking for an awesome experience, don't hesitate. Just do it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Exelente formation, terribly effective, 9 weeks of happiness with a great team",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon, I worked as a manager of Bridge SE team of Software development company in Vietnam. I started my career as web/mobile project manager but I always was struggling with my lack of technical skills/knowledge working with developers. ... Read MoreWhen I decided to back to Japan to gain more experiences in the Japanese market, I luckily found Le Wagon Tokyo. One of the biggest reason that I chose it was because all the program of Le Wagon proceeds in English. (The second biggest reason is the reputations on the internet). For that reasons, I made my choice to jump into the most challenging environment.Even though I’ve been in the software industry and I knew some concepts to make web applications, the first week of the program was the hardest time for me. It took time getting used thinking like a programmer and writing codes but thanks to the great help from the skilled teachers and the teaching assistants, I gradually started loving coding. The final project was the best thing in the program. Although I have participated in the project as a project manager before, it was my first time for me to be in a team as a developer and develop our own product.It was really challenging to build a website within 2 weeks from scratch but working as a team to build a “real” product was the best learning experience in my life.After graduation, I'm back to the previous working company as the same role, project manager utilizing the skill of full stack developer. I do recommend Le Wagon if you want to learn to code. It is literally GREAT and I’m sure you will gain unforgettable experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I can't recommend this place enough. If you're looking for an amazing bootcamp that is worth the money, go to Le Wagon. You won't regret it.Let me tell you about my experience. My initial background was alternative well-being and beauty. I had an accident... Read More a year ago and I could not practice any more. I wanted to retrain.My dream was to invent alternative software for all but I lacked tools and skills. So I wanted to learn how to code. Le Wagon has welcomed this dream, and helped me make it come true. At the beginning it was really difficult for me, but the teachers were there to take care of each one of us. In Le Wagon no question is stupid, and whenever time permits Kevin, Joseph and the TAs will show you how to do what you have struggled to do. 99% of the stuff taught to me was totally new – and the approach to how we were taught was just fantastic.The goal was always to make it as a team. Even within the batch we had each other’s back. And this team spirit, we’ve learnt it there. The course may be tiring. But it's not boring. you will learn a heck of a lot. The 9 weeks gave me a solid foundation of ruby-on-rails, javascript and of course CSS and HTML but Le Wagon it’s not only about learning new languages, it’s all about learning how to learn. After this bootcamp, you’ll never feel that you are out of solutions. The final project is an amazing experience. It challenged me in ways classic exercises couldn't : working with my peers, inventing a project, managing time, presenting the result the best way you can and at the end being proud!Before coming here I thought I knew what I wanted – to learn how to code – but I have discovered so many other roles in the web universe that resonate with me, it has completely changed my direction. I have discovered an absolute fascination with all this creative world.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was doing my under graduate degree in computer science. Although I already knew some java, I was not getting it fast enough and as time passed I was losing interest in my degree.Le Wagon’s boot camp was presented to me as an opportunity... Read More to achieve the goals that I wanted to gain in my computer science degree. The boot camp not only gave me that, but it gave me so much more. In the end, when we look back and realise all the gaps that we had prior to Le Wagon, we understand what an accomplishment in our lives it was to do the course. In general, it gave me the bigger picture of what it is to work in teams, in 5 different programming languages that have more power that we could imagine and, most of all, an introduction to the world of web development.The teachers, drivers and teacher’s assistants were amazing and I studied alongside some wonderful people whom I still keep in touch with. The pace of the program is very fast which makes the 9 weeks very intense. Even though the time is short when you consider how much you have to learn, the structure of the day ensures you get time to practice extensively.I’m currently working on some products with two other guys that did Le Wagon with me and we are still building our web applications in Ruby on Rails (not Java!). I recommend Le Wagon to anyone that wants to learn to code!Manuel Maria da Fontoura SepúlvedaRead Less",le-wagon
"Willem Poghisyo van Klinken - Le Wagon, Amsterdam (batch 99)My background: I had been working as a chef over the past 8 years or so, and although I enjoyed this very much, this was never my true passion. I knew I was interested in coding (and the computer... Read More sciences) but I found it a little overwhelming on where to start. With so many different blogs and mini courses online I found it difficult to know on what to focus on and start with. After starting a few, then stopping for a while before going back to them and trying again, I realized that this approach was not going to work for me. I needed a little help and support to guide me on this new direction I was interested in. I was advised that a boot-camp course was probably the best way to do this, and after researching the possibilities, I selected the what seemed to be the best choice for me.  Enter Le Wagon.    What Le Wagon did for me: In Le Wagon I found exactly what I had been looking for. A well-structured course delivered by some extremely motivated and talented teachers and teaching assistants. The platform that we used, for our knowledge acquisition and daily challenges is very well designed, and provides you with exactly the resources needed to approach each days topics. With even additional challenges for the very motivated/skilled it caters to all levels of abilities and keeps everyone interested. The paired buddy system, taught me how to collaborate and work with anybody I was assigned with, which will no doubt be very useful in my future coding career. Although the course is delivered at quite a high pace, you have access to all these resources even after the course, allowing you to go back and review some topics that you may wish to have spent a little more time on. I really think Le Wagon found the 'sweet spot' with the amount of knowledge delivered and the pace of the course, constantly keeping me motivated and on my toes, but never overwhelmed.    What I hope to do with it now: I feel extremely comfortable, not only in the knowledge that Le Wagon has already provided me, but in the skills and abilities I have picked up along the way that will help me continue my development in coding. I am now far more aware on how to tackle and approach new topics I am interested in. I have an abundance of resources at my fingertips, not to mention an amazing network of extremely helpful and knowledgeable alumni to call upon if needed. I will definitely continue developing myself in this field, and hope to find a job in a company to help with this, but there is also a chance I might team up with some of my class mates to start our own web development company which would be absolutely fantastic, to keep the Le Wagon feeling alive!   If you are reading this, contemplating on whether this boot-camp is worth it or not, my only advise is hesitate no longer. You will learn an incredible amount, and have such amazing fun doing it. Le Wagon delivers above and beyond 'what it says on the box'. My only regret is that those 9 weeks went by so quickly, I wish I was still there. Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I worked as a procesmanager. My colleagues created IT solutions for different clients and during the building process I was fascinated about the different lines of code on their computer. In my younger years I never did anything with... Read More coding and therefore I felt that I would never be able to understand what these programmers where doing. But Le Wagon convinced me that everybody can learn code and they were right!The first weeks are intense but gradually the bits and pieces come together. Looking back; I now have a much better understanding of the bigger picture of web development and programming. My new skill set has opened so many doors. Also I met a lot of interesting people during and after the bootcamp. The community of alumni’s, teachers and students is truly remarkable. The bootcamp is also well organized and the teachers/staff really care about their students.I’m currently setting up my own start-up with the two people from my final project. After the bootcamp we decided to continue with the idea and we are currently finalizing the product; just a couple of months after the bootcamp. My experience at Le Wagon has been truly amazing. Whether you want to become a developer, improve your IT knowledge or start your own start-up, I would highly recommend to join Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to take a gap year before university and learn to code. Joining Le Wagon Lyon (batch #109) helped me do just that and it ended up being one of the best decisions I have ever made.The admission process was very efficient. After applying on Le... Read More Wagon's website, I received a call from the driver within hours and a Skype interview was set a few days later. No experience in code was required, I just had to complete a prep-course to build a basic understanding of programming before blasting off at the start of the actual course.The 9 weeks are perfectly structured. Each morning starts with an hour and a half long lesson followed by a full day of challenges. A different working buddy is assigned each day which gives everyone a great opportunity to get to know each other, work in teams and discover different ways to complete a challenge. There are even some bonus exercises for the ones who have gone through the regular set and want to explore more. The livecode at 5:30 helped us dig deeper in the challenges of the day and often gave us a different, more efficient, approach to solving the problem. On Thursdays we had an hour of yoga in the afternoon - a very enjoyable and relaxing break between coding sessions.The teachers are incredibly skilled and excellent instructors / mentors. There was always a teacher or teaching assistant ready to help me when I was stuck in a challenge. The support and guidance I received from the team as whole, driven by a passionate and very considerate driver, was amazing.The course is extremely intense and the learning curve is steep. We were already able to code small programs at the end of the first week. Each day was packed with key knowledge that was sometimes hard to fully digest but the teachers were always there to make sure we had a clear understanding and were not overwhelmed before moving onto the next step. In 2 short months, I gained an in-depth grasp of back end (Ruby on Rails) and front end programming (HTML, CSS and JavaScript).The last 3 weeks, dedicated to real-life projects, were probably the most exciting of this already amazing course. From week 7 onwards we teamed up in groups of 3 to 4 for a 1-week long Airbnb-like project and a 2-week long project of our choice. The first one introduced us to web projects in teams and the end result of our 5-day long projects was already pretty impressive. Now, the second one gave us an opportunity to go all-out, improve our coding skills and be the most creative. I worked on Lovify (lovify.top), a dating app which finds you your perfect music match through your Spotify listens. I had a lot of fun implementing everything I had learnt throughout the course, playing with Ruby on Rails and working with a fantastic team. I am really proud of what we have achieved through this fully functional app and it was a pleasure to present it during the DemoDay.More than just learning to code in Ruby, Le Wagon has taught me how to improve my coding skills myself and explore new languages. I also got to meet really interesting and motivated people, some of whom have become very close friends, and build a strong network. The support certainly does not stop once the bootcamp ends as the team and alumni continue to help us professionally, to find a job, internship, freelance work or become an entrepreneur.The course is tiring and requires a lot of hard work during long days but the friendly and supportive atmosphere along with the skills gained make it 100% worth it.Le Wagon has been the most educational and enriching experience of my life. I am looking forward to make use of everything I have learnt thanks to this bootcamp in my future studies and career. I completely recommend Le Wagon to anyone interested in web development, wether you want to become a full-time programmer or build technical skills the startup way!Read Less",le-wagon
"I just finished the training of batch 109 of Lyon.The courses were of an incomparable quality and accessible to all, for beginners as well as for the most experienced.The Driver is cool and makes you feel good. By offering yoga classes at the same time... Read More and bringing us sweets and fruits.The teachers are attentive and present, they give us the necessary tools for our autonomy. They are both serious and welcoming.It is a very good experience. I highly recommend Le wagon because they also organize talks, to insert us into the professional world.Being a beginner is not a problem we work every day with a different buddy, the work platform is clear and intuitive, accessible for life.They help us if we want it.In 2 months I am impressed by the deepening of skills.I've learn many languages (Ruby, Rails,Html, javascript, Css ...) so why hesitate?Once you're part of Le Wagon you're on the rails ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was working in investment funds where I had the opportunity to meet amazing entrepreneurs and after some time I felt that I wanted to be more than a finance guy. I started to think about creating a company but I was clearly lacking the... Read More development skills. That’s why I decided to join Le Wagon’s bootcamp and it’s one of the best decisions I ever made.The organization of the entire bootcamp is optimized to learn as much as possible in only 9 weeks. It was really intense but every day you know why you study because you directly apply it during the exercises. Alsol, the pair working is an incredible way to learn faster and better because your buddy can find the proper way to explain things to you and when you are the one explaining you will learn even more by teaching. The teachers were also the main pillar of this bootcamp, both during lectures of the morning and to help during the challenges of the day. These six weeks are perfectly designed to constantly increase in skills to be ready for the 3 weeks of project.The first week project on the Airbnb clone was an incredible way to observe how much we learned since the beginning of this experience and looking back it’s quite impressive. Our project for the last two weeks was in the hospitality sector. With other 3 students we built a complete tool for hotel managers to manage their employee’s shifts in the simplest possible way. These two last weeks were the most impressive part of the bootcamp because in this short period our team has been able to build a professional tool, something that I thought impossible before starting the bootcamp. Apart the pure technical part, working as a team is a real challenge and I learned so much through that experience.Therefore, Le Wagon has given me all the tools that I ever dreamed of to be able to work as a developer and start building my own startup.Read Less",le-wagon
"After a business school and 5 years in a big corporation, I realized that I had no technical skills to launch my own business. Thanks to Thibault Genaitay - Shanghai’s driver and former classmate - and Baptiste Perrin -Lyon alumni-, I joined le Wagon... Read More Bootcamp, and it totally worth it.The first two weeks demand some courage. You learn the basics of language without really understanding where you’re going. But all along the training, you start to see the big picture, and when you start Rails everything gets clear.On top of a strong technical program – ruby/activerecord/html/css/js -, you learn how to practically develop and launch a project – github/postgreSQL/heroku -, and cherry on the cake how to work in teams - thanks trello and gitkraken - through 2 great projects (3 weeks in total).The organizing team is perfect, the teachers are even better than you can imagine, always available and with strong pedagogy skills.I’m confident I’ll find a job as full stack developer in the next weeks, and be able to launch my own project in the next few years.I strongly recommend le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve worked with tech startups, non-profits, and founded my own e-commerce company. I studied economics and law at university, and not studying computer programming was always a regret. I have spent a lot of time trying out various online coding courses... Read More on Codeacademy, Udemy and Udacity, but I still couldn't build anything by my own beyond basic HTML, CSS commands. I decided to take a leap of faith and go all in for the adventure of learning how to code, and applied to Le Wagon London, all the way from New Delhi,India. And the risk paid off- the 9 weeks at Le wagon completely rewired my brain. It doesn’t happen overnight and there aren’t any shortcuts, it takes a while to start thinking as logically as a programmer. The first few weeks were intense and challenging for me. I left University 5 years ago and the first 2 weeks were a struggle to get to re-learning like a student again. But the staff at Le Wagon London- the amazing teachers, TA’s and the city manager,Edward, are absolutely incredible. I chose Le Wagon based on their reviews online at Switchup, and some overly positive reviews left me wondering if they were even that good. Now I know why some folks sounded so excited, as they really are THAT good.The team support is unparalleled and they pushed us to learn beyond what I imagined was possible in 9 weeks. The culture of constant learning at Le Wagon stands out, and everyone in their team goes above and beyond their roles to ensure each and every one of us learns at the bootcamp. I fell in love with backend development: the logic behind Ruby which always pushes my brain to think better. Thank you Le Wagon, grateful to be a part of something so life changing. If you’ve always wondered what it would be like to code, even if you’ve not written a line of code, apply now and watch the magic unfold.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before le Wagon I was product manager in a startup in Lyon, working with a dev team and struggling because I had no skills at all in code to understand them and their way of working.I decided to join le Wagon thanks to all the positive reviews and it... Read More was really worth it.9 weeks at le Wagon Lyon have been an unforgettable experience. Everyday starts with a 1,5 h lesson and then you work with your buddy in coding challenges. At the end of the day a live code session make you see another way of coding and go further.The teachers and teacher assistants are excellent and you can always find someone to help you if you're stuck in a challenge. The platform and tools are very complete and adapted to all levels. With no experience at all in code and in only 9 weeks I've learned Ruby, html, css, js, rails and all the best practices and built a real app from scratch with my team.Also big up to the city manager who always takes care of his alumni and organizes a lot of events for us. I strongly recommend !Read Less",le-wagon
"Sounds cliché but thats my real experience.After trying to become a full time web developer for years I have finally been able to shift careers.The workload is intense and far exceeded my expectations, since I had some experience in development (mainly... Read More databases) still it was so challenging that it made me fall in love with programming again. Also all the friends I have made during the bootcamp is something I will hold dear for ever.Best training investment I have ever done! Completely recommend!Read Less",le-wagon
"I entered Le Wagon with a single goal, changed my career after more than 11 years working with marketing.I was already playing with html and css and had done some codeacademy tracks, but the frustration always came when I tried to create something from... Read More scratch, outside the tutorials ... I just could not do it. After much research, I understood that the best way to change career fast was through a Bootcamp. I needed a course that would teach me why and how things worked and especially how to think like a programmer, work like a programmer and attack problems with a different mindset from a marketing planner. I need practical, day to day knowledge to be able to succeed as a web developer. Le Wagon gave me all this and more! I finally understood how to connect one thing with another and everything started to make sense. I developed skills in 9 weeks that alone might never have been possible, or would have only after a long time. The methodology is very well built, the experience is mind-blowing, rewarding and challenging but the great triumph is the people. Friends who struggle with you every afternoon to solve the challenges, the fantastic teachers who are always willing to ensure that we learn the concepts and THE community that generates a very important networking for those who want to enter this career or launch a new project.It was this networking that gave me two internships (France and Holland) after only 3 months of graduation. Today I work as a Full Stack Ruby on Rails Developer freelancer for these two startups.If I had known that I would have changed my life so much in such a short time, I would have done it sooner!Read Less",le-wagon
"Being already a Computer Science student before joining the Le Wagon, I had some doubts about ""how can a beginners bootcamp help me improve, and prepare me to really be a programmer?"" Well in the first week all my doubts were lost. I learned more in the... Read More first 3 days than in 3 years at university. They teach in a much more personal way, nobody is left behind and they treat each student as an individual!But Le Wagon bootcamp is not only about coding. I also learned how to transform my ideas into projects, and my projects into a business!I only have nice things to say about the staff! All teachers and TA's were amazing, ready to help us with every little doubt and always ready to party! They really enhance the team spirit and keep us fresh during all the 9 weeks, and that's amazing!Read Less",le-wagon
"9 weeks of intense coding on Le Wagon is what got me a job as a backend programmer.A bit of context, previous to the bootcamp I had worked with video-games as a game designer, and I fiddled a bit with programming here and there, but nothing too serious.... Read MoreI grew uneasy with my career and I decided to make a shift from designer to programmer, and through searches online I came to find Le Wagon.The 9 weeks that followed gave me just the right amount of knowledge, a solid foundation of ruby-on-rails, javascript and git workflow, skills that almost any startup is in dire need of, knowledge that got me a job as a jr. backend programmer at a really exciting startup. Moreover, I got to meet some really passionate, professional people that are now good friends of mine and that certainly will be of utmost importance for my career in programming.The key take-away is that Le Wagon has an immaculate course structure and class methodology, paired with great teachers that will promptly help you during and after the 9 weeks of the course.I most certainly recommend this bootcamp to anyone, wether you want to become a full-time programmer or just get a better grasp of the subject.Read Less",le-wagon
"Since I opened my own business two years ago and got involved with the development of my website and everything that involves it (SEO, mailchimp, design), I find myself increasingly interested in web product development. I started to learn how to code... Read More on my own with online courses until I met a friend's friend that told me she studied for 4 months and had already got a job. What's your magic i asked her? She did Le wagon at Rio de Janeiro and guess what? 2 months later I found myself in London starting Le Wagon Bootcamp. Honestly, even though I have heard great things, I enrolled in the course fearing of not learning much (after all I barely spoke English). At first it was really hard and I was thinking I wasn't learning but after 2 or 3 weeks everything started to make sense. I really liked the program flow. Everything on the course is well organized, morning lectures, the buddy system and revising exercises. Besides that the teachers were amazing, always open to questions and patient with my mistakes.To finish is important to talk about how I felt the last night of the bootcamp.The final project was a big deal, I worked on Nathalia's dream project and it was tough. 2 weeks working non stop: me, Nathalia and David with teachers and TA's helping, finishing with the project's presentation with all our friends and family there went so well! I felt amazing! It was not easy, but it was worth!Read Less",le-wagon
"As a computer science student, I didn't think Le Wagon Montreal would have much to offer me since it was only a 9-week coding bootcamp. I thought it would be only a shallow knowledge for those who'd never coded before. Boy, was I wrong!The course is extremely... Read More well made for both beginners and more advanced students. The attention they give for each individual is amazing, the environment is extremely calm and good (which is important, since we spend long hours of sometimes frustrating code), the people are amazing (both teachers and students) and it's a complete course without being so fast-paced, despite the short length. For those willing to learn how to build a good website from scratch (either knowing how to code or not), Le Wagon offers you everything you can hope for and more, with tech talks, networking, funny internal events and, by the end of it, projects that you wouldn't believe you'd be able to do 9 weeks before you started it. I'm really glad I applied to it and strongly recommend everyone with interest to apply as well.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to Le Wagon, I would often get frustrated with my total dependency on developers even for quick fixes on the website as an e-commerce manager. Now, after only 9 weeks of coding at Le Wagon, I feel empowered. Not only I managed to acquire technical... Read More skills, but I also gained self-confidence. It was a life-changing course.Le Wagon is an amazing organization full of friendly and helpful staff. The teaching assistant to student ratio is great, so you get full support throughout the course. The program is set in a very entrepreneurial environment with many bright and interesting students. Through Le Wagon, you also get an access to an ever-growing network of like-minded alumni. I seriously did not want the bootcamp to end.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was at first very unsure on what bootcamp and city to choose. I chose Le Wagon Lille because I heard it was good and I also read more review like you are doing now.I especially loved how Le Wagon has amazing learning materials, and the great level of... Read More difficulty, not so easy, but not impossible for whom is willing to work. I am guessing that they choose their student well. They were 19 student for like up to 4 teacher all day. So It was super easy to get answers all day long.Read Less",le-wagon
"Daughter, good student, police officer, traveler/wanderer, amateur photographer/blogger.. All these years I’ve been shuffling among different roles, and being a web developer had never come across my life path in terms of career until August 2017.Like... Read More most people who’ve done career changes, I had doubts in myself in the very beginning – am I really able to absorb so much information concerning programming with a totally unrelated background? How long would it take to see fruits from myself? And, one of the most important, where should I start?I’ve got a determined personality, as long as I aim to do something, I would like to take the most efficient way to have it accomplished. As a result, I searched for coding bootcamps in London which provided related courses and found Le Wagon ever since. Before the actual course started, we were asked to finish some pre-courses online to build a basic understanding of what we would learn afterwards, which turned out to be of great help while we stepped into the intense 9-week rhythm – even though I was struggling against digesting all of the new terms and methods back then, from some point everything I did in the preparation began to make sense to me. It was a great pleasure to practically implement several languages (HTML, CSS, Ruby, SQL..) in either the practices in the class or our final project! Oh right, most exciting of all, in the last 2 weeks we were teamed up with 3-4 people and made a project based on Rails. Not only did we own huge space to sharpen our coding skills, also we obtained the opportunity to work with other classmates, just like what we will be doing when we get on our future profession. I’m an addicted runner myself and I’m so proud of our outcome app! – Visit www.shared.run if you’re interested. As we all know, the ending of our days at Le Wagon is just the beginning of our developer career path. Thanks to the superb foundation we’ve got from Le Wagon teachers and the big Le Wagon network family, I believe that during my pursuit of being a web developer, I’m never lonely. ☺Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I had no experience in coding and I had no idea how websites functioned or even my own local desktop. I had just finished school at 18, and wanted to go on a bootcamp before going to university. Le Wagon to me was more than a bootcamp.... Read More It provided a quality of teaching I couldn't ever have wished for, an amazing work environment (which was always very fun) but above all it provided me with the skills to independently code after the course. Le Wagon teaches you a well revised 6 weeks of different languages and then put them all together with 3 weeks of project coding at the end. You are always surrounded by experts in their individual fields and everyone is so friendly.What I am also impressed by is Le Wagon's alumni network. As an alumni you have access to all the lectures you attended at the course and more. You can also message the people of every single other batch that has gone through Le Wagon. You always have a helping hand in a city and there are always people offering coding help if you get stuck after the course.After Le Wagon my group are going to continue working on our project which is designed to help hotel management easier. I have also felt confident enough to take up a little bit of free lancing work. Le Wagon gives you by far the most enjoyable, interesting and knowledge packed 9 weeks of code and was truly a great experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I left my job in June 2017 to persue a career as a web developer. At first I tried teaching myself through platfoms such as codeacademy, but realised more in depth knowledge and self discipline would be required to become a well respected developer. After... Read More weeks of searching, I found Le Wagon, a coding bootcamp that promised to teach you how to code and become a web developer in 9 weeks.  I joined Le Wagon in October 2017 and I can safely say this bootcamp has completed changed my life for the better! Le Wagon is a 2 month long course which focuses on both front end and back end development and has a group final project in the last 2 weeks of the course. However, as well as it being a great course to learn all the tools needed to become a web developer, it offers so much more. Once you join Le Wagon, you enter a 2000+ community of developers all over the world, they share lots of exciting opportunites such as jobs or project offers, and offer their help whenever it’s needed.  The course itself taught me so much more in 9 weeks than I could have ever imagined. This was down to the well structured, well though-out syllabus and most importantly the teachers and TA’s who are always there to help you with any problem you have and make you feel comfortable. In addition, the atmosphere is so friendly and positive, allowing you to work hard while enjoying every second of it. In conclusion, I would highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who’s thinking of delving into coding and promise it will be the best decision you’ve made in your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting at Le Wagon I was a professional chef for 8 years. I worked in the worlds busiest cities and in each kitchen I experienced the same problem; accessing chefs at the last-minute. There is not a shortage of chefs but there is no go-to platform... Read More to find them. So I took Le Wagon to build this platform. From standing 12h a day in a hot and busy kitchen to sitting down 12h a day in front of a computer. That is an extreme life change. From being a Chef and becoming a Full stack developer was a quite a learning curve and I thought many times that I couldn't make it. The Le Wagon team kept me motivated and making sure that I was learning and moving forward and towards my goal. After a lot of frustration, a lot of hours studying and trying to understand the logic and preparing the pitch of my project, I was finally able to conquest my goal. Build an app to give more opportunity and make Chefs life easier, WeChef. Le Wagon taught me how to work as a team, how to learn and how to code. I still have a lot to learn, but now I know the best way to do it. I'd like to say that these 9 weeks were the best ever. Thank you Le Wagon team. Now let's make WeChef a powerful tool!Read Less",le-wagon
"After reading the overwhelmingly positive reviews of Le Wagon’s fullstack program, I was nervous that there would be hidden downsides nobody had mentioned. After 9 intense weeks, I am happy to report that this course is every bit as brilliant as people... Read More say. Even if you go in as an absolute coding novice, by the time you finish you’ll be able to take your own business idea and turn it into a fully functional web app with ease. Like most people in my batch, I began with almost no programming experience. I had completed a few tracks on Codecademy, but still didn’t have any concrete idea of how building a web application worked. By the end of week 6, we had learnt everything we would need to create our own applications, both alone or in a team of developers.The days were structured so we spent the most time possible programming, and practicing what we’d learned in the morning lecture. The amazing teachers were always available to help with any problems (I recommend you constantly badger these guys with questions – they are the most valuable resource Le Wagon has to offer). Since we couldn’t take the teachers with us after the course was over, we were given the next best thing – access to videos of every lecture (in English and French), tonnes of materials to use in our future career, and access to ex-alumni chats on every topic you could think of. The course is definitely hard work; the hours are long, and every new topic presents fresh challenges. Thankfully the atmosphere is friendly and supportive - everybody is working hard to help you succeed. The incredible teachers (I cannot stress enough how great they are) are there to make sure you’re always challenged, but never overwhelmed. Le Wagon was honestly one of the most fulfilling experiences of my life, and I can’t wait to take advantage of everything I learned there in my career.Read Less",le-wagon
"I discovered programming a few months before applying to Le Wagon. I didn’t have much experience (except for html and css, where I was pretty comfortable). I needed an intensive course that would teach me how to have a structured workflow, how to use... Read More real world tools and how to code and communicate in a team of developers.After a few weeks of research and, as I was in Lisbon at the time, Le Wagon was the perfect candidate for me ! A two months course focusing on both front end and back end with a group final project. But this bootcamp is so much more than that ! You enter a huge community of developers around the world, sharing experiences, offering their help, sharing lots of opportunities (jobs, projecst, etc).My experience at Le Wagon Lisbon was amazing and taught me so much in only nine weeks! The Driver, the teachers and the TA’s are always there to help you if your are stuck and really make you comfortable. My classmates were awesome and highly motivated people, from all ages and from all over the world.The last two weeks of the bootcamp are for your final projects. Working in teams of three or four people, we had to designand code a full web app with only 6 weeks of course done, this sounded pretty difficult ! It is where you really apply everything you learned and create something from scratch. And I am really surprised about the quality of all the projects from my batch. All the apps are great and functional! (Demoday: https://www.lewagon.com/demoday/97/tribo)In conclusion, I would say that I am really happy I chose to do Le Wagon and developed a new skill that quickly became a passion! I have continued programming a lot to build my knowledge and work on some personal projects. Also, I know that many alumni have found a job just after the bootcamp.So I am confident that when I will go to look for a job, it won’t be that difficult to find something great ! Finally, I would say that I highly recommend doing Le Wagon if you are interested in web development and if you want to quickly build this amazing skill.Read Less",le-wagon
"As an undergraduate student, I had many ideas I wanted to put to life. However, I soon realized that I needed to further develop my skills to create projects of my own. I soon turned to coding because it was the most resourceful way to put ideas to life,... Read More I mean all you need is your laptop! So I started off by doing some free online courses but the pace at which I was learning was too slow; I needed a better way to learn. That's how I found Le Wagon. My experience at Le Wagon was an experience of a lifetime. The camp teaches you not just about code, but about so much more. Being with extremely motivated and passionate people all day for 9 weeks, you learn to develop a work ethic that will translate into every other aspect of your life. You also learn to develop a business mindset to increase efficiency and productivity when working in a group, but also by yourself. The camp also incourages you to go to meetups and network with as many people as you can in order to find as many job opportunities as possible. However, most importantly, it was fun. I enjoyed every second of the camp and will do it all over again if I could. Shoutout to all the amazing teachers and fellow students who taught me so much!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I was a VFX Artist with no coding skills. As programming had been a skill I was interested in learning, I did some research and I came across the Le Wagon bootcamp course in London and after meeting with Ed, London City Manager,... Read More I got convinced it was the right choice for me. Le Wagon is an all around awesome course that helped me fast tracked my programming knowledge in just 9 weeks. It doesn't just teach you how to code, it teaches you how to think , to actually be able to solve a problem. The guidance I have received from the teachers has been amazing and I would suggest it to anyone who is willing to commit to such a profound change in their life: I was taught industry best practices, alongside the skills of learning how to learn effectively in an industry that is constantly changing. The first few weeks are hard, the course is intensive but if you’re motivated to learn and willing to ask questions, you will get so much value out of it.We carried out pair programming every day and during the last two weeks I created, designed and coded a fully functional web app: Fast Gardener, a online marketplace that allows home owners and gardeners to connect. I honestly never imagined i could do that in just 2 weeks: it's great! It 100% worth it so don’t wait any longer and just apply!Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon in the aim of changing jobs from my career in tech PR. Before starting, I was learning online but felt I needed to learn full time to solidify my knowledge and find a permanent role.Due to my previous experience in communication agencies,... Read More I had intended on finding a project management role. However, during the course I surprised myself by how much I enjoyed coding and became determined to find a role in software development itself. The teachers explain things in a practical way and turned intimidating tasks into something understandable. The mix of early morning classes, exercises in the afternoon and the live code mean you learn as a class and put it into practice on your own. At every stage of the course, there was a teacher or teaching assistant who was there to support you. Additionally, the students at Le Wagon are awesome. I feel I have a broad network who can not only help me professionally but whom are also my friends. Without a doubt if you are considering taking on the challenge of this course, go for it!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before starting at Le Wagon I was a professional chef for 8 years. I worked in the worlds busiest cities and in each kitchen I experienced the same problem; accessing chefs at the last-minute. There is not a shortage of chefs but there is no go-to platform... Read More to find them. So I took Le Wagon to build this platform. From standing 12h a day in a hot and busy kitchen to sitting down 12h a day in front of a computer. That is an extreme life change. From being a Chef and becoming a Full stack developer was a quite a learning curve and I thought many times that I couldn't make it. The Le Wagon team kept me motivated and making sure that I was learning and moving forward and towards my goal. After a lot of frustration, a lot of hours studying and trying to understand the logic and preparing the pitch of my project, I was finally able to conquest my goal. Build an app to give more opportunity and make Chefs life easier, WeChef. Le Wagon taught me how to work as a team, how to learn and how to code. I still have a lot to learn, but now I know the best way to do it. I'd like to say that these 9 weeks were the best ever. Thank you Le Wagon team. Now let's make WeChef a powerful tool!Read Less",le-wagon
"I taught English as a Second Language to international students for two years before finally deciding to make the leap and apply for Le Wagon Tokyo. I had been wanting to learn to code for years, but starting and staying motivated alone was hard. Prior... Read More to Le Wagon, I had finished multiple online coding courses - but at the end of it all, I still couldn't create anything on my own. I didn't fully understand what I was doing in the lessons - I was passively following the guided instructions and exercises instead of actively grasping and applying the concepts. There was also no one I could turn to for help if I was struggling or had questions.Here's where Le Wagon came in: the bootcamp gave me the structure, the resources, the community, and the drive to finally commit to learning coding full-time. Being surrounded by motivated classmates from nine different countries and taught by international teachers each specializing in his or her lecture topics was inspiring and pushed me to work hard through the long hours each day. For the first time, I found myself looking forward to going to class and becoming completely absorbed in my studies. By the end of the first week, I had learned more from the Le Wagon teachers than I had in my past year of self-studying. I usually have a short attention span, but during the course I would be so intently coding that I'd forget to stop to take breaks. I was impressed by how much programming knowledge the teachers were able to pack in for us in just two months' time. My favorite part of the bootcamp was working with my team on the group project during the last weeks of the program. There was a sense of camaraderie and achievement as we communicated, collaborated, and coded together everyday for hours on end, and all of us voluntarily continued working long after class had ended each day and on the weekends too. Our endless hours of work culminated in the demo day presentation on the last day of class which was a great success for all the teams!Overall, I had an amazing time at Le Wagon Tokyo and am sad that it's over now. I'm so glad that I decided to do this program, because I had been very unsure about taking the initial leap and quitting my job to come here. I loved the intensive daily learning alongside my teachers and classmates, the interesting Thursday night events, the weekly Friday night class hangouts and karaoke sessions, the group chatting on Slack with the party parrots, and the immersive final weeks of coding with my team to create and polish our final product. It honestly all feels like a dream now and I'm reluctant to return to my old life and reality!Read Less",le-wagon
"In a world with a huge increasing population, in which industrial and digital innovations are raging: international relations are changing, visions and customs are changing, so are our ways of life. The challenges for each of us are every day bigger.... Read More After some research and discussions, I decided to follow Le Wagon which allows its students to integrate the essential concepts to become a full-stack developer and meet these new challenges.My experience at Le Wagon Montreal (https://www.lewagon.com/montreal), in the batch #98, was a real step to new perspectives. This allowed me to discover the front &amp; back end sciences, to master the tools used by the majority of start-ups, to exchange with other students from all over the world… Having done it in Montreal was important as well: it allowed me to discover a different world, with different opportunities and visions that allow ripening our own projects.I recommend Le Wagon Montreal for all those looking to gain in autonomy and creativity for the rest of their personal and professional lives. Filled with positive vibes, it was one of the most rewarding experiences of my life and I return to Paris with the feeling that everything is now easier and easily affordable!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Barcelona, it has been one of the best experience in my life so far. I found more than learning to code. I found happiness and adventure. I learned new things every day, things I never thought to be able to do. Driven by a great and passionate... Read More driver and guided by very good teachers and ex-students I would definitely advise anybody how wants to do Le Wagon, to go to Barcelona. In may 2017 I started and in June I finished the bootcamp. I am able to create a platform website, I build a Facebook chatbot and got the first Monday after the bootcamp a real project to work on. In three months I went from a non-coder to a junior-developer and are able to really build something. I feel happy and great again. Le Wagon was for me the best choice to make when I was asking myself what I wanted in life. Try and see.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always knew that I wanted to code, but I was really afraid to try as it seemed to me as something very difficult at that time, so I spent about a year doing various online courses.That's where Le Wagon shines, it doesn't simply teach you the syntax... Read More of the language, it gives you the mindset you need, it teaches you the way to approach a problem and solve it, because coding is not about the language syntax, it's the easiest part in fact, breaking down the task and finding the ways to build/solve the task is what coding is, syntax comes very easy when you know what you have to do. The course is fast and I can say it was pretty INTENSIVE. PS: I could say that intensivity is their magical formula of teaching any person to start code in so little time. Nowadays I've started my own app ""Barracalivre.com.br"", and I still have to learn a lot, but Le wagon was the best wake up call.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always knew that I wanted to code, but I was really afraid to try as it seemed to me as something very difficult at that time, so I spent about a year doing various online courses.That's where Le Wagon shines, it doesn't simply teach you the syntax... Read More of the language, it gives you the mindset you need, it teaches you the way to approach a problem and solve it, because coding is not about the language syntax, it's the easiest part in fact, breaking down the task and finding the ways to build/solve the task is what coding is, syntax comes very easy when you know what you have to do. The course is fast and I can say it was pretty INTENSIVE. PS: I could say that intensivity is their magical formula of teaching any person to start code in so little time. Nowadays I've started my own app ""Barracalivre.com.br"", and I still have to learn a lot, but Le wagon was the best wake up call.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at Le Wagon was unbelievable, probably the best decision of my career! As an entrepreneur, I’m confident I reached the level of autonomy that I was so desperately missing in my previous ventures to launch my next digital businesses faster... Read More or tackle new professional challenges as a product manager with the right skillset. I used to think programming was boring and something for nerds only, but the methodology of Le Wagon made me completely change my mind. I learned fast, very concrete stuff and it was even fun. I’m now one of the biggest fan of Le Wagon’s teaching platform.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from Mechanical Engineering and over the last few years have worked for big corporations where things moved slow and innovation was hard to implement. I was sick of jobs I didn't like and working for companies I didn't believe in. Once that... Read More realization came about, I started to look at the young and vibrant tech industry as the next logical step. But how do you make that move? How about learning a new technical skill that would help kickstart my career in the tech startup world? That's when I decided to do Le Wagon. What a great decision. I joined batch #98 in Montreal. Le Wagon's program offers you the resource, the structure, the support and the motivation to truly learn a new technical skill in 9 weeks. The last 10 days of the bootcamp is when the magic happens and you get to put it all together to build a prototype of a web-app in small groups. My group and I were proud of what we built and had a blast while building it. But it's not just about the learning experience, you also get to meet amazing new people, from your classmates and teachers to the people you meet along the way at the different events recommended or organized by Le Wagon. This means that you leave the bootcamp with a highly in-demand skill, a great network to lean on and a web-app to showcase to the rest of the world as a proof of your awesome new skill. Le Wagon allowed me to reorient my career in a little over two months, something I wouldn't have been able to do on my own or at least not in such a quick turnaround. If you are reading this review, you are already on the right path... All you have to do is apply and get ready for a 9-week roller coaster like no other.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating in business administration and some internships in banks and working in my family’s business, I decided it was time to change the course of my career and devote myself to something I always wanted to learn.So I tried to learn to code... Read More by myself for a few months by watching online courses and reading some introductory books. Soon I realized that at the pace I was in, it would take too long for me to be able to enter the market. Then I decided that the best thing to do to speed up my learning pace would be to enroll myself in a bootcamp program.After a few weeks researching bootcamps in Brazil and abroad, it became clear to me that Le Wagon’s fullstack program was the best option. I signed up and dived for a nine weeks immersion in this technological learning challenge. During this period I had contact with people from a wide range of fields, all of them with the common focus of learning how to code. Some of them aiming to get hired, like me. Other ones aiming to start a business. Le Wagon’s methodology, with an ideal amount of theory and lots of practice every day makes the experience and the learning pace just excellent. The alumni network is very supportive to answer questions and to find jobs. The Wagon Talks, which weekly puts the students in touch with entrepreneurs and industry professionals are a great way to get advices and inspiration.The last two weeks are without doubt the most intense. Create, design and code a fully functional product during this period really challenged me. This is the closest you can get to the challenges of an IT career. This is because many of these products end up going to market.After the the program, my initial goal of being hired by a company has changed a bit and I decided to launch a startup with a friend I met in the bootcamp. We are improving the product we created during the program and soon it will be in the market. Undoubtedly the Le Wagon program has changed my life and my only regret is not having done it before.Read Less",le-wagon
"BackgroundI’m a detail oriented globetrotter geek... who has always been flirting with tech, innovation and languages. Previously I have been working as pilot on ships and rigs for oil and gas companies. It allowed me to experience multiple cultures and... Read More to live abroad back and forth in London, Seoul, Paris. After 10 years in industry, I decided it was time to move forward, being up for more challenges. Embracing my geekness was imperative, then I did some research on how to dig deeper on coding, then I found Le Wagon. Why Le Wagon?Focus on hands-on and immersive learning. Basically we develop our own product thinking like an entrepreneur in just 9 weeks. I did not want to attend university-like classes anymore, mostly because it is slow pace and time consuming. Le Wagon experience was intense, cooperative and fun. This was the perfect match I was looking for. Having a full stack level (back-end as well as front-end) was the challenge I was up to in order to improve my skills as a self-taught coder. Another thing that influenced my choice was the fact that Le Wagon is present in various cities spread in plenty of countries, which can collaborate for a more multicultural experience. That’s why I chose it.  The bootcampWe were part of the first batch in Rio de Janeiro. Awesome! Half of my colleagues were foreigners coming from countries like France, Germany and Morocco, other half locals from different regions of Brazil. Teachers were professional developers from France and Brazil and they knew exactly what they were talking about, being very competent and professional. Assistants were around to help solve things that we could not solve though buddy-system. Our daily immersive journey was 12 hours of coding... and everyday new knowledge was presented and we applied them in multiple layers of exercise, with progressive difficulty levels. It was available also the recording of the classes, so if we missed a detail, we could simply roll-back and check. By the end of the day, we had a live code session, which every peer is invited to collaborate to solve a problem usually through an algorithm. Time flew by in the first 6 weeks, and with all the knowledge built we could move towards 3 weeks of product development. We presented ideas of project, pitched them, networked for completing a group and started developing. Social aspect was key to succeed. We also had lots of fun along the way... Yoga classes to deal with stress and beer every now and then. And Carnival... but for this, I skip the details  Pros9 weeks in a fast pace. We learned why, when, where and how to code in structured way. It opened my mind with the showcases of the digital solutions we see everyday, everywhere. Code Kata. We practice so intensely, that knowledge remains after the bootcamp is over. Also the whole material is available, so if you missed something, it is just few clicks away from catching up. Entrepreneurial view. We experience how a digital product is designed, built and accessed. Projects are similar to real-world production environment, which keeps the urge to see how it will come to life, which problems we will face and how to overcome them.  Reinvent yourself. Le Wagon changed me in more ways than I could expect. Basically it allowed me to migrate from an analog life to a fully digital one. I learned new skills, new platforms, new people. Understanding all this took me sometime, but no regrets after all.  Socializing. Fun is part of the experience. Don't hold back! Go for beers, burgers and parties. And be ready to code by the first time in the morning aka coffee, coffee, coffee!   Cons9 weeks in a fast pace. Sometimes the concepts you just learned appears to vanish away from your mind... it is just a lot in a few time! Take a deep breath, go for some coffee and don't give up! It is very helpful and good practice to review the concepts of the previous class during breakfast, so as by the time you arrive in class, all knowledge is there.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I found out about Le Wagon through a good friend of mine who had previously attended the course I was sold immediately and decided to join the program. So I enrolled myself into batch #95 in one of my favorite cities, Barcelona!I was so impressed... Read More with the entire set-up of Le Wagon. The expertise and teaching style of the teachers are fantastic, the course material such as the slides and exercises are top-notch and constantly updated to reflect the latest industry trends and the location (warehouse style) in the trendy neighborhood of Gracia is super cool and relaxed. The platform we used on a daily basis to work on exercises, communicate with teachers, play flashcards or watch a lecture replay to deepen our knowledge after class is truly powerful. Expect a real challenge! Le Wagon is tough and fast-paced. How else do you get from zero to Junior Developer level in only 9 weeks!? I knew that before I started but I am still stunned by how much I was able to learn in such a short amount of time. Surrounded by like-minded people you soon get into the zone and the motivation you get when your code is doing what you want it to is awesome. During the project weeks when we were working on our prototypes some of us got so excited that teachers literally had to tell us to go home and rest rather than keep on coding through the night. I met great people I am still connected with and we are all part of the large alumni that we are given free access to for tips and help on whichever product we might be working on after the bootcamp which will be the priceless and lifetime benefit to joining Le Wagon.I wish I learnt how to code earlier. Not for a different career but to be better in what I did. Over the past 12 years of working in online companies I had developers in my teams most of time. I now see how frustrating it must have been for them when I said things like ""JUST move this from here to there"". If you want to be part of the tech industry, learning how to code will help you no matter which role you will be working in. For me personally Le Wagon changed my life in a way I want to help more people learn how to code and I am proud that I became part of Le Wagon family expanding our campus around the world.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve always wanted to code and Le Wagon impressed me from the start. The experience is totally immersive and with the great people it attracts I found myself loving it instantly. The structure of the course is so well thought out. We learnt the problem-solving... Read More mindset, the logic, the code, and how to go about improving it. We were given new challenges every day to work on with our buddy and readily available teaching assistants to help guide us through the tough parts.All the teaching assistants are incredible and really take the time to read your code and help you approach the situation from your angle. The buddy system is a real perk as it gives everyone the chance to get to know and learn from each other.The first few weeks are hard – Le Wagon is not an easy ride. But if you’re motivated to learn and willing to ask questions, you will get so much value out of your time there. The project weeks essentially teach you how to learn so you can build almost any feature you can dream up. We decided what features we wanted and then worked out how to implement them – which felt amazing. Watch any demo day and you’ll be inspired to see the variety and scope of the projects.I cannot recommend Le Wagon highly enough. You’ll be amazed at what you can be capable of after 9 weeks!Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing my communication degree I had absolutely no idea what to do so I took some time for myself trying to figure it out. Having done some coding before I felt attract to that path and I told myself that a 2-months bootcamp will be great to... Read More have some basic knowledge and to add to my resume. I had a bit of experience with some basic programming such as html / css but I was a bit scared not to be able to follow, or, to end up with more advanced student. The first week took away every doubt I had. Because at the end, no matters what was your experience before, at le wagon we all learn everything steps by step. The pairing system that we used was one of the things I like the most since it allows us to help each other.Even if it is an intense 2-month bootcamp I never felt more motivate to learn something and the spirit at le wagon help me feel confident and comfortable.Le wagon teaches you not only how to write code but how to make a complete project from scratch, skills we can actually use in real life. During the last two weeks, I had so much fun working with my teammate on developing a word game and I was so amazed at what we could accomplish after a few weeks!Thanks to this bootcamp I finally realize that I want to start my career as a web developer, and I am not longer scared about my future.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having just finished the second year of my mathematics degree, I needed a different challenge. I had completed modules in two coding languages in that year: MATLAB and R. Both were interesting languages that gave me a good insight in to basic programming,... Read More such as calculating solutions to mathematical problems. However, all of the coding files that I wrote were short and often did not communicate with each other, unlike files in real life applications. This made me want to learn how to build a functioning application that people could use, rather than just a solution algorithm. Naturally, this led me to look in to coding bootcamps, of which Le Wagon was the most highly rated.The nine week coding bootcamp was an intense, collaborative and rewarding experience. The course helped me with coding structure, time management, working with other developers and gave me several opportunities to present our developing projects. The teachers were a major influence, both during lectures and for help in exercises during the day. Many of them had completed the course beforehand, making it easier to relate with them as they knew many of the questions first time developers have. Overall, this course has given me the motivation and confidence to develop other applications, meet other developers and seek new projects to work on.Over the last ten days of the course, we developed Daylily, an events-finding app that enables city travellers, who are unsure of where to spend their weekend, to see the best events going on in European cities and ensures that they never miss out on trip-changing events. I was fortunate to work in an excellent team, whose attitude and encouragement have convinced me to continue working on projects on the side of my degree. Since I have returned to university, I have joined a coding society and am attending a hackday to continue developing collaboratively and maintaining the coding skills I gained on the bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started coding as a hobby, to do something while work was slow or I was stocked on level 235 on candy crush. Never really thought it could take me anywhere but I´ve always enjoyed learning something new, and programming seemed interesting. Slowly, I... Read More began to realize coding was actually not only cool, but very useful. “All those genius making apps” were not smarter or different than me, they just knew more. I wanted to dive completely into that world.For me, learning on my own was not enough, the technical skills –although vital- were just a part of it, the environment, the people, the mindset, were just as important. Plus, I didn’t want to spend two years learning the basics.Among many alternatives, Le Wagon just clicked with me, “bring tools to creative people” was a promise I could relate to, and according to many reviews, it delivered. On top of that, it was in Barcelona, a city I’ve been in love with my whole life. It’s funny how sometimes the best decisions are done in the shortest time. It was simple, a month later I was flying from Mexico to Barcelona.Suddenly, I was a part of this multicultural community, with apparently nothing in common. All of our backgrounds were different, our goals, our way of targeting problems, I couldn’t see any cohesive force that could pull this eclectic group together for two intense months. There was one quality we all shared, hunger. We were all there with the same mindset, learn more, be better, experience this magniffic opportunity to the fullest.It wasn’t always that easy. More than once I got out of the classroom in utter frustration, I actually got sick one week from not sleeping enough for having to pull all-nighters to keep up (I didn’t even do it on college). The phrase “it will all sink in, eventually” bothered me too much, until it was true. A teacher is always one click away to point you in the right direction, they won’t tell you the answer but the path to it. After a while the logic becomes apparent, maybe you don’t understand but at least you understand what you don’t understand and where to look for answers. They give you all the pieces, its up to you to solve the puzzle. It’s not easy to find people with whom you can be sited quietly 8 hours focused on a problem, just to close your laptop and get to a club when you found the solution, wake up next morning to a volleyball match or go to admire Sagrada Familia. There is a certain magic when you find people so different from you and yet so similar. LeWagon introduced me to a world I no longer want to be apart from.After a month and a half from that, I’m no longer playing with apps but building them, I have my own plan derived from my personal project, my hobby is now my job and I have friends I can relate with all over the world. I learned a lot in the shortest time, it was challenging, hard and required my attention to the fullest, and yet, somehow, I still think of it as the most awesome two months vacation I’ve ever taken.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Barcelona gave me the tools to work as a freelance frontend developer. It's a highly structured course that packs in a lot of material, so I feel like I got good value for my time and money. The overall experience was also lots of fun and a great... Read More adventure into the world of building web applications and beyond! Great location, team spirit and positive learning atmosphere.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon London in July 2017 and this course really changed my life. I wanted to learn how to code as I think this is a great skill to have, but I wasn't expecting to learn so much in such a small amount of time. The program is well designed,... Read More you have an hour lecture every morning and then spend the whole day to code, which helps a lot to make progress quickly and in a efficient way. Teachers are great and really patient. They also are very meticulous and gives you a lot of good habits that a lot of professional developers don't have ...Everyone has been so supporting, the atmosphere is great, that was honestly one of the best experience of my life and I would recommend it to anyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was an English teacher at an international university. Besides some experience in Educational Technology (for example, collaborative learning through Learning Management Systems like Blackboard or shared document platforms such as Google... Read More Drive), I had no IT or programming skills. As coding had been a skill I was interested in learning, I decided to take the dive and after some intensive research, I found that Le Wagon suited my needs perfectly.Overall Le Wagon was a great and formative experience for me! As expected, the boot camp was intensive and strenuous, particularly as a complete beginner, but the support given by the teachers and the collaborative learning system helped me understand programming concepts and mindsets that I would have otherwise not been able to comprehend easily on my own. The friendly learning environment also made the social aspect of living in a new place much more palatable. After the boot camp I took a small break from coding, but I've found it's easy to jump right back into it because all of the materials from the camp are accessible after the program finished, and I've learned from the boot camp how to tackle coding problems by myself (Ruby-docs and Stack Overflow are your friends!). My plan is to become a freelance programmer, and I'm 100% confident I'll be able to sustain myself through the skills I learned through Le Wagon.I greatly recommend Le Wagon for its effective teaching methods and constant support in and after the camp! As someone who wanted to start fresh in a new career path, it was the best choice for me.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have always been involved in startups and new business development as those are my passions. However, during my studies International Business and master degree in Digital Entrepreneurship I started to feel like I was missing out on the technical development... Read More side. It was often easy to set up a great business plan, but finding an (affordable) developer to actually execute it most of the time turned out to be a pain in the ass for me. That’s why I decided to enrol in Le Wagon’s bootcamp and it was one of my best decisions!Not only the setup of the entire bootcamp is amazing and makes you feel you learn new things every day, also the staff and students contribute to why Le Wagon is chosen to be the best bootcamp worldwide. During the batch everyone is stimulated to build a product in the last two weeks and that’s where PeerView was born for us. Together with 3 other amazing students and teaching assistants we build an online review platform for universities and only two weeks. Presenting an actual product on the final demo day felt unreal and made us very proud! The future will tell us where PeerView stands within one year from now. Thank you Le Wagon for the amazing experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"Working in a free role for a fast growing start-up from the beginning asks a lot of your problem solving capacities. First starting with Google Docs, Excel, Dropbox and other know office applications you soon find the boundaries of those programs and... Read More you have to start coding your own. Because at that point I wasn’t able to code myself we hired a lead developer and slowly with every developer we hired I grew in the role of product owner. After a year it started to become clear for me that I missed the build your own solution part more and more, I was ready for a new challenge.Because we hired 3 Le Wagon alumni from Amsterdam in the early stages of our development team I was well know with Le Wagon. In consultation with the company we decided that it would be the best next step for me to follow the bootcamp and come back after with a bag full of new skills combined already present business skills.After exchanging Amsterdam for Barcelona I completely submerged for the last 9 weeks in the Le Wagon coding world. Starting well structured, well guided and with clear goals the first 6 weeks flew by. In these first six weeks you learn all basics, get some confidence about your skills with passing tests and of course get to know your new friends. After these six weeks the focus shift completely to the projects and you start working together in the formed teams. This is a hell of a ride and worth every minute in it.For the project we worked on an trip enhancing flight / hotel search. The idea arose from being in Barcelona during the Gracia Festival, the largest neighborhood festival in Barcelona. Of course we’re studying during the festival, but each evening we went on the street, celebrate with the locals. It truly enhanced our experience. This time it was pure luck, but definitely not impossible to engineer. So we came up with a database full of cool events and festival with their closest airport and based on your availability and your origin airport we find the best flights and stays for you. You can check it out on www.daylily.world Being back in Amsterdam I directly started as (junior) webdeveloper at the same company. Shifting from product owner to developer is a big change, but so far as the first month is almost passed I really like it. Creating real working products from the thoughts and ideas we have in the company. The combination of skills is very valuable and the idea that I finally can build by myself again gives me a lot of energy.Read Less",le-wagon
"I created in 2016 a car rental agency in Paris where I had to develop a showcase site. Having no skills in this field and lack of time, I had to meet many developers (web agency or freelance) to meet my needs.In order to develop and modernise my tool,... Read More I needed to create an online platform like AirBnb. For this, no longer wishing to be dependent on intermediaries, I inquired to acquire the skills necessary to the design of this product.Le Wagon appeared obvious, my first research allowed me to confirm my choice whether for the courses provided or the duration and the quality of the training.I therefore integrated the Batch 85 in Bordeaux in the summer of 2017. This city corresponded perfectly to my expectations and allows to have an ideal framework to be able to follow a training throughout its duration.The environment plays an important role and Bordeaux is perfectly suited to work and relaxation on weekends (beach, surf etc.) The premises have many advantages including a space of Coworking, a parking for all the people transported. The classroom is ideal and allows to learn in the best conditions.I met an excellent team, human above all and always listening and helping all along my project creation. The stakeholders and the quality of the tools available enabled me to acquire real skills necessary for the development of my project.In addition, this training allowed me to develop a new project: FileOn (which you will find in the link below). I am currently still developing this tool which is one on my main activity today.Le Wagon allows you to acquire the necessary skills necessary for the development of a tech project, to increase your field of action and to create new ideas, to meet wonderful people and all this in only 2 months!Thanks Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Having just finished the second year of my mathematics degree, I needed a different challenge. I had completed modules in two coding languages in that year: MATLAB and R. Both were interesting languages that gave me a good insight in to basic programming,... Read More such as calculating solutions to mathematical problems. However, all of the coding files that I wrote were short and often did not communicate with each other, unlike files in real life applications. This made me want to learn how to build a functioning application that people could use, rather than just a solution algorithm. Naturally, this led me to look in to coding bootcamps, of which Le Wagon was the most highly rated.The nine week coding bootcamp was an intense, collaborative and rewarding experience. The course helped me with coding structure, time management, working with other developers and gave me several opportunities to present our developing projects. The teachers were a major influence, both during lectures and for help in exercises during the day. Many of them had completed the course beforehand, making it easier to relate with them as they knew many of the questions first time developers have. Overall, this course has given me the motivation and confidence to develop other applications, meet other developers and seek new projects to work on.Over the last ten days of the course, we developed Daylily, an events-finding app that enables city travellers, who are unsure of where to spend their weekend, to see the best events going on in European cities and ensures that they never miss out on trip-changing events. I was fortunate to work in an excellent team, whose attitude and encouragement have convinced me to continue working on projects on the side of my degree. Since I have returned to university, I have joined a coding society and am attending a hackday to continue developing collaboratively and maintaining the coding skills I gained on the bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"Being in the automotive industry for the past 3 years and half, I wasn’t quite satisfied with the direction of my career. I decided to take a chance and I quit my job. The next few months, I experimented different things: digital marketing, setting up... Read More an e-commerce, sales for a small company, but I still felt that none of these were right for me. I remembered that I used to program a bit when I was younger, and that I enjoyed it. As I was getting more work through my digital marketing service company, I wanted to offer more to my clients. I thought it would be interesting to give it a try again. I began doing online course, but very soon I hit a wall. I could not get myself to complete any of them and wasn’t making any progress. Something had to change. One day, searching through the web, I came across Le Wagon bootcamp in São Paulo. They promised in 9 weeks to teach the skills to build a web app. As I read reviews and watched their Day Demos days presented by former students, I got convinced it was the right choice for me. On the very same day, I applied for batch #81 of Le Wagon São Paulo. And 45 days later, I was sitting in class for my first day at Le Wagon. The lectures are fast pace, and take place in the first two hours of the morning. The rest of the days is focused on solving problems with your buddy of the day. The first month is definetely the hardest because you’re being taught core programming concepts. The methodology is amazing, the course is designed around hand-ons development practice. You have to learn, because you have to write code all day long. The teaching assistants and teachers were eager to help me out whenever I got stuck on a bug. They knew the material deeply and were committed to helping me understand the concepts of the day. In the last three weeks, I got to develop two full funcional apps. Le Wagon taught me not just solo programming, they showed me how to contribute in group of developers. My final project, a platform for investors to trade private securities, was developed by 3 students and me. I learned how to collaborate as a team of developers while building out a product. I found this to be most valuable lesson. Additionally, every week, after class they would set meet-ups with start-up leaders and the occasional beer to relax after a long day of coding. After completing batch #81, I jumped right away to freelancing. A week after completion of my batch, I got my first client for development of a full web app. Le Wagon gave the stepping stone to learning anything related to web app development. I could not have made a better choice. I made new friends as well forever changing the direction of my life. By far Le Wagon has been the best learning experience that I had ever had. I recommend it to anyone seeking to learn how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"“Finally back to work after your break?”Were the typical reactions from my work colleagues and friends when I returned to Manchester after a hectic, inspiring, gruelling, and enlightening summer spent learning to code at LeWagon, London (Batch 93). I... Read More suppose not many understood why I would be interested in learning to code, I’m a commercial lawyer by trade, and the prospect sits a million miles from the thinking of many in the legal profession.I suppose the answer and motivation is shared by many LeWagon applicants and alumni, and without wanting to put a blanket over each of our respective ambitions, every member of my London batch (including teachers, office and marketing managers, DJs, CTO and CEO) are passionate and curious about the way the world is changing, and the role they can play in it. My participation did not come as an accident, I was looking for exactly this kind of challenge. Boris, Romain and Seb have developed a really clever and engaging 9 week intensive program, and the minimal marketing (largely centred on endorsements from its alumni community and Meetups with inspiring tech leaders and activists) drew me in.You quickly come to understand that at LeWagon you are being taught not just a skill but an approach to developing that skill. The learning platform and materials are fantastic, but there is always an exercise or two that requires you to go further, to utilise online resources available to anyone, and to try and accommodate what you find in the program you are developing. This is learning by ‘doing’ and not by ‘theory’, and it is probably the best example of the distinction between the dynamic learning environment and traditional academic institutions (the number of mid-week coffees and Asahi’s you consume would be another!).“How tough is it?”A question from friends, family and colleagues a little more curious as to what I was doing this summer. The answer to this question now is different to that at various checkpoints during the course. I spent the first four weeks really labouring to grasp all of the key methods and concepts of Ruby, puzzled at how I might come to rely on them further down the road (the feedback at this stage comes via a dark terminal interface, and not in the browser), and worried that perhaps my brain was wired a little differently to the rest of the group. You soon realise that you are not alone, and the environment supports rather than oppresses you. As long as you commit to the syllabus, are willing to make mistakes, and ultimately shout for help or guidance then you make progress!The inevitable challenge of the steep learning curve is well met by the teachers and assistants who are extremely supportive and passionate about the program and the environment. Many have been on the receiving end (having attended previous batches), and they all share a real drive and commitment to ensure the platform and materials evolve and stay current for their audience (which includes alumni as well as students!).What now?I’ve got to continue with the coding (it’s an itch) and I’m now well equipped to build and contribute to new projects. I am also actively considering ways in which I can leverage my new skills (in particular new approaches to problem solving) to my current legal career.Empowered by the course, I’m challenging myself to become much more creative, to seek out more like minded people across the ever growing legal tech and engineering scene, and to utilise the LeWagon alumni network!Read Less",le-wagon
"During 8 years of entrepreneurship, mostly in e-commerce, I was exposed to code and learned to tweak minor things here and there. I needed developers to help me fixing or automating aspects of my businesses and was always amazed by the power of those... Read More skills, so I started learning by myself.I'm not the patient type, and lacking the bases, I figured it would take me years to achieve mediocre results.I attended LeWagon in Copenhagen where I'm based and had a BLAST.The format of the typical day, the pair programming, the quality of the exercises, I experienced an intellectual pleasure that I did not felt since I first studied philosophy during my humanities studies.I am currently working as a freelance web developer and do not consider any occupation that does not involve coding in the near future.HUGE fan of LeWagon :)Read Less",le-wagon
"I can recommend Le Wagon without hesitation. They will teach you to code, for sure, but more than that, after nine weeks you will exit the course with the energy, ideas, relationships and skills to take your ideas to the next level. I considered all the... Read More leading coding bootcamp programs in Europe and the USA, and I chose Le Wagon specifically for the entrepreneurial mindset and dynamic culture. I felt the course delivered on all of my expectations, and exceeded them in many ways. Pros: fast-paced, high teacher quality, entrepreneurial mindset, robust online curriculum.Cons: honestly, I can't really isolate any. My background was perhaps a little unusual for my batch. I was older than most (46) and was founder/ceo of a few technology companies. I was interested in returning to the code after many years, and to immerse myself in a new challenge. Still, I felt right at home and was able to learn a ton and contribute some as well. If you are considering a software bootcamp, my recommendation is to go for it. You won't be disappointed, and it may very well be pivotal in your life. If you are willing to give it 100%, you are sure to succeed. Choosing which bootcamp is a personal decision. If you want to find a job as a developer, Le Wagon will prepare you as will many of the other quality camps. If you want to, immediately or eventually, develop a new product, build your own company, pursue an idea... then I think it's no contest -- Le Wagon is really the only bootcamp catering to this kind of creative+technical competence. Go for it, you will be in good company, and you will be very happy you did. John FishRead Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon in July 2017 in Paris during my gap year. I am studying in a business school and it was the first time I coded ever. While initially sceptic about the possibility to become a coder within a few weeks, I acquired thanks to a 9-week intensive... Read More program the necessary skills to be on the right track. Le Wagon coding program provides all the tools needed to learn how to code a web application. The strength of Le Wagon bootcamp is in its community for several reasons:- Staff / Teachers: Thanks to all of them, Le Wagon is not a coding bootcamp but an experience. Learning how to code is not easy and requires discipline but the staff makes sure that you are not left behind and have fun.- Class / Events: you are always working with the other students on the exercises so the staff will do its utmost to create a warm and friendly team environment by organising activities, lectures and parties.- Job Opportunities: according to the one’s wishes, the staff and the community will help you to find an opportunity (web development, consulting, project/product management) or freelance contracts.- Community-Mutual-Aid: The community is very active, events are organised, job offers are shared and whatever the issue with your code, just post a message and you get the answer within a few minutes (!)I accepted a job opportunity as a web developer 15 days before my graduation day. As I underlined, in addition to the quality of the teaching and of the dedication and support of the staff, the experience is by itself amazing and very rich. Thanks to the community, this experience with Le Wagon is still going on!Baptiste Horn Batch#83 in ParisRead Less",le-wagon
"Before LeWagon:I was a consultant working at a global management consulting company in Japan. Specialising in business strategy, I have worked with various public companies on their strategy development and implementation.Why I joined:I was in the process... Read More of starting my own company. Whichever directions I looked, there were fancy websites, apps or marketplaces that are becoming part of “the norm” amongst successful startups. Even though my startup idea is not in the tech arena, the risk of treating it as a blackbox was too great to ignore, and I needed a rapid, intensive course to boost my understanding of coding and the current landscape at higher level.The Le Wagon experience:The Le Wagon course definitely exceeded my expectations in several ways because:1. Your code competency level guaranteed to be at another level at the end, thanks to: 1. Well-structured curriculum and daily exercises with instant feedback 2. Experienced and talented teachers to provide in-depth, step-by-step coaching 3. Focus on learning by doing, rather than theory2. Attract topnotch students (e.g. Oxbridge etc) and talented people in their fields in every batch 1. Best learning points often come from students’ questions 2. Stimulate and accelerates the learning curve 3. Give scope to dive into interesting optional topics3. Opportunity to develop teamwork, project management and public speaking in the final project 1. The people skills are not ignored by Le Wagon - after all coding is just a tool 2. Give you training for potential future investor pitches 3. Show off your achievement to your friends and family After Le Wagon:I am definitely at a better position with more insights about the way web app are designed and built. Le Wagon not only provided knowledge and skills, it taught me enough so that I can be self-sufficient to continue learning beyond. Not to mention it’s vast network of alumni and the possibility to connect with similar minded entrepreneurs that will be valuable after the course too.Read Less",le-wagon
"Prior to enrolling in Batch 74 in London, I was responsible for leading my employer's integration team to onboard companies that we had recently acquired. While knowledge of just about every aspect of the company, and the experience I gained during my... Read More time there was invaluable, I knew that there was more out there for me. One thing I found particularly frustrating was my complete lack of experience in coding and development. While I worked very closely with our dev team, and was able to storyboard and lay out detailed specifications for enhancements and new modules, I was completely incapable of contributing or really understanding the foundations of the programs themselves. For years, I had wanted to make the investment in myself and start down the path of learning to code myself. Last January, I finally made the decision to pull the trigger and take the first steps down that path. After extensively researching the programs available, I narrowed my choices down to 3 options based on the skills I desired to obtain the curriculum focus of each respectively. One of those three ""finalists"" was Le Wagon. At first, I was a bit hesitant due to the fact that it was located in Europe and I, myself, was an American. However, after further examining and comparing the respective focuses of each program, it became abundantly clear that Le Wagon was exactly what I was looking for as it is a full stack course with a very strong focus on entrepreneurship and product development. Additionally, I felt that taking myself out of my comfort zone would benefit me in terms of eliminating distractions and allowing me to fully focus on the course (being able to clear my mind and explore a new city abroad was an enticing aspect as well). Once I was accepted into the program and completed the pre-coursework, I was off to London and it was the best decision I could have possibly made. Throughout the 9 weeks of the batch, the amount of knowledge I gained and the abilities I gained far surpassed my expectations. In addition to the coursework, the resources provided to every student that they keep forever are absolutely incredible and valuable. On top of that, the vast and ever-expanding network of global alumni is an Mzing asset. The entire alumni community is very unique as everybody has gone through the same trials. Through the alumni channel created by Le Wagon, a massive forum for collaboration and help exists and is filled with people who are more than willing to assist each other. The connections that can be made through the alumni network is an unbelievable resource in itself.Last but certainly not least, the aspect of Le Wagon that truly tops off the program and makes it so amazing is the staff. It seems impossible that Le Wagon was able to put together an entire team of such incredibly talented people that are also some of the most energetic and personable I've ever met, but they certainly managed to do so. It couldn't have been more obvious from Day 1 that the staff didn't treat everybody as just a number, but that they truly cared about investing in their relationships with each individual and making sure they succeeded. The structure of the program creates amazing friendships and bonds with not only your classmates, but with the staff itself, and for that I am truly grateful. The 9 weeks were very challenging, but they flew by and I never imagined I would genuinely have a much fun as I did throughout the course. The final weeks were particularly rewarding and enjoyable as the batch broke into groups and launched functioning apps that were started from scratch during the course. I admittedly was completely blown away by the presentations of every single app during ""Demo Day"" at Google Campus on the final day. I couldn't believe that these amazing programs were created in a matter of two weeks by people who had no prior experience a short 9 weeks earlier. I couldn't be more satisfied or thankful for my decision to enroll in Le Wagon and will forever cherish the friendships and connections I made through it in addition to the skills I gained!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Anderson, I’m Brazilian but have been living in Japan for quite a long time now…I’ve always wanted to be an entrepreneur, ideas would come to my mind and I would imagine how to set them up, analyzing viability, and obviously how to make money... Read More out of them.I’ve had 3 businesses in Brazil before I decided to come live in Japan. I currently own an Ad Agency which has been creating audiovisual content in Yokohama for the last 10 years.Recently, I came up again with an idea my mind wouldn’t get rid of. But for it, I needed some technical knowledge that I knew was not my strong suit.I first tried to look for a software house or freelancers both in Japan or abroad but this approach had three major issues for me:1/ I had no clue on how to select which language I needed for the project and even less on how to assess the professionals willing to take it on.2/ Lack of commitment from potential partners, I came to talk with a bunch of agencies, but clearly I felt I was just another client, not a partner to build something new.3/ This approach came with pretty high costs which I could not tell if it was due to the ambition of the project or because I was a first timer getting fooled…That’s when I decided I needed to study to understand better the tech startup ecosystem and turn myself able to put my idea in practice.I searched for different training options, but nothing really exciting until I found out about Le Wagon in a very important IT media in Japan. I found the Bootcamp format and proposal to be just what I needed, and after reviewing some students’ opinions (on this site!), I contacted Le Wagon Tokyo. It was too late for Tokyo as the next bootcamp would start next week. I couldn’t wait for the next one in 3 months… But to my great surprise, I discovered that one was scheduled in my hometown of São Paulo in one month. Planets finally had aligned.I crossed the Ocean and went…To sum it up, that’s the been the best decision I made so far, I was afraid I would be completely lost, and I was a little at first, but with the help of teachers, teaching assistants, other students, but especially thanks to a great methodology and learning platform, I can say that today I can decide on technical facts I understand and I can even jump into the code whenever I feel I can correct or add something up myself.The idea I had is now live because I could convince a group in the bootcamp to follow me and we turned it into our last weeks’ project. It’s called Tripdeo, stay tuned cause you’re going to hear about it soon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Technology is something that I always liked, that's why I decided to major in computer engineering. It was that moment when I started to love coding, as c++ was the first programming language I learned my passion for coding started to grow. I wanted to... Read More know more and increase my knowledge in that aspect. While online courses may teach you the syntax, they can't teach you how to solve problems or think in various ways to reach a certain solution. After searching for something different for a while I found Le Wagon Tokyo. At first I was a bit hesitant to take the course as I was short on time and the course took place in Tokyo (Japan) which is very far from my country. I didn't even know if it was worth it , but i must say I'm really glad that i took it. It was well worth it as it doesn't just teach you how to code, it teaches you how to think , to actually be able to solve a problem. Then it goes to teaching you everything you need to know on how to be able to build a colorful website, backend to frontend and how to use that knowledge to start your own projects or even work as developer which was my main goal from this bootcamp.But furthermore, it wasn't only about coding and programming, we also had many activities there such as yoga sessions and group lunches. I personally met many many great people, from teachers to students and many others. I've gained many experiences from each of them, we worked together daily from 9AM to 7PM each day with a different partner, which in a way taught me how to work with different people and bonded the students together as well. After graduation, I was finally able to call myself a full stack developer and I knew i was able to create any website I could think of. I honestly never imagined i could learn all of that in just 9 weeks, it was just GREAT.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon Tokyo, I was teaching English in South Korea. I always had an interest in coding but I could never manage the time or the patience to teach myself after regular work hours. I was a bit reluctant at first to do a bootcamp. But after I read... Read More all of the rave reviews online about Le Wagon, I figured it was time to take a chance. I signed up for the first batch in Tokyo.The course is as intense as everyone says it is. You get out of it how much you want to put in. You might as well push yourself if you're going to join a bootcamp, right? All of the exercises or extra work have a purpose in improving your skills. I still look back to some of my old code or lessons for helpful reminders.The final project/pitch was a great experience that really challenged me in ways regular code work couldn't: working with peers, managing time, and meeting expectations. All of these are things that I deal with on a regular basis now and I'm grateful for the practice I had.Afterwards, I found a job fairly easy. I was setup with a lot of contacts from the tech scene in Tokyo through all of the Le Wagon events. I'm currently working for an e-commerce startup that does a lot of work on Shopify. We develop apps, plugins, you name it, to help merchants and consumers in Japan. To this day, I still talk with a lot of people through the program and will be forever grateful for it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Since I was young, I have spent a lot of time, doing various online courses to try to learn how to code by myself without a lot of success. I made an Engineering school hoping I'll learn the basics of code. Unfortunately it didn't happen. Moreover I didn't... Read More really appreciate the industrial world.I knew I would want to work in the startup environment and in the tech world. So I decided to enroll at Le Wagon a few weeks after my diploma. Le Wagon exactly met my needs and I felt confident to work right after the bootcamp.The teaching method is pretty incredible and before enrolling, I didn't expect I would learn this much in only two months.  I'm currently working as a junior web developer in a web agency and Le Wagon gave me the basic and necessary knowledge to build websites in RoR. Le Wagon was one of the most powerful experience in my life !Read Less",le-wagon
"I am Math student in Queen Mary University. I was always intrested in coding but never have time to properly do it. During my first year of university, I was doing some codecademy courses which gave me some basic knowledge. Then I realised that I love... Read More to code and want to extend my coding knowledge. That is why I join lewagon.Lewagon gave me a great opportunity to meet new friends. A learned a lot during a bootcamp. After I bootcamp I feel confident enough to do mine own project and learning hard concepts on my owm because I go that base knowledge from Lewagon. Lewagon gave the passion to code and motivation to learn more!Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi, my name is Luana, I'm a civil engineer by training and I was at a moment of my life when I wanted to change something in my career. I chose Le Wagon on the recommendation of a friend and to be honest I was a little afraid at first to “jump"" as i did... Read More not know anything about programming. But let me tell you that I completely loved the course, the studying environment was awesome, the friends I made there were the best, and the teachers are great. After I completed Le Wagon bootcamp, I now feel confident to talk about programming with anyone and have been able to finally kickstart the personal projects I had in mind for so long. Today 100% of the work I do is linked to the knowledge I got from the course, either on the freelance gigs I took or my own projects.Read Less",le-wagon
"I joined Le Wagon Berlin in July 2017 after having finished my Master’s degree in Industrial Engineering with a specialization in mechanical engineering. Having worked as an intern in big industrial companies I realized I'd rather prefer working in a... Read More more entrepreneurial company or start-up. At the same time I recognized that pure mechanical engineers probably won’t be as much in demand as before due to growing digitalization. Being able to handle interfaces especially to IT is one of the important key capabilities for future engineers. I was evaluating two coding bootcamps in Berlin and decided for Le Wagon, because of three reasons:- They already taught over 90 batches, which means over the time and with all the experience they must have optimized their program and lessons to a high quality level- Ruby is a stable programming language - Really good price and time frameIn the end my expectations were even exceeded. The teachers were amazingly motivating and competent, I met interesting people from different professional backgrounds, and the exercises enable a step-by-step learning process. All in all you really learn a lot of web developing capabilities within a short amount of time. I fell in love with Ruby because the programming language is really easy to learn for beginners, the logic behind it is easy to grasp and when you’re able to manage one programming language very well you can learn other languages very quickly. I will start a job as junior developer in a few weeks and during the interview I managed to solve a coding challenge which convinced my interviewer, who was even surprised that I implemented it that well, to hire me. He expected a more basic solution after only learning coding for 9 weeks, because I literally started with zero knowledge before Le Wagon. I guess that speaks for the teaching quality :-).Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I was student in Amsterdam. At the time there was no Le Wagon in Amsterdam so I decided to go for London as it's a real tech hub. When I signed up, my thought process was that I'd learn to code for fun and go back to Amsterdam... Read More to do my Bachelors. But I was very wrong. Le Wagon London has changed me forever. I really did not see myself wanting to continue my career as a developer but the skills you leave with give you such freedom with your life. The teacher's enthusiasm is infectious. The program made me realise in the first week that I had made one of the most meaningful decisions of my life. I am now confident that I have full control of my future, and it's an empowering feeling.I feel confident in an interview situation and look forward to the future. Now I will have life long access to Le Wagon's platform, the ever growing alumni community and will have the support forever.Read Less",le-wagon
"""I was working in finance in the biggest fintech in France but after 3 years, I needed to change and I wanted to have more technical skills. I choose Le Wagon because of all the good reviews and because of it's own methodology. You have to be proficient,... Read More it's intensive and you practice a lot, coding with great partners each time. I didn't regret it at all. Now I'm back in Paris and continue to code on my spare time. My goal is to start a freelance career as a developer in 2018.Monteil Alexandre - Batch 63 - Montreal""Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi ! I was one of the students of batch #11 in Paris (07/2015 - 09/2015) and I worked as a Teacher Assistant at Le Wagon. Here's a fact-based review of the full-stack training.TL;DRLife changing. Le Wagon + (whatever your background) = &lt;3. After Le Wagon,... Read More I've worked as a back-end developer at Brand And Celebrities, a Paris-based celebrity marketing platform for the past 6 months. I'm now moving to the San Francisco to work at Scalr, a cloud management platform.Why Le Wagon ?As a business school student, I suffered from two pains :- I had product ideas, but I couldn't realize them or either test them because I was not really able to code.- I felt like my business school degree wouldn't be enough to land my dream position / found a company. I was missing out on something.The folks at Le Wagon solved these two pains. Because of its focus on entrepreneurship, Le Wagon is not yet another coding bootcamp. It's the best training for any aspiring entrepreneur.The 9 weeks - What I LearntAt the end of the 9-week program, I was able to :- Clone within one week Airbnb and pitch our product MVP in front of the community.- Upgrade my skills through online resources way easier than before (I never completed an online tutorial before attending Le Wagon).- Have conversations with experienced developers or engineers, understand their mindset and work with them.At the end, you'll be fully proficient in Ruby. You'll know how to shape up your website with the latest trends in front-end development. You'll be a master of Rails, the framework behind SoundCloud, Airbnb, Shopify &amp; GitHub. You'll build a business in an afternoon thanks to APIs. You'll experience coding as a team with Git &amp; GitHub. You'll feel the stress before the final production release.Disclaimer : You'd better be prepared. Do as much as you can before you actually start the training to avoid missing the boat. Learning how to code is absolutely engaging, but it does require a lot of hard work. I found myself coding ~ 75 hours / week. And loved it.The PeopleI've had the chance to meet amazing people during and after the 9-week training. Since I also worked as a Teacher Assistant, I can tell you you'll never be alone. There's always someone to give you a helping hand, whether it might be a buddy, an alumnus or a teacher. The background of the participants is incredibly diverse : businessmen, artists, designers, architects, lawyers, engineers, ...We've been having monthly reunions with the folks of my batch. I was co-opted as a back-end developer by a Le Wagon alumni. I'm going to work with a friend from my batch. We have an alumni platform where we can ask for help, find job, and find resources. You can attend to monthly meetups about code (like Paris.rb) or entrepreneurship (Le Wagon Meetups). Its community is really what makes Le Wagon stand out.So is it worth it ?Absolutely. Le Wagon's been a game-changer for me. I would never have done so much in so little time without it, and I could never be more thankful to the staff for that.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always knew that I wanted to code, but I was afraid to try as it seemed to me as something very difficult at that time, so I spent about half a year doing various online courses, but I still couldn't build anything by my own. That's where Le Wagon shines,... Read More it doesn't simply teach you the syntax of the language, it gives you the mindset you need, it teaches you the way to approach a problem and solve it, because coding is not about the language syntax, it's the easiest part in fact, breaking down the task and finding the ways to build/solve the task is what coding is, syntax comes very easy when you know what you have to do. The pace of the course is fast and I can say that it was pretty intensive, but you'd be surprised of what you can build after only 9 weeks of Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi everyone,I attended Le Wagon in Paris in summer 2017.I was already working in IT as a Production Integrator and I was constantly interacting with developers.Soon I realized that my job was boring - I wanted their job !So I quit my job and signed up... Read More to Le Wagon. The journey is incredible, extremely intense (9 weeks) but worth it. I’ve learned more in 9 weeks that I would’ve done in years learning by myself or with online tools.2 months later, I moved to London, and am now working as a freelance web developper full time, from building websites for small clients and assistant teaching. I couldn’t be more pleased with the result.If you ever enroll, you’ll discover a new way of thinking, you’ll meet incredible people from various backgrounds and create an extremely well connected network.I did it and it changed my life for the better, I can only recommend you to do the same !Take care.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon changed my life. Not only because I have a new skill now, but learning how to code also helped me to think different. Coding is not a sprint, is a more like a marathon. You have to go step by step, and you bring that mindset to your life too.... Read MoreWhen you want to learn something new, your surroundings play an important role – positive or negative. So moving to Barcelona to learn how to code and change my life seemed an interesting combination. If Gaudi was able to design colorful and different projects living in Barcelona, why wouldn’t I get the same inspiration when coding? Bingo!I spent thirteen years as a journalist and public relations. Technology always fascinated me, so I had the opportunity during my career to either write some (less than expected) stories related to technology or to create, as public relations, communications plans about technology in companies where I worked. A couple of years ago I started to get more familiar with coding. I can’t believe that I, as a communicator, knew little (or nothing) about what’s behind a web platform. Asking this question – how does a web platform really work? - brought me to a complete new world. I started to take some online courses, attended some developers conference and tried to learn more about it. I found out that for a guy like me, without a real technology background, learning on my own without any previous knowledge was hard. After months of research, I learned about coding bootcamps, and made the decision to take a break on my career and do one in Europe.Le Wagon stood up during my researches. I read many positive reviews about it (all true, by the way). I asked some friends who knew about coding to analyze the content of the course, and all of them gave me the green light. Since Le Wagon is in many different cities, I chose Barcelona - I wanted to be inspired by Gaudi. Le Wagon is located at the lovely and lively Gracia neighborhood – the new place is very comfortable, with a clean design - and I was lucky enough to pass by in front some of Gaudi’s buildings everyday on my way back home. Now let’s talk about the course itself. The 9 weeks seemed like a rollercoaster to me. Full of ups and downs – but with a great feeling in the end -, learning how to code takes you back to your childhood moments. You play, you try, you fail, you get frustrated, you search for help, you learn, you try again and you succeed. The teachers are there to help, and you also learn a lot with your peers. Sometimes you need help, sometimes you’re the one who helps. The classes are well structured. They give us a lot of content that may make you think you won’t be able to follow. But everything falls together during the project weeks. I was amazed that my group was able to build a solid project from scratch - http://www.peerviews.eu - platform for peer reviews. I enjoyed a lot working on it, as this project allowed us to build a strong backend - students would evaluate (randomly and anonymously) their peers’ reports, check their papers’ reviews and next assignments. Teachers would be able to get all the data from students’ evaluations displayed in different graphs. And to think that all started with a black screen two weeks before the demo day. An important thing is to come to this coding bootcamp with your mind open. Enjoy everyday. Work hard. That’s what I did. I now have a good knowledge to keep learning on my own. At Le Wagon I found a new passion and a new career. I made friends. Maybe startup partners, since we want to keep working on our project. I just know that now I can’t stop coding and I will never look at web applications as before.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a product owner (more or less a project manager) in a Startup working with a team of 5 developers. I started to look at Le Wagon to fill some technical needs that would help me to do my job in a better way.Before joining Le Wagon you need to do... Read More some homework, it allows you to see if it’s really what you want to do but it also allows you to have a basic level in programing. At this point I realized, I would really love this experience.“Learning everyday” could be the baseline of Le Wagon because that’s what you will do. It is challenging but Le Wagon’s team is here to help you make the most of these 9 weeks.Finally, thanks to Le Wagon I met incredible people with different backgrounds but the same objective, learning to code. This group dynamic is amazing and rewarding.I have not decided yet what the next steps will be but I know I will continue learning to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon far surpasses any of my previous learning experiences! I’d even say that it’s more fun than most vacations I’ve had.If you’re considering this course, you’re going to go through three stages:Stage 1: You are skeptical that you can learn to code... Read More in 9 weeks.I live in San Francisco, have had a career for over 10 years in operations in startup tech companies, and I am surrounded by coding bootcamps. There is literally one 500 feet from my apartment. Given my exposure to programming via startups, and living in San Francisco, I was extremely skeptical that I could adequately learn full-stack development in 9 weeks abroad.But, I decided to go with Le Wagon London for two reasons: The glowing reviews and the diversity of students (international and non-tech backgrounds). My goal was to learn full-stack development and make new friends from different walks of life.Stage 2: You realize how hard coding is, and how good Le Wagon is at teaching it.The first few weeks are spent learning the core fundamentals of programming and Ruby. The second half of the course is spent learning front-end, database, and rails – which includes a lot of real-world examples such as geo-location and payment processing. The coursework is tough and the pace is grueling (close to 8 hours a day of coding!), but you have ample help with teammates, TAs, and the teachers themselves. I found it difficult even though I understood most of the core concepts before I came to the course as I had worked on the operations side of SaaS tech companies previously.Luckily, the teachers are BRILLIANT. They are able to explain concepts so that anyone is able to understand them. That takes an extremely special skillset that all the teachers seem to do so easily.The TAs are from previous batches. These are prior students who are helping you solve problems when some of them literally learned to code 9 weeks ago, which is amazing!! It was really helpful to learn from them, as they understand exactly what you are going through.Stage 3: You realize that you get so much more than the amount you paid. When I completed the bootcamp, I left with much more than I expected. I made genuine connections with my classmates, and surprisingly with the teachers and staff as well. All of them are so approachable, caring, and friendly. They want you to succeed, which is definitely something that’s missing from the San Francisco / Silicon Valley scene. These are people that I laughed with, cried with, and partied with during the 9 weeks. There was no forced interaction, it was all very organic, and they are now all friends for life.You also leave with an extensive and international network of developers via SLACK that no other course can really compare with. It’s a huge network but it also feels very accessible. That is invaluable!After telling my family and friends about the program. Many of them wanted to do the program! One of my friends already started the batch in Tokyo and she is loving it. My wife (who is a lawyer and has a great career) wants to go do an upcoming batch just to have a great experience and learn more about tech.As for me, I’ve started working on my own ideas, and have even started learning Python on my own. My advice to anyone reading this is to do Le Wagon even if Ruby isn’t the language you want to learn. You will leave with a completely new mindset that will allow you to learn other languages rapidly!Read Less",le-wagon
"This 9-week training was amazing in every aspect. Only 24 students. No background required. High-quality teachers. And the structure of the course (the progression, the material and the density) is very smartly done. I couldn't have imagined when I subscribed... Read More to this full stack course that I would get this incredible level.but don't get me wrong, in order to become a professional backend developer you need to keep on coding, there is no magic. However this might be the best course you can find to get very quickly on the right path... And on top of that the alumni population is superdynamic and reactive !!!Read Less",le-wagon
"Pros: The concluding goal of the bootcamp is having 2 prototype rails project up and running on Heroku. It is very well structured to build the students' knowledge from Ruby, then object oriented programming, DB, ORM, ActiveRecord, frontend tools, and... Read More Rails. You learn from not only taking lectures, but mostly by working on exercises designed to hit each point of the day's lecture. Having 2 projects ready to showcase to future employers led me to many job interviews directly after the bootcamp. During the project weeks, you are encouraged to implement features you think suit the project. While doing so, we learned to look correct places to learn about the features and implementation. This I think is the greatest strength of the bootcamp for training the students to become curious developers and keep learning and improving on their own.Cons: This bootcamp focuses on learning functional (backend) part of projects. They do teach and use frontend tools, but it is not aiming to train people to become web designers. (On the other hand, if you already have web designing skills, the bootcamp can be a great place to complete your Full Stack)Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon was an incredible experience for me. I expected a quick, intense and professionnal training and it was definitly a good choice. The courses are adjustables for every students and teachers are awesome. Thanks to Le Wagon I found a job right way... Read More after the training.I highly recommand it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended the 9 week bootcamp Le Wagon @Lille in May 2017 and clearly this experience met all the expectations I had when joining Le Wagon.I have always wanted to learn how to code especially since I launched my own SaaS startup a few years ago without... Read More having the technical knowledge. Courses at Le Wagon are intensive but you know why you're here, you want to learn how to develop a MVP in a few weeks. The team of teachers in Lille is amazing and inspiring and they're always happy to help on any subject, which is really interesting and helpful. When joining Le Wagon, you're not only learning Ruby on Rails but you'll be part of a Alumni group.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've attended Le Wagon in Paris three years ago. When I look back now, this is the best decision I have ever made.The 9 weeks program is really well shaped: you start with painful days of Ruby programming, doing everything from scratch. Every week you... Read More add a layer: database, front-end, rails, until the last three project weeks. The teachers are 100% committed, always friendly and willing to help. Students are super international and the network brings you great job and after-bootcamp opportunities.What could have been better:Back in the days, we didn't have so many community events. But this is something they worked on really hard. Now I am proud to be a Le Wagon alumni!What I loved:The content, the product and entrepreneurial approach!Read Less",le-wagon
"I had a terrific experience @LeWagon Bordeaux Batch #85, never learn so much in such a short time. The atmosphere is super friendly and yet very professional. The teaching staff is dedicated, passionate and experienced. I chose Bordeaux for 2 reasons.... Read More First, the entrepreneurial ecosystem is exploding and not saturated yet. Second, I am an outdoor lover. Having the beach, the countryside and Spain within easy reach was just a blast !!I joined the Bootcamp to gain legitimacy and technicity as a product manager in the tech industry. Also, now that I know how to develop an MVP I am eager to launch my own project! ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is the greatest learning experience I've done in my life.By fate, I got interested in coding thought a very basic (and optional) course of web programming during the last semester of my BBA in Finance in Montreal. I immediately knew that I had... Read More to learn more about programming and try to move away from a banking job that would have probably (surely) bored me to death.I did some researches and found out you can actually learn enough to start a new career in the tech industry in only 9 weeks of coding bootcamp, and with a great deal of motivation and determination: https://www.lewagon.com/One month after the bootcamp and thanks to Le Wagon's community and help, I was able to find a job in Paris/Marseille as a Front-End developer in a fintech startup. I can assure you that you will never regret the skills you will acquire, the people you will meet, and the experience you will live during these 9 weeks.Change your life, learn to code.Raphael Regnier - Le Wagon student batch-77 MontréalRead Less",le-wagon
"I followed the wagon course at the beginning of 2015 in Paris. The course content is great, the teachers are great, the athmosphere is amazing. I met a lot of motivated and inspiring people and I gained the necessary skills to developp my project and... Read More work as a fullstack web-developper. I also attended a React &amp; Redux one week course with le Wagon this year that helped me extend my dev skills. Very good schoolRead Less",le-wagon
"I want to be clear on this: Le Wagon has been one of the best choice I made in my life!Before being involved in the bootcamp, I had been studying Business Management and I worked in various subjects including SEO, sales and business development. I had... Read More no technical skills but I wanted to be able to code so that I can start my own company later on.And honestly, Le Wagon totally outperformed my expectations: the method to quickly improve your coding skills is well-designed and they give you the proper tools to enable you to start a career in the development world (entrepreneurs/freelance/tech companies).For my part, I am now using my dual business/coding skills to start my company in the foodtech world and I've been hired for a part-time freelance mission.It is worth it, definitely !Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m Robby, alumni at le Wagon in Paris (batch 83). I didn't know anything about coding before joining le Wagon. I was just a business analyst in the tech industry who wanted to learn code to have larger tech skills valuable in the industry. I can say... Read More that I am not disappointed, I was even surprised by the level that I acquired in only 2 months. This was the most exciting and intense summer that I had in my life, every day was a challenge but it was worth it. The program is well constructed, you end up knowing the back-end (you develop in Ruby with the framework Ruby on Rails) and the front-end ( you learn Javascript, HTML5 and CSS3). I discovered at Le Wagon that I can build anything that I have in my mind, being able to code enables you to do that. most important takeaway from my time there is the way of learning, I feel that I can quickly learn any programming language. For a person like me who didn’t know how to Code and who finally built a music streaming app for influencers is just insane. And towards my initial goal who was to make valuable my skills in the tech industry, I can say that the skills I added to my profile were a strong added value that allowed me to land a job at Amazon Web Services. As a matter of fact, nobody should hesitate to join Le Wagon, it is a good investment, it is worth it.Read Less",le-wagon
"At some point of my life and career as a marketeer, I have come to realize the fantastic paradigm shift our society was experiencing : Internet technologies could unleash more creativity than ever and offer efficient and meaningful opportunities to fulfill... Read More in this world. As a chef needs to know his ingredients to make great recipe through their combinations, it came to me as an evidence that I needed to give more interest and get better understanding and real experiences of web-development. The next question then was how to fill the gap.2 years ago, I stumbled upon Le Wagon On-Demand courses and got involved in the very first one. And light suddenly came :) I could feel that all this technical stuff could not remain so murky to me if I could practise it more.I eventually made my decision to join the 9-week intensive FullStack programme. It turned out to be much more than gaining essential and practical technical skills : I could meet as well a great community of entrepreneurs and doers with the same awesome energy. I enjoyed a lot the pedagogy and the caring atmosphere brought by the teaching staff. Through the different meetups the team organized on a weekly basis, I could also get a more accurate and relevant picture of web-development business and its underlying jobs.This programme was indeed the best experience I could ever imagine to springboard me into the 21st Century! Thanks for that!Thanks to the programme, I have been able to keep learning a lot by myself and with the help of the community. I could launch my first own-built website for my company (https://www.novexpat.fr) and I am currently developing a web app for my students and customers.Le Wagon FullStack Programme was just what I needed to bring me and my ideas way more further than I could expect. I thoroughly 100% recommend it!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was in one of the first batch (#3) and I can tell that Le Wagon has great staff, well designed program, inspiring meetups from the beginning.What I learnt :- how to code- how to develop a great product- to adopt a lean approachMuch recommended for entrepreneurs.... Read More I also found a co-founder among my classmates.You can see our company here : www.roadstr.frI know they have made huge improvements since 2014 so I guess the program is now better than awesome.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le wagon has been an amazing experience, and I would recommend it to anyone looking to become a developer. Overall the course is very intense, and you have to prepare yourself mentally for the challenge ahead. However throughout the 9 weeks there is a... Read More constant stream of help and support for your coding tasks, as well as brilliant advice from experienced developers. Often after the learning day has ended there are also lectures from CEOs of tech startups, successful developers and entrepreneurs at the Google campus - the depth and range of knowledge available to you at Le Wagon is seemingly endless. Thanks to me finally biting the bullet and doing the 9 weeks, I am now building websites freelance and will actually be going back to Le Wagon to be a teaching assistant. You will not regret doing this course!Read Less",le-wagon
"""Change your life: learn to code"". Never has a catchphrase been so accurate, at least that's what I have come to realise, nearly three weeks after completing batch #83 in Paris!When I decided to join Le Wagon earlier this year, I had worked for nearly... Read More 10 years in various audit &amp; accounting positions. While I did enjoy the financial security that comes with this kind of career, I couldn't help but thinking that I wasn't using my potential to its fullest and that I was somehow wasting my time. This frustration, combined with a fondness for all things logic and a curiosity for IT in general, made me just go for it. It's tough to describe these 9 weeks in a few lines but I'd say that narrowing it down to the different programming tools/languages taught wouldn't do the course justice. The first thing that impressed me was the motivation of students taking part. We were all here for a reason, whether it is a carreer change, a career start or a start-up creation, yet the willingness to succeed was prevailing, and that's not so easy to find in the corporate world. Also, the program is well structured, with a lecture in the morning followed by coding exercises in pair (with a different randomly picked buddy every day so you get to know everyone) where you apply what you've learnt. Lectures are available in .pdf and in video, there are flashcards to capture key notions of the day. Teachers are alumni themselves so they know students' expectations, so are TAs. There are side events organised several times per week such as talks by founders/alumni, afterworks, etc. But to me the most valuable aspect of Le Wagon is its alumni community. Upon graduating, you have access to job offers, freelance missions, technical help, etc. It's a whole network that suddenly becomes accessible.After the course, I've decided to become a freelancer (it had been on my mind for a while), and I'm now about to start a freelance gig helping out one of my former Le Wagon classmate launch his startup in the field of accounting, something I would have never considered possible 6 months ago! So to anyone wishing for a change, bearing a project or just eager to learn how to code, I strongly recommend you give Le Wagon a try, you won't regret it:)Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was in my third year at Queen Mary University. While studying, I founded a P2P learning platform where students can learn from other students that aced their module. We had over 60 hours of tutoring during the 2 weeks of testing. I felt... Read More I needed technical knowledge to take my business to the next level and let me tell you that Le Wagon did not let me down! The program consists of 9 weeks of pure hard work. I learnt more at Le Wagon than during my 3 years at business school (and I was a good student). But the best part of it is the people. I met the best teachers I ever had there and made amazing friends.So if you are willing to excel and make the best out of your time don't think it twice and join Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 2.5 years working in M&amp;A, I was looking for something different. I wanted to join the start-up industry. As an entrepreneur, a product manager, a developer ? I didn’t know. I chose to do Le Wagon as I could do any of these jobs.The bootcamp is great... Read More for many things: * Good coding knowledge : you know everything you need to start as a junior RoR developer* Experience in designing a web app : the project helps you to develop skills in UI and UX areas* Experience coding an MVP : you know how to build fast in an efficient way with a team or at least you know after the project what you need to do differentlyBefore doing Le Wagon I didn’t plan to work as a developer but I really liked coding so I found a job as an RoR developer in a start-up. As my CTO told me, Rails has no secret to me which is a good feedback. After almost 3 months, I still have a look at Le Wagon’s lectures.I had the lead to build a MVP for the company and it went very well thanks to my previous experience during the Bootcamp.My last word would be GO, GO, GO !Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is surely one of the best experiences I had in my life, even more than I could have expected!Before the bootcamp, I studied engineering and I was taught high school students, but I wasn’t really satisfied with my work, my studies and the environment.... Read MoreI’ve always been really curious about modern technologies and the start-up world, so I decided to try to understand how all the instruments we are using today are working, searching the web and following online tutorials to learn how I could build some prototypes of ideas I had in mind, but I found out that online tutorials were’t enough for me to really learn to code and build my own products, so I decided to look for a coding bootcamp.After some researches on the internet I found in Le Wagon the place that perfectly suited my needs and applied for a summer course in Lisbon… the best choice I could have done!The way the entire bootcamp is organised is just awesome! All the people involved, the drivers, teachers and all the other students, were from the first moment amazing and always friendly.The first weeks of the bootcamp are focused on Ruby, a very modern and powerful back-end language, and are really hard if you are not accustomed to staying all day at a computer, but once time passes and Ruby notions are quickly building up along with front-end languages, it became more and more fun!The second part of the school is focused on Rails, an incredible framework built on Ruby, that allows you to build amazing products with very powerful features.Learning to collaborate is also a very important step, and the final weeks of the bootcamp are all about collaboration: students are divided by groups and they have to build and deploy a web app in 2 weeks.At the end of the bootcamp we had a great event where we presented our products, 7 amazing final projects built from 26 students from all over the world in just 2 weeks, and I felt very proud of everyone!My groups final project was Papyru, an education platform that allows students and teachers to connect. We had to work really hard but we were all amazed by what we were able to accomplish in just 2 weeks!Is very sad to finish the bootcamp, you really wish it could last forever! I made a lot of connections with awesome people and now I feel I have the freedom and the tools to build anything I want. I loved it, I’m still living in Lisbon working with the amazing people I met, and I definitely recommend it to anyone who’s into technology and wants to change his life!Read Less",le-wagon
"I strongly recommend Le Wagon bootcamp !I did it during summer 2017. My best friend who had done it in Bordeaux the year before, advised me to do it.It’s such a fulfilling human and work experience. The 9 weeks are really intense.Their pedagogical system... Read More breaks with the classic one that you usually encounter in schools etc. You can work in any way you like, the system enhances your capabilities and gives you the will and strength to give the best of yourself.The way the staff supports you throughout the entire experience is a good illustration of this. They are there to help and encourage you, even more when you doubt of yourself.Signing up for le Wagon means :- Learning new things everyday with a different buddy of your batch, and supervised by a super cool staff- Meeting, having fun and working with people with very different backgrounds both professionally and personally - Participating in very interesting and diverse talks and events (you can even organize them if you want !!) every week- Having the opportunity to build your own personal projects- Leaving with all the tools to keep coding, and to continue learning by yourself- Being a part of the network of le Wagon, and as such, having contacts almost everywhere where you can find le Wagon alumni Whether you know something or not about coding before enrolling, you’ll leave with a unique experience and a big smile on your face.As they say « change your life, learn to code » !! :grinning:Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I started the wagon, I was a marketing manager of IT company in Japan. After few years of working on projects with startups and developers, I felt the need to grow my technical skills and thought a bootcamp of a few months would be perfect. I decided... Read More to join Le Wagon because it is the best bootcamp in Japan and, luckily, also one of the best in the world. Plus, I had collected nothing but very positive feedback about this training from my friends / network.These 9 weeks of intense coding were probably some of the most enriching weeks of my life. The quality of the teachers, the real learning challenge set by the day to day pace, the new connections with really cool and interesting people, the Yoga classes... I truly recommend this bootcamp.What was very interesting and useful for me is:- I’ve got to know more about Developer and entrepreneurial culture through great teachers and assistants- I’ve got to know more about importance of Digital experience by designed, implemented and shipped to production a clone of Airbnb- I’ve got to know latest web development techniques and Digital trends through great materials- I’ve got to know what is product Management and how to do it by making Rails prototypeI’m now looking for a new role which would engage more with Developers and startups. I think I can say this bootcamp enabled me to build an interesting profile, both business and technical.Thanks again to Le Wagon Tokyo! I still feel Meguro is my hometown!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was fresh out of University and excited to join the work force, until I found myself with 3 years worth of theoretical knowledge… but no hard skills. I decided then and there that I wanted to: learn how to code, meet people in the Tech industry, and... Read More travel to a new country. That’s when I found Le Wagon Amsterdam.I’m so grateful that I did, because I got exactly what I was looking for. At Le Wagon you learn from skilled and dedicated teachers. You meet new people pursuing similar goals. You become part of a highly active tech community. Also, most importantly, you get 9 weeks of being engaged and challenged (that was my favourite part).As a candidate with these in-demand skills, I now stand out in my applications to multiple research programs. In the future, I hope to join a start-up and have more learning experiences. I feel that opportunities have opened up to me and for that I can thank Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"A few years ago, as I was working as a UX Design Lead for a startup in Boston, I grew more and more curious about coding. I wanted to be able to build what I created, to get the technical side too.I checked several online courses, onsite workshops &amp; even... Read More attended some evening classes but in the end, it always felt like I was standing too close to the wall to see the big picture. All these small chunks of HTML, CSS, JS I learned about were fun to play with, but how would I go from there to building an actual app? What were the steps, how did the interactions between the languages work, what should I use for which situation, where should I host my code... ? The gap was too big, I needed guidance and motivation. I flew back to Paris to attend Le Wagon’s bootcamp, and I got exactly what I came for. Great teachers helped me to connect all the dots, while my fellow classmates made these 9 weeks truly fun and happy. Every day would bring new knowledge and a better understanding of the whole thing. As hard as it was, by the end we all got to code from scratch products that we were proud of. We earned valuable skills, and we made great friends. What more could you ask for?I would recommend le Wagon to anyone who’s truly curious about code and eager to dive into a new life experience. Trust me, you won’t regret it !Read Less",le-wagon
"Many people will tell you that you can learn everything about coding on your own online for free. That's right but Le wagon provides you with very well structured courses, some teachers are here all day long to help you understanding various concepts... Read More needed to start.I think that if you never had any contact with code, starting with other highly motivated people with courses and exercices to follow is one of the best Kickstarter you can ever imagine.There is no technical background required, only a deep motivation.At the end of these 2 months, you will not only be able to write your first web application using Ruby on Rails, but you will understand what are the differences between all the ""computer langages"" that you heard about. Studying at le Wagon will not make you a full stack developper in 2 months but it will allow you to understand the big picture about coding, you will be able to face one by one the challenges that are waiting for you if you start working on your own web application, and if you want to go further you'll be able to do it on your own.The icing on cake about Le Wagon is the network and community revolving around, if you are looking for a job or if you feel stuck with a new feature that you want to add to your project, you will always find someone to chat with.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a great human experience that teaches a problem solving mindset. Within few days, I learned more about programing than in months of self-teaching.Thanks to a great teaching that emphasizes on collaboration between motivated students, I am... Read More able to quickly switch from an idea to an high level MVP, on my own.I deeply recommend this bootcamp to any entrepreneurial spirit.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi,I finished Le Wagon a year ago doing their 6th batch and this was the biggest (and coolest) shift in my life. Here are some details about Le Wagon.Intensive and focused on best practicesThe curriculum is really challenging. Some stats to illustrate... Read More my point: you get to learn five different ""languages"" (ruby, Javascript, HTML, CSS, SQL) not to mention the libraries and frameworks (Rails, Sinatra, jQuery, React). The pace is fast and you've got to work hard, with 50 hours of code per week to really benefits from the program. In addition to the great courses by experienced teachers, Le Wagon has developed internal tools and learning platforms (with lectures and videos) that help you digest best practices and be autonomous at the end of the 2 months.Startup ecosystem9 weeks is short but enough to dive deep in the world of tech startups and adopt this culture.I was a perfect newbie and I easily became ""startup-fluent"" through contact with Le Wagon ecosystems, through meetups, talks, and workshops organised every week.I loved going back to school and to fill in a batch atmosphere with coding buddies who became real friends spending my whole time with us during this 9 weeks. Le Wagon builds a great community of alumni and I enjoy being one of them. We take pleasure to meet each other through Le Wagon weekly events or around a beer.Great Program, Great Staff, Great ProjectsI discovered a high-quality curriculum built like LEGO where each piece improves and completes the previous one, and where you always code a library by yourself before we give you the built-in tool for that. Morning courses are provided by great teachers. Sometimes a bit fast (event if 1h30 long) but then you get helped by awesome teaching-assistants during the day. The last 2 weeks of the program are dedicated to coding your own project and the results are just great: https://www.lewagon.com/fr/alumniLearn to code, boost your profile, change your lifeStudents come to Le Wagon with different goals, choose yours. I was private-teacher in Mathematics, Physics and Biology during 5 years after a Master degree in Marine Biology. When a friend told me I should follow Le Wagon fullstack program, I thought that would be cool to add this skill to my teaching offer, and why not start doing some freelance dev with it.So I enrolled it and it really changed my life. One week only after the end of the bootcamp, I was already working on freelance missions for a startup. After a year of code for different projects like thepixeler (a digital artwork sharing platform), MaShareEcole (the school network for parents in France) and MissionBiberon (a MOOC for parents having babies), etc.. I finally joined Le Wagon as an official teacher and developer.As I told you, very cool life shift.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before, I was in the Real Estate business. I needed change. I had always been very attracted to entrepreneurship. Therefore I decided to join Le Wagon and it happened to be the best decision I made these last years! It was an incredible human experience!... Read More We learnt a lot of stuff in 9 weeks, including several famous web languages. Your business ideas also grow up during the program. You get to meet people who are in the same mood, and Le Wagon's reputation is very beneficial for what you do afterwards, whether you want to create a startup, find a job, or to start a freelancing career. I totally recommend it!!Read Less",le-wagon
"What I have gone through during my 2 months @ Le Wagon is priceless. I learnt all the best practices to build web applications in the fastest and most efficient manner, with the best technologies available. There's no place for bullshit, it's just code... Read More and surprisingly a lot of fun.Le Wagon is the most demanding training I have ever done but also the most rewarding and fulfilling in terms of stuff learnt and people met. You learn something new every day, if not every hour of the training, and the start-up mindset of the batch is greatly motivating. The lead teacher has 10+ years experience in coding and he knows everything about nearly everything.Get in touch with them for more info, they are very responsive, helpful and friendly. If you're ready to change your life of course!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was a fantastic experience for me! I had done an Economics BSc in London and was about to enter a Masters in Business, and basically had very little coding knowledge when I took the course.The structure of the bootcamp is perfectly thought of... Read More so that you learn the most in the 9 weeks you are there.The teachers, the students and the spirit of Le Wagon make the whole experience extremely enjoyable, and the amount you learn in only two months is spectacular! Motivated students would be able to apply for junior developer roles and see a whole new job industry opening its doors to them, which is really exciting!I unreservedly recommend the bootcamp to anyone feeling remotely tempted! It's stimulating and fun, let alone useful for any professional project you may have! Charles Cazals, Lisbon Batch 86Read Less",le-wagon
"It might be cliché but doing Le Wagon Montréal truly changed my life. Before the course, I was not working or studying anything related to coding or computer science. I came from a background of hockey refereeing, sound engineering and video editing.... Read More After completing Le Wagon Montreal’s 9 week coding bootcamp, I am still working and improving upon the final project we built in the last 2 weeks of the bootcamp. I learned how to build a website from scratch in just 9 weeks and now I’m using those skills to keep building the website for my business: zebrasclub.com. I also met a lot of incredible people because of the Wagon Talks, which provided access to entrepreneurs and influential people in the Montreal tech industry. That being said, the most important part of my experience is that I met great friends from around the world, and we continue to collaborate on my projects as well as theirs.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a degree in Humanities, and an assorted professional background in customer service, tourism, teaching, and NGO work. I spent the past 10 years moving around countries and continents, enjoying every job and place a fair bit, but never feeling completely... Read More satisfied with what I was doing. I didn’t dislike any of the jobs, but at the same time I felt stuck and like I had already plateaued. I’ve always loved (using) technology, so I’d been eyeing coding for a few years and started several free online classes, but even though I always enjoyed the coding itself, the short courses never really stuck. I just felt like the tech world was so distant from everything I was, that I always ended up slightly lost and discouraged, with no idea what to do next. I know that some people are fine learning like that from scratch, but for me it wasn’t working. I did really, really want to learn, but I felt like I needed something more concrete to start from, a network and solid basis, and Le Wagon gave me just that!The course in itself was great. It is overall well thought out, you get a bunch of theory in the first three weeks (which I personally loved...not everyone does, and it is not always easy to understand why you are learning it during those first weeks, but it is so useful to have those basics later on even if you don’t remember all of it, trust me!), and then you learn how to actually make things that work and are useful! My final group project was a web app to connect refugees with potential employers in their new countries, so I learned how with coding I can still make things that are connected to my, completely different, professional background and personal interests. Everyone is a tech person, and everything can be made better with tech!Apart from the curriculum, the most important part for me was the support of the teachers and TA’s, and the rest of the group. I think at Le Wagon they understand that group unity is important to make the learning easier, so there is a special attention to that. I truly felt supported by everyone all the way through, and that made a huge difference on the hardest days when none of my code seemed to be working!Another great thing at Le Wagon is that they know and believe that you don’t need a previous background in tech to learn coding! Everyone who gets in has the ability to learn this skill, and you will always be reminded of it if you ever feel bad about your pace of learning! Remember that it is a massive amount of work and learning done in 9 weeks, so you will feel overwhelmed often. There wasn’t a single person in my batch who didn’t go through at least a few days of learning hell (I had way more than a few ;) ). Just run with it, let the adrenaline carry you (but don’t forget to sleep and have fun during the weekends as well), and you’ll see that all those hours will eventually amount to something, even if it seemed like you weren’t achieving anything at the time!My advice is to definitely do the bootcamp if you want to learn coding, and don’t worry too much about the immediate results. You’ll have all the learning materials available forever to practice and learn better, and professional developers have to look things up all the time anyway! It’s not about memorising data. Put in the hours of work, talk to the teachers, support your classmates, and you’ll come out of it with tons of inspiration, a new mindset, a new approach to work and learning, and a complete new understanding of coding.I still have A LOT to learn about coding, but before Le Wagon I felt intimidated by it, like a small club I wanted to get into but wasn’t cool enough for. Now I feel like I’m already part of it, I know how to learn, I sort of know what I’m doing, and can’t wait to do more of it! I am excited (rather than scared) about my professional future for the first time in years, and that alone was worth all the bootcamp hours in the world!Read Less",le-wagon
"I took part of batch #77 in Montreal during the summer 2017. With a background in Neurosciences, I had been somewhat disappointed by the field of research, notably its lack of autonomy and freedom. I felt like I needed to make a career change and always... Read More had an attraction for coding and technology in general. Doing Le Wagon was a fantastic decision as I managed to find a junior front end developer position even before the end of my training. Those two months have probably been my best experience in terms of education. I met great people coming from every corner of the world and with very different backgrounds, but all focused on a common goal of learning to code. The teaching was excellent and the program in itself targets the right skills that you will need to start a career in tech. Today, one of the technologies I use in my job is different than the ones I've learnt at Le Wagon but the training gave me everything I need to learn new skills quickly and efficiently. To be honest, it had not been an easy decision to take to make such an abrupt career change but I am extremely satisfied that I took it.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a college freshman with an interest in computer science before I joined Le Wagon. I have minimal knowledge, however, about coding and project management before the bootcamp. I really enjoyed my time at Le Wagon---there were so many things to love... Read More about this program. First and foremost, I learned a lot in this two months. The experience of mastering Ruby on Rails, SQL, HTML, CSS, and Javascript in 2 months was a hell of fun. The learning curve was steep and the workload was heavy, but somehow the mentors made the learning process challenging as well as entertaining. After this bootcamp, I got so many opportunities open up to me. The alumni group has job postings nearly every day. I got an internship at a tech consulting company right after the bootcamp. Moreover, our projects with NGO in the last two weeks also inspired me to start a club at my school, using what I learned in this bootcamp to help local non-profits achieve their goals.Last but not least, the people at Le Wagon were 120% inspiring. Every one of the people I met in this two months has some exciting life stories to share, they were the kind of people that you would love to grab a coffee or pull an all-nighter with. Working with people from around the world with different experience also taught me how to be a better team player and how to communicate effectively.I highly recommend this bootcamp to anyone who wants to learn new things, meet passionate people, and build cool shits.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi, I am Florent and I’ve been studying at le wagon last summer during 2 months. It has been an incredible experience and I did not mind for a second trading sunny holidays for a 2 month intense coding experience. I graduated 2 years ago from a french... Read More business school and then lead operations in a startup in Paris. I wasn't a tech guy even if I usually had to deal with tech issues in my previous job. But no coding experience. During 9 weeks, I’ve been able to: - Get skills in Ruby on Rails, Javascript, HTML/CSS, SQL : I am now working as a UX Product and Web Developer. Which means that after Le Wagon, I am able to lead a basic RoR website. I still need to improve my coding skills to build complex applications but Le Wagon gave me the tools and knowledge I need to be able to level up on my own. (i.e. during the bootcamp you build an Airbnb-like which is considered as a basic app)- Learn from amazing teachers : Teachers are part of Le Wagon community and they are really good and very dedicated. You can feel their common will to push you moving forward everyday.- Meet awesome friends : I am currently making projects with friends from my batch. It was a good opportunity to meet persons that share same interest.- Be part of Le Wagon community : which gather thousands of great guys all around the world ready to help you.If you want to build a MVP for a project, improve your coding skills, turn to product / UX jobs or just learn new skills, go for it, it is one of the best investment I have done so far :)Read Less",le-wagon
"What can you do in nine weeks? If you start a sport and take 9 intensive weeks of classes you'll barely be a beginner, if you take up a hobby (i.e. woodcarving) in 9 weeks you can do simple stuff. 9 weeks ago I was a finance graduate with no will to go... Read More and search a job in finance, with tons of ideas and no know-how on how to make them reality. If you're thinking of joining the Le Wagon family you might see some similarities in the identikit above, so here's how it works:Let's not sugarcoat it, it's tough. There will be times where your brain simply won't cooperate (first few weeks in my case) but don't panic, it's normal, your brain is getting bombed with tons of new information. I was a student of Batch #93 London, and in the second week of boot camp I was attending the reboot classes (when you have some ideas of what you're doing but you're not entirely sure, they'll make you attend catch-up classes, best thing ever). The only coding experience I had before joining was copy-pasting command line commands from Google in a Linux vm just to have fun. So, in London, you'll find amazing people that are there to help you, any problem or thing that's not clear just file a ticket and remember everything will make sense once you start the Rails part of the program! At Le Wagon there is not the education system style where teachers are teachers and students are students, the people that are teaching you and helping you out on tickets are alumni of the course (so if they made it why shouldn't you?), every Friday evening you're out with your classmates and teachers drinking and partying.A few tips: - Do the online prep work- Really do the online prep work and don't google the answers for the codecademy tracks. - It's better to arrive at day 1 over-prepared than under- Ask questions, don't worry your classmates are in the same boat as you- Be curious, the people in front of you are an immense source of knowledge that will answer everything, and if they don't know the answer they'll sit down with you to help you figure it out.- Enjoy it, you're about to embark on a 9 week long journey that will really change your life, even if you're attending the course and not planning a career shift you'll see things differently after the course. 9 weeks ago I was a finance graduate with ideas, now Le Wagon gave me the tools to create what I want, I have a hell of an mvp and people would actually hire me!Read Less",le-wagon
"Let me share my awesome experience at Le Wagon and the skills I learnt there!Last year, after I graduated from a business school and after a first short-term experience in product marketing, I felt that I did not know where to look for my next challenge.... Read More The only thing I was sure about, was that I wanted to work in tech but I needed a good grasp of technology, which for a business graduate was not an easy task!I found Le Wagon online and I enrolled, confident that I was making a step towards my goal but unsure about what I was going to actually find there. Honestly, if I had only got a good technology varnish I would have been happy at the time… Instead, in 9 amazing weeks I learnt to code web apps, not small static websites, I mean actual Ruby on Rails apps! Learning such skills in so little time shows how well the curriculum and teachers are prepared. During 9 weeks, you work with a different buddy every day until you have finished the core course. You begin with ruby, before moving into SQL, front end and Rails. Once the core curriculum is over, you team up by groups of 4 to deliver your final project. This method is super effective because collaboration is at the center of the learning experience, you have to adapt to different thinking patterns and profiles to succeed and learn. Plus, it is an incredible community, fun, caring and able to help you debug anything even once you’re no longer a student!And in case you were wondering… I found a job, a permanent position at PayPal! So yeah, pretty straight forward, join Le Wagon, it will do you good!Read Less",le-wagon
"Since I turned 19, I have been working on several entrepreneurial projects from which I was able to gain insights into technology. These practical experiences, coupled with business theoretical knowledge, drove me to acquire the skill sets required to... Read More get an MVP up and running. Testing has become a primordial element of all my professional endeavours and joining Le Wagon FullStack program thus came across as a natural addition to my background. In fact, learning broad coding concepts had tremendous effects on my understanding of prototyping. I am now able to replicate what I have learned during our courses in order to handle other coding languages that I may need. Tackling coding hands-on through exercices (as if it was a 2-month workshop) is also particularly effective in teaching us the rudiments of the developper’s daily work. Moreover, the network built over this short period of time remains diverse and resourceful, which confirms the quality of the program.Today, I work at Kuma Studio: a software design studio I co-founded (it’s based in Paris). We create digital product interfaces and offer UX advice.Read Less",le-wagon
"After seven years working at Goldman Sachs in London and New York, I took a sabbatical. I was looking for something different while capitalising on my business experience. The appeal of the Tech start-up industry became strong to me and I was looking... Read More for the best way to transition into this exciting ecosystem. Rated the best coding school in Europe &amp; the World, I decided to roll-up my sleeves and do Le Wagon’s bootcamp in Paris. Le Wagon’s promise: take motivated people with no coding experience and get them to learn how to develop web apps in nine weeks! How? With an extremely well though-out program, a highly competent teaching team, a fantastic educational platform and access to an ever growing alumni and network of start-ups. From back-end to front-end, you get up to speed smoothly thanks to the balance between classes and coding challenges. There’s true support from the pedagogic team and all the right tools to help you succeed. Plus, beyond pure coding skills, you get to learn how to design a product the start-up way, dev as a team as well as how to master the many services you need to use to launch an app. After six weeks, that’s it: you are ready to develop an Airbnb copycat in five days, final step before the last two weeks dedicated to your personal project. Promise held! Le Wagon’s bootcamp it’s also getting into a mindset. It's a culture of learning, creating and even thinking. And if it’s foremost about coding, it’s also about the people. Be it other students, with their broad range of experiences and profiles or the pedagogic and management team, it’s one of those places where you only meet top individuals. Doing Le Wagon you’ll get the coding skills, the mindset and the network.And when it ends…It’s not over! Lifetime access to the platform, connections to the best startups through events or newsletters, and even the opportunity to continue your training by becoming a teacher’s assistant. If you’re hesitating, trust me you shouldn’t. Don’t wait any longer and just apply!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was one of the student of batch #77 in Montreal (summer 2017) and my only regret about LeWagon is that I didn't apply earlier !!I'm currently studying in Entrepreneurship and before even starting the program, I realized that I had one major issue that... Read More I tried to solve without success. I had loads of ideas, but I couldn't transform them into a product that I could test and promote because I was not able to code by myself. I tried different online classes, CodeCademy, Treehouse, Udemy to name a few. After a year or so, I realized that I was not progressing fast enough. It would take me years to be able to code MVPs. I looked online for different coding bootcamp. Le Wagon was the one offering not only a coding bootcamp but an access to a network of 1500+ alumni. Needless to say that being a part of that family is incredibly helpful in every aspect. The platform offers you access to a ton of content as well as design feedback, job opportunities, etc. Plus, every single question is answered in a matter of hours. It is by far the most disciplined community page I've seen. On top of that Le Wagon is not just another coding bootcamp, the learning process revolves around two main topics. Coding is the obvious one, but entrepreneurship is also a big part of is learned. It would be the best training for any aspiring entrepreneur who wants to know how to code and have a better understanding of the technical part of the projects. What an experience it was, while I'm finishing my entrepreneurship study, I am still impressed by what we learned in just 9 weeks. I can now work on ideas and products I wanted to code and have them finished before the end of the year. It was 100% worth it and you won't regret it, stop waiting and go for it!!Read Less",le-wagon
"I discovered Le Wagon during my studies in business school, looking for tools and knowledge to bootstrap a startup. I’ve always been a bit nerdy but never learned anything about coding. Still, I had plenty of ideas and no way to make them true, that’s... Read More why I decided to enroll at Le Wagon.I started Le Wagon in Paris after graduating, with a precise idea of what I wanted to create and to learn. I was not disappointed because I learned all of it and so much more. Not only did it allow me to make my ideas come alive, but it also made me realise I could have a deep understanding of extensive web applications, which led me to new and bigger ideas ! I met a lot of incredible people in the 43th batch, coming from various backgrounds and having different perceptions and insights about products, user experience or business models. I had the feeling of gaining more skills and knowledge in 3 months than I did the last 3 years. After Le Wagon, I did a handful of missions of web development as a freelance, then I started at AB Tasty, a french SaaS company as operations manager. I still code everyday, whether for my job or for my own side projects. It gives me a freedom and an agility I would never have imagined before this.Read Less",le-wagon
"I discovered coding by chance during an internship a few years before Le Wagon in a startup, and developed a real interest in the digital world from this point. I joined Accenture Digital for a job after this internship in order to do consulting around... Read More digital. After 2 years of working on digital projects between clients and developers, I felt the need to grow my technical skills and thought a bootcamp of a few weeks would be perfect. I decided to join Le Wagon because it is the best bootcamp in France and, luckily, also one of the best in the world. Plus, I had collected nothing but very positive feedback about this training from my friends / network. I presented this project to Accenture as a sort of short MBA specialized in Digital, and they were thrilled with the idea. These 9 weeks of intense coding were probably some of the most enriching weeks of my life. The quality of the teachers, the real learning challenge set by the day to day pace, the new connections with really cool and interesting people, the Yoga classes... I truly recommend this bootcamp.I am now back within Accenture and am in charge of implenting chatbots at my client's, managing a team of developers. I think I can say this bootcamp enabled me to build an interesting profile, both business and technical.Thanks again to Le Wagon.Stop thinking and just apply !Read Less",le-wagon
"LeWagon Batch #86 - Lisbon Summer 2017I’m an ex-strategy consultant and executive in the telecom industry on a sabbatical break from work. In my work experience I have regularly dabbled with different kinds of coding and with each experience it validated... Read More the hypothesis that coding can be a multiplier in one’s productivity. My goals for the course were to reinforce what I already knew (first few weeks) and add on with new skills to create an MVP end-to-end (rest of the course). First, the course runners “Drivers” in Lisbon are very good. Shannon is a superstar. With a lot of positive energy, she gave LeWagon a real sense of community. From the first conf. call to the final goodbyes, Shannon brought a certain thoughtfulness, competency and passion to the LeWagon Lisbon experience. Head instructor Carlos is an expert in some areas but also a true all rounder, he knows all the key areas to a sufficient level to teach any class in this syllabus. Further, he isn't afraid to say ""I don't know"" if he doesn't know the answer and roll up his sleeves along with us in searching for the answer. A very strong quality. Carlos was invaluable, especially in the final weeks. He showed a real dedication to the cohort projects’ success.Second, the course is well structured and the material is excellent. LeWagon must balance between being accessible to people with no coding knowledge and also people with CS backgrounds that want to get into web development. Not easy. They manage this brilliantly by gearing the course toward the former and handle the latter scenario with many advanced, challenging optional exercises. The teachers are always monitoring your progress throughout the day through their student dashboard and are ready to direct you further if you complete the optionals. Going into it I wasn't sure what to expect. After all is said and done I am really glad I did the program. It reinforced what I already new, taught me countless new things and allowed me and the team we formed to develop something that was technically challenging for us and something that we are now proud of (briefcases.io). I think I underestimated what could be done in 9 days before the course. Very happy with the course on the whole. I would recommend LeWagon Lisbon wholeheartedly and unconditionally.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, in 2016, I was a bartender in Paris.Now I'm a full-stack engineer working in a French startup !My experience at Le Wagon was simply amazing. It still surprises me how quickly you can learn something when the teaching is done properly... Read More !Everything they teach is useful on a day-to-day basis.Here is an article I wrote recently about my background, and how I went from bartender to full-stack developperhttps://medium.com/@HersantPierre/one-year-of-web-development-after-a-bootcamp-c872b62d0faaRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I have been working as a mechanical engineer for more than 5 years and have accumulated abundant experience in the industry. However, I have always harbored great zest for programing and software engineering. So for me, the hardest... Read More part about learning to code from scratch is whether I’m willing to give up everything I’ve built up for myself in my previous field to embrace something completely new and challenging. It wasn’t an easy decision to make. To start with, I was uncertain about my potential performance in coding due to my limited understanding of IT industry. And consulting the internet and reading online answers only made it more confusing for me, as those are all other people’s experience and opinions and each person varies in terms of ability. Age was my other concern since compared to other students I’m considered a late beginner. Extra effort is a must in order to bridge the gap between me and those who started in college. But in the end, I followed my heart to pursue what I’m really interested in- coding, and everything else matters less. I didn’t hesitate at all to choose Le Wagon because based on my research, it is probably the best coding bootcamp available in China. My later satisfying experience in every aspect proved me right. Mentors here are experts with rich industrial experience, but except for the professional knowledge they delivered, the skill that we gained in learning new things is even more precious. I enjoyed very much the company and help of other fellow students as well. Every day was quite fulfilling when we immerse ourselves in numerous practices for better application of the theoretical knowledge. We formed a team of 4 during the final 2 weeks to work on projects and I was in charge of the back-end development. Our team delivered an awesome social app in form of mini program since mobile app attracts more traffic nowadays compared to traditional websites. It was a great challenge but being able to overcome difficulties as a team and build up our own app is a fantastic feeling! I didn't start job searching immediately after the camp but instead continued to strengthen all the skills I learned with the help from our mentors. Most of the camp graduates would choose to learn something new but for me reviewing has greater significance since it enables me to form a more comprehensive and productive knowledge framework. I feel very lucky to have received an offer from ALO7 to become a junior Ruby engineer 3 weeks after leaving Le Wagon. Despite many challenges ahead, It’s a great start! Looking back at the 2 months spent at Le Wagon, coding apart, the strong bonding I harvested with mentors and students is to cherish for a lifetime. Hope Le Wagon will continue to do a great job in leading more people into the wonderland of coding!参加Le Wagon之前我是一个有着多年工作经验的机械工程师，我在我工作的领域已经有了较丰富的经验。但是我一直对编程和软件工程怀有很大的兴趣，所以对于我来说学习编程最大的困难在于你是否可以放弃以前其它领域的相关经验，来学习一个完全新的事情。 做出这个决定对我来说其实并没有那么容易. 首先由于对这个领域并不是很了解，我不确定自己是否能够在这一领域做的很出色。 有的时候光看网络上的相关提问反尔会使自己越来越迷惑，因为那些都是别人的想法，而每个人的能力都是不一样的。 其次我最担心的是我的年龄， 因为相较于其它的学习者，我显然已经晚起步了好多年，大部分的编程人员从大学时期就已经开始学习编程， 而我显然需要付出更多的努力来缩小这些差距。 但是最后我选择听从我内心的想法， 做自己感兴趣的东西，其它的都是次要的。 选择Le Wagon对我来说其实并没有那么困难，因为这或许是在中国能选择的最好的编程训练营了。而事实也证明了它并没有辜负我的选择，每一个环节做的都很棒。首先导师们都是有着丰富的行业经验的专家， 这一点很重要，他们不光能教授专业的知识，更重要的是教授如何学习新东西的能力及技巧。 同时我们的每一个学员都很棒，大家都非常擅于学习并且互相帮助。 我们每天都会做大量的练习来帮助我们掌握当天教授的知识，这让我们很容易沉浸其中， 每一天都过得非常的充实。 最后的两周是我们完成最终作品的时间， 我们是一个四人的小组，而我主要负责后端的工作。我们选择制作一个社交应用，并且是以微信小程序的形式来呈现， 这让我们感觉很酷， 因为相比较传统的网站， 如今手机端的应用显然更加的受欢迎， 而我们通过两个月的学习可以亲手制作一个自己的手机应用， 这种成就感真的是太棒了。 虽然制做应用的过程充満了挑战， 但大家都异常的努力，一起克服着每一个困难， 我为我们每一个都感到骄傲！ 训练营结束后， 我并没有立即去寻找合适的工作， 而是在导师的指导下继续强化之前所学到的东西。 大部分的人在训练营结束后可能会选择学习一些新的知识， 但对于我来说回过头去复习之前所学到的知识却是非常重要的，这一过程帮助我梳理了之前不太明白的知识， 也强化了整个编程的基础知识， 可以说对于之前的所学有了一个全新的理解。 幸运的是，在训练营结束后的第三周， 我得到爱乐奇(ALO7)的工作offer， 成为了一名初级的Ruby工程师。 虽然还有很多的挑战等待着我， 但这却也是一个不错的开始！ 回首我们这两个月的训练营时光， 除了收获到的知识以外， 更重要的是收获到了学员和导师之间的友情， 这对我来说是弥足珍贵的， 希望这份友谊可以永远的保持下去。 真心希望Le Wagon可以越办越好， 可以让更多的人进入编程的世界， 并从中受益！Read Less",le-wagon
"Having spent 8 years in international education, I felt I was ready for a change. All I knew is that I wanted to either be self employed or work for a start up. So learning to code seemed like a good way to go.I chose to do Le Wagon’s bootcamp in London,... Read More and exactly as their marketing suggests - It changed my life. Before starting this course I had not written a single line of code. Since finishing, I have built applications and websites for a number of clients and now decided to take on a full time position as a Back End Engineer at a very promising and well funded start up.The curriculum is broad, and takes you from learning the basics of Ruby all the way through to shipping your own MVP. The field of web development is vast and ever changing, and the most important thing Le Wagon’s course structure gives you is the ability to efficiently and effectively continue learning.Along with all of this, there is a very special culture at Le Wagon and it creates an exceptional and unique learning environment.Read Less",le-wagon
"Having run my own company in Switzerland for the last 8 years I wanted to join Le Wagon London to expand my digital entrepreneurial skills. My business, Label Bleu, distributes fresh food produce direct to our customers in Switzerland. We currently employ... Read More our own dev team (regiomag.net), which programs our backend in Ruby, and I really wanted to learn more so I can communicate clearly with them and ultimately grow Label Bleu digitally. London is a hotspot for tech and Le Wagon's office is located right in the heart of it, surrounded by awesome startups. The whole course is very intense. We are absorbing new information everyday. By the end you cannot imagine that in only 9 weeks you're able to build your own products from scratch. In the last two weeks, my team and I built an extension to Label Bleu. A platform to harness our huge community and engage them socially through sharing their own recipes and photos. We will soon be launching this part of the business. I absolutely loved my time at Le Wagon and have since developed new skills to help grow my business. I am coding everyday and am able now to code for my comapny. It was a life changing experience and amazing to present at Google Campus on Demo Day. I will have access to the platform for ever and be part of Le Wagon's family. Thank you to the whole LeWagon team, the quality is excellent and I have no regret.Read Less",le-wagon
"I love Le Wagon for so many reasons!One being this thing they call ‘reboot’ – little “Are You Okay?” checkpoints integrated into the curriculum right at the beginning. You’ll live-code in a smaller group, tackle problems together and more importantly,... Read More work at a slower pace. This really helped me solidify certain concepts I was struggling to grasp and gave me the confidence I needed to progress.Highlight numéro deux! Le Wagon’s teachers and teaching assistants are awesome – I mean, how else did I make it till the end!? All them know exactly what you’re going through – most of them did the bootcamp themselves! – so raise lots of tickets (Le Wagon speak for ‘putting your hand up’), get the help you need and don’t worry about asking silly questions.And of course, I love the community! Learning alongside an altogether lovely group of people made those tough days so much better. When I started, I wanted the course to end ASAP. Fast forward a few weeks and I couldn’t imagine learning to code anywhere else. The Demo Day after-party is also a riot …I’ll leave it at that!Thank you Le Wagon for helping me become a designer who codes! YAY!!!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was an incredible experience for me. I joined the course shortly after leaving school and was looking to leave with the freedom to create my own projects or pursue a career in development, that was exactly what I got. I now have the opportunity... Read More to work for Salesforce in California. Before the course I had a bit of knowledge on HTML and CSS after building a few simple websites for people. However, these 9 weeks totally transformed my knowledge and capabilities in web programming. We had a really amazing class where I made some good friends. The teachers were incredible and always gave 100%. The last 3 weeks of working in teams and building your own projects is a unique experience. After a very testing first few weeks you can't believe we actually built our own products in such a short period of time. I left Le Wagon with great technical skills, a great experience and I would wholeheartedly recommend Le Wagon to anyone seeking these things.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining the bootcamp I had no coding related background whatsoever. I had a Master's of Laws degree and at my latest job I was working as a B2B Account Manager. I decided to take a completely different path and learn how to code! Le Wagon is a... Read More 9 week intensive bootcamp and the beginning was tough! However, I worked hard, attended every minute (and more) and with some help from my classmates I stuck it out to the end. The syllabus is really well structured, so that even beginners can comprehend it and learn the foundations of web development. The course has a really practical approach, so in the end we were educated to build fully functional web applications. All the teachers and TAs were amazing and they did their best to make us understand all the theory much better. If someone needed a boost, they would take extra care of them. During the final 2 weeks we were working in teams in order to design, code and ship to production our very own products (www.like-minded.tech). The 9 weeks are intense but I loved every moment of it - the lectures in the morning, the challenging exercises, my different buddy each day, the teachers and the TAs, my teammates, our lovely manager Ed, the masterminds behind Le Wagon, the Friday drinks! At the end of the bootcamp I didn't want to leave! Thanks, Le Wagon! :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is the best way to quickly learn how to develop a complex web app from scratch.You don't need to know anything about coding before entering the bootcamp.The program is very well conceived: - you get to spend enough time on the basics to understand... Read More them- you learn how to use powerful tools and frameworks, and you get to understand how they work- you get to develop an Airbnb copycat in 5 days- the last 2 weeks are dedicated to your personal project where you get high quality assistance from Le Wagon's instructors.In the middle of the program, you spend one day learning lean approaches and product management techniques, and the last day is the Demo Day where you get great feedbacks on your product (coded in 2 weeks!!).I personnally developed my project during the program: https://www.lovely-hood.com :)Today I get to develop web apps as a fullstack freelance developer, and I still have time to work on my personal projects in parallel.This program is perfect for entrepreneurs struggling to get a prototype of their website: at the end of the 9 weeks, you'll have yours for sure!Read Less",le-wagon
"With a business background, I classically started as a business developer in tech companies in France and Singapore but was facing a lack of legitimacy saying things I was not clearly understanding to clients. Having heard good things about le wagon from... Read More friends that did it, I decided to apply and be part of the 1st batch in Rio de Janeiro. The beginning was really tough for me, as I had absolutely no coding basis, but the program is organized in a way that you cannot resign and work in pairs helps a lot. In the last 10 days of the program, my mates and I built maisumapedida.com an F&amp;B delivery solution for stadiums in Brazil and without Le Wagon, this would certainly never have happened. When they say ""Change your life: learn to code"" it has been true for me, I wish you the same :)Read Less",le-wagon
"“Everybody in this country should learn how to program, because it teaches you how to think.” Steve JobsHave you ever asked yourself if your ideas could be turned into concepts and even more into designed products ? Because i must say, i have. I’ve always... Read More been curious about how entrepreneurs had been able to create such great companies like Google, Facebook or Airbnb, companies where the product is the core of everything. Well, obviously, i needed to learn how to code to find out. So last January, just after my M1 in Business Management, i decided to join the 48th Batch of Le Wagon Paris.I have to say that i am impressed. It was just incredible. The team, the courses, the teachers, the environnement, the events.. Everything was just amazing. It’s been a long journey, but at the end i am really grateful.The program is really well structured with 3 weeks of hard skills at the beginning, learning the basics of the Ruby language. This is the perfect time to learn the logic behind an algorithm program. You’ll be able to learn how to code a black jack even if you’re not 21. It is very hard at the beginning but the teachers are by your side the whole time. Then you’ll learn how to play with a database with the SQL program, Software engineering, front end languages such as HTML, CSS, Javascript and Jquery during two weeks. Then, Ruby On Rails which is the framework used to code your project from A to Z followed by a direct application building a clone of Airbnb. Finally, you’ll be able to code your own project for the last two weeks. ( By the way if you’re stuck with a farewell party, check out The Good Gift )To be completely honest, beside being able to learn how to develop a web app in only 2 months, which is already unbelievable, the adventure was humanely incredible. I’ve met and worked with people from different cultures and completely different backgrounds. I’ve learned more from the friends i’ve made than I thought I would and most of all, i’ve finished the program with a real sense of accomplishment.I now joined le Hub Bpifrance as a start up analyst/growth hacker and planning to build my own start up when i graduate.Feel free to contact me on Linkedin, i’d be glad to give you more details about this experience.Best,Eytan MessikaRead Less",le-wagon
"London batch #93, 2017I am a linguist at heart, and got interested in coding languages when I started University. Then, I was studying to become a teacher of French abroad and only followed some courses online for CSS and HTML, which was both exciting... Read More and slightly frustrating because I didn't really know how to deploy a website.When I decided to go for a more challenging career, a friend and Le Wagon alumni recommended Le Wagon's 9 weeks bootcamp to me, which he said was one of the best choices he had made in his life. He could not have been more right ! 9 weeks might be fast-paced, and every week started by struggling with all the new knowledge, but it always ended with a big, fat feeling of satisfaction. Le Wagon's dedicated team of teachers and almunis here to guide you helped digesting all the different languages and tools we learnt, and they made it a fun adventure in probably the best community I'll ever be part of !I could not believe our huge progress at the Demo Day in Google Campus, when my team presented our phone-first web app and coded in Ruby on Rails. I fell in love with front-end, the magic of SASS and eager to jump on the React train. I cannot wait to create many more cool UIs !Now it is my turn to recommend Le Wagon's incredible experience. If you're curious about coding, or you'd like to bring your product to life, join with no hesitation ! Le Wagon's definitely one of the best choices I've made, and coding truly is addicting.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a background in agriculture, graduated as an Agronomist in 2014, and I’ve always been interested in technology and most of my work is related to it. But I felt that there was a big gap in my knowledge since I could not develop my ideas and even... Read More though I was studying programming in my spare time, I was not evolving in a good pace. So I decided to search for courses in technology here in Brazil to kickstart my career and suddenly there was a dilemma: I could either do a master’s degree that would last at least 1 and half-year or I could do some doubtful quality technical courses. Then one day my mother showed me an article about Le Wagon, I did some research about it and boom! It sounded perfect for me!So I started Rio de Janeiro batch in July 2017 and learnt more programming skills in 9 weeks that I could even imagine! Don’t understand me wrong, Le Wagon is hard. It’s demanding. It’s full time and you actually spend more than 8 hours a day working on it. But somehow they make it learning hard concepts fun. It is fun to code! Sometimes you feel frustrated but when you manage to finish an exercise by yourself you feel amazingly smart. And the teachers are there to help you, they can feel your frustration and they help you on the right dose, just leading the way and telling what mistakes you should avoid.From a pedagogical side, the course was perfect for me. The teachers were cool, the course was challenging, the exercises were hard and the students were into it. It is amazing how many nice people they managed to get in the same group, and people from all around the world with different backgrounds. And in the last few days, we had this enterprise vibe, everybody was on their groups working hard to build complex projects in a short time. In these last two weeks I could learn things that as a solo student would not be possible, working on teams, managing people, dealing with hard issues and actually building something with technology from scratch.It was a deep, intense, hard but fun experience. I could attend great talks, and awesome social events. I am grateful to have learned so much in a short time, to meet interesting people and be part of a network of entrepreneurs, startups and people who want to make a difference. Le Wagon community is beautiful, we are part of a big international network of coders and if someone asks me if it was worth it the answer is, DEFINITELY!Read Less",le-wagon
"The Wagon was a very rewarding experience for me.Luckily I did it in a sweet and epicurean city Bordeaux! The area « Les Chartrons » is great, and le Wagon is installed in a very confortable building equipped with a co-working space for entrepeneur, close... Read More to a Gym CenterConcerning courses; We had during my batch session # 85 in Bordeaux, the chance to be surrounded by a supervisory team and a quality training.Based on: a competent teaching team close to involved students, the pedagogy of the wagon Bordeaux allowed me to gain new skills on Ruby on Rails.The rhythm is sustained because of its rich contents ... Few wanderingsare possible but they are compensated by exercises, work at home and teachers who help you to find and understand your mistakes by yourself. The work platform is also very well made, to progress.At the end of the training we have the opportunity to put our knowledges to be tested through a personal project. I was lucky that my project was selected and developed with other students. This experience is otherwise rich in learning; Web development and Project management with a goal; the presentation of the project during the last day: the demo day.Thanks to the wagon Bordeaux .. and my wishes of success to the batch # 85Read Less",le-wagon
"Graduated from a Business School with a Master of Science in Marketing, I had the opportunity to work in several start-ups in France and abroad. I worked on several projects, sometimes with developers and I always had the impression that something was... Read More missing to correctly understand how they were working. That’s why I wanted to learn how to code.I joined Le Wagon bootcamp in July 2017 as member of Bordeaux Batch #85. I did it because it was the choice of freedom. The freedom of building what you believe in without struggling with a lack of web-developing skills. The freedom of giving to your career a new exciting path with a tech’s spirit. The freedom of achieving new challenges with a qualified knowledge. These 9 works were very intense but the sure thing is that was definitely the experience which learnt me the most in a such short period of time. HTML/CSS, Javascript, SQL, Ruby on Rails programming, Building a MVC, Collaborating on Github and lots of other interesting tools for the future. During the 3 last weeks of the bootcamp, we worked on 2 projects, that we built from A to Z and put in production with Heroku. One of them was a quite complex management tool to connect remote employees and aggregating start-up tools on an interactive and unique feed. It’s crazy to think that we were able to implement an app like this in only a few days ! After Le Wagon, part of my friends of Le Wagon pursued their entrepreneur’s journey and some of them will probably become real developers in a start-up or freelance.And no matter what happens in the future for all of us, Le Wagon has surely been a very strong asset for our professional careers !Read Less",le-wagon
"After some struggle with my studies and a one year trip in Australia, I wanted to start my own business in the digital industry but didn’t know where to start. I had an idea but not the skills to fulfill it, and I’ve realized that developers are very... Read More expansive and very hard to communicate with when you are not in the game. Then I’ve discovered Le Wagon. In 2 months i’ve learned how to build websites: OOP programming, Ruby, Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, JavaScript and much more. Le Wagon gave me a better understanding of the digital industry. The teaching methods are amazing, we have access to a web app that provide all the courses and exercises so we can work 24/7 if we want to. Working days are divided in three parts: theory course in the morning with great teachers, exercises in the afternoon and a good cold beer all together at the end. Finally the most important thing that Le Wagon taught me is learning how to learn. I am now teaching myself Swift, a programming language for IOS app, in order to build my own product.Read Less",le-wagon
"Change your life: learn to code.Le Wagon brings technical skills to creative people.My name is Albert Montolio, spaniard, 30 years old, passionate of sports. That was an easy introduction. Actually I’d like to present myself as a person who likes to wake... Read More up early. Of course! There are so many beautiful things to do during the day. Now after LeWagon, even more.A very short story about me: I studied mechanical engineering in Barcelona and I wound up working in Munich for a big automotive company. I liked a lot my job, it was in a research department, with cutting-edge technology. A dream-job. But after some years, the initial magic was fading away. Too easy, always the same, not challenging, who knows.I was in a point in my life, where I was spending a lot of time talking about new technologies, apps, personal projects etc. The most common phrases at that time were: “ I have this idea, but I can not code”, “I don’t know any programmer”, “ I have an idea that I would love to do but I don’t have the time”, “I’ve tried to learn PHP on my own, but i’m getting stack and frustrated”, “it would be awesome to…”, etc. etc. etc. sounds familiar?After talking, talking and talking, one day I decided to do what I really love. I was tired of not doing something. I decided to get into action. I decided to give me the skill of coding. Why? Because I want to create. I want to help people. I want to improve the world. I don’t care how and I don’t care if I succeed. I just want to do it.At the beginning, coding was just a game of rules, given by the LeWagon teachers. If you write “redirect_to” and you pass the appropriate instance, the controller will send you to the appropriate view of your MVC. Ok. Got it. But following the rules was not the point of the game of coding. Behind these apparently insignificantly boring rules, the power of creating something marvelous was hidden. These lines of code, put it together in a harmonic way, could turn out into a real product that can help other people. That was amazing.After the course, I am coding for my company web-based software, automating processes and making the day easier and nicer to a lot of employees. 10 fingers, 1 brain, a lot of passion and a lot of imagination. But that’s not even the best. Side-projects allow you to build what you’ve been dreaming your whole life. There are no excuses anymore. If you think it, if you want it. You code it. Just type and let it flow.Last but not least, I can not end this personal summary without some words for the students and the teachers. Students with a lot of ideas, highly motivated. You go for a lunch with them, you come back to classes, and you are a wiser man. Regarding the teachers, they are not only very well prepared. The human level is out of charts. Everything that I wrote, are just words. Maybe exaggerated. Maybe distorted. Who cares, now we are coders, and we don’t need to talk about what we did or what we want to do. We code it. Period.Albert Follow me in www.github.com/albertmontolioRead Less",le-wagon
"When I heard about Le Wagon Lyon I had been coding for a few months on basic iOS apps. Coding was almost a random choice at first. I needed to learn something new and a friend of mine offered me to teach how to code. At some point I got really bored with... Read More my former job and more and more interested in coding. I decided to quit. But I wasn’t ready to apply for a job as a developer and that’s when Le Wagon started the bootcamp in Lyon. I was looking for a quick and intense training that would hopefully allow me to find a job in a start-up as a developer. I have been immediately attracted to Le Wagon bootcamp when I read about it on the website. As soon as I got on the phone with Etienne, one of the drivers in Lyon, I knew this was a perfect fit for me. I couldn’t wait to begin.It’s been 9 weeks really motivating to say the least. Every day I was excited about getting to work on the exercises, and it was sometime hard to get off the computer to get a lunch. In the last two weeks, we developed ‘We Dress Fair’ a platform to find in one click clothes that fit your ethic. It was really stimulating to learn how to work with a team of developers and how to stay organized to get the best project possible out of us. A few weeks after Le Wagon, I found a job in Optimiz.me as a Full-Stack Web Developer surrounded by a great team. I am learning NodeJS. It has been hard at the beginning but the bootcamp gave me the knowledge and the mindset necessaries to get started quickly. I am learning new things and I get better everyday. I finally wake up every morning happy to go to work.Read Less",le-wagon
"After running my own company for 4 years, I needed a change of scene. I had always loved design and anything to do with computers, so I settled on a coding bootcamp as my next step.I talked to (and visited) a few other schools, and I eventually settled... Read More on Le Wagon - primarily due to their ‘coding for entrepreneurs’ angle. I had an idea for my own product, and they were going to help me build it. This seemed like a huge advantage - to be able to come out of the bootcamp with an actual MVP.The course itself was incredible. Incredibly challenging and incredibly rewarding in equal measure! It was non-stop, and I felt like I was learning awesome new stuff every day from expert (and very nice!) teachers. Plus, my course mates were a mix of ages and backgrounds from all around the world, which made it even more fun.There’s genuinely nothing I wouldn’t recommend about doing a course at Le Wagon. You’ll learn more than you’ve ever learnt in your life, you’ll come out the other side with avenues into opportunities that you never dreamed would be attainable, and you’ll make friends for life. What’s not to like?!Read Less",le-wagon
"After years of playing around on CodeCademy I decided I wanted to up my game. I wanted to be able to turn my ideas into reality, and I felt that not knowing code was a barrier to my creativity. But at the same time I didn’t have the time, resources, or... Read More willingness to go and do a 4 year computer science degree. All I wanted to be able to do is launch a web-app. If that was ever successful I would hire people much better than me to do the rest of the coding. But at least I would be able to get something off the ground.I had come across a coding bootcamp online a few years ago, so I started googling. If you have ever googled coding bootcamps you will know that there’s loads out there. If you haven’t googled it then trust me, there’s loads out there.But for me there were 2 common problems:1) A lot of bootcamps are focused on their graduates getting jobs as developers. Trouble is, I didn’t and don’t want to work as a developer. I wanted my money to go towards learning how to code, not making my tech CV look good, going to job fairs, and meeting with potential employers.2) Pretty much all bootcamps, even the better rated ones (on Quora, SwitchUp, etc), had some pretty bad reviews. Even if they were rare, they were sometimes so bad that it turned me off them.Then I found Le Wagon. Its main selling points to me where that they immediately overcame the issues above. They focus on you being able to launch an MVP by the end of the bootcamp, and they had only amazing reviews.I think a big part of the story is expectation management, before the course as well as after. Web development is an incredibly complex and large field, and you can’t learn everything in two months (not even in 4 years). You are not going to be the best programmer in the world after the bootcamp. But you will be able to code and launch your own web apps. And even more importantly, you will be equipped with all the tools and concepts you need to continue learning on your own at a significantly faster pace than before. Now that I’ve done the bootcamp I’m actually considering applying for some developer roles and I feel very prepared to do so.So first of all I am now a massive believer in bootcamps. I think they are the way forward and I got a lot more practical value from a two-month bootcamp than from a three-year university degree. But mostly I am a massive advocate of Le Wagon specifically. When I first read all the reviews online I could hardly believe that anything, not just bootcamps, could exclusively have such positive reviews. But now I can see why. The curriculum is thorough yet concise, the staff and teachers are awesome and dedicated, and the community is full of great people. Its not a cheap 2 months - no bootcamp is - but the people here care. They are not here to take your money and spit you back out with minimal coding skills or to get you any job so they can boost their own meaningless metrics. If you’re considering a bootcamp, do it. And do it with Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"After years studying marketing and e-commerce, I did one last internship. It made me notice the gap that too often exists between marketing and IT departments, even if they're inter-dependent. This professional experience decided me to learn how to code.... Read More At first, I just wanted to understand how it worked. But it motivated me to the point of joining Le Wagon batch #52 in Lyon, not without some pressure as I was total novice!Best decision ever. I loved the 9-intensive weeks at Le Wagon, I learnt more there than in my entire Bachelor thanks to lovely and competent teachers Nicolas, Cecile, and obviously Kevin, and the drivers Mathieu and Etienne. Coding is a philosophy with principles and advantages: honesty, productivity, team spirit. Coding's also an eternal headache, but it keeps you excited and always more motivated to build great products!Spending 9 weeks with the 13 incredible people of my batch was amazing, and I found a job thanks to one of our guest teacher in the month following the bootcamp! I work now at Meal Canteen as a fullstack web developer in Ruby on Rails, along with Baptiste Perrin (also from batch #52).Meal Canteen is a great startup based in Saint-Etienne fighting against food waste where we're both lucky enough to work with seniors developers there and learn new things everyday. I would never been here without my experience at Le Wagon in Lyon!Read Less",le-wagon
"After short studies (level A in sales and marketing), I worked for a couple of years in call centers (health insurances, Pôle Emploi…) and as an operator-receptionist. But that was not for me. I gave up everything and started thinking about a new life.... Read More It's never too late to change your carrier, proof is I just turned 36!I wanted to become a web developer. Well, I had this in mind for some time but I didn't dare to really do it, and I didn't know how to start… I first took online courses on HTML and CSS, I also tried another bootcamp but I wasn't satisfied and didn't feel strong enough afterwards.As someone who never gives up and keep trying until I succeed, I applied to Le Wagon and joined the batch #52 in Lyon in January 2017. I got convinced by alumni reviews and already had a glimpse of their great teaching skills with Sébastien and Boris videos on Youtube.I now believe it was one of the best decisions I made in my life, and it was worth all the sacrifices during the 9 weeks. Kevin (the lead teacher), Etienne &amp; Mathieu (the drivers) and everyone was wonderful, the courses &amp; materiel were very qualitative. Everything was just better than I expected!During batch #52, our drivers organised us some interesting talks with recruitment agencies, developers, entrepreneurs every week. It was very helpful for my job hunting!Every batch ends up with 3 weeks dedicated to projets. We work in teams on one Airbnb-like project for a week and on OUR own final projects for two weeks. My mates and I have built 'Easy Trip', a platform to help backpackers create trips together. We had a great experience together thanks to the great good mindset of each team member! And when the batch ended, we all gathered at my place for a week to keep on pushing the project further and learn new skills!And the intensive work during and after the bootcamp has now paid! I'm about to start my very first job (and permanent contract) as a Ruby on Rails fullstack web-developer at Keycoopt, a startup promoting cooptation as the best way to quickly find the right candidate for a job! I can say truly Le Wagon changed my life, I finally feel confident and would recommend it to anyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"My journey in coding started way before I actually wrote my first lines of code. I have always had an immense curiosity on how everything behind our screens worked, and nevertheless, it took me 5 years to place myself in that spot. Why 5 years? Because... Read More I spent 4.8 years doubting if it was the right decision to take. Today, I encourage people to do it on day one! It will take you 2 months with Le Wagon to make this shift in your life!This is my story: I graduated as an engineer in Buenos Aires - Argentina, and immediately started working for LATAM's top airline. During my first 2 years, I designed Argentina's domestic commercial schedules, and for the last 2 years, I worked in Chile in its headquarters as a team leader assessing operational KPI and projects. Both were amazing jobs, but neither my dreamed one. I wanted something that could let me drive and decide for myself every day. It was then when I realized I should follow my passion for coding. The corporate world wasn't going anywhere, and the benefits of doing the boot camp were way bigger than staying in my company... What's more, I was just thinking from the knowledge perspective!What's best is that the boot camp has several benefits that one cannot see when applying. You get to meet people from all over the world and learn how other cultures address same pains - in my case, +15 different countries! You surround yourself during 9 weeks with positive people and at the same time enter Le Wagon's amazing coder community. By choosing the city you can enjoy living during 2 months where you always wanted to; not to mention awesome anecdotes you might take home! I'll never forget Barcelona's culture, food, weather, and parties!With regards to Le Wagon, I am proud to say that it gave me more than what I expected. Teachers were not only professional but also at the distance of a question - even now after the course! Knowledge was handled in the right doses so as to push us one step closer to self-independence learning and coding! I believe they manage to create an amazing coding school not only because they have amazing coders, but also because they have great people working there.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I have been working as a mechanical engineer for more than 5 years and have accumulated abundant experience in the industry. However, I have always harbored great zest for programing and software engineering. So for me, the hardest... Read More part about learning to code from scratch is whether I’m willing to give up everything I’ve built up for myself in my previous field to embrace something completely new and challenging. It wasn’t an easy decision to make. To start with, I was uncertain about my potential performance in coding due to my limited understanding of IT industry. And consulting the internet and reading online answers only made it more confusing for me, as those are all other people’s experience and opinions and each person varies in terms of ability. Age was my other concern since compared to other students I’m considered a late beginner. Extra effort is a must in order to bridge the gap between me and those who started in college. But in the end, I followed my heart to pursue what I’m really interested in- coding, and everything else matters less. I didn’t hesitate at all to choose Le Wagon because based on my research, it is probably the best coding bootcamp available in China. My later satisfying experience in every aspect proved me right. Mentors here are experts with rich industrial experience, but except for the professional knowledge they delivered, the skill that we gained in learning new things is even more precious. I enjoyed very much the company and help of other fellow students as well. Every day was quite fulfilling when we immerse ourselves in numerous practices for better application of the theoretical knowledge. We formed a team of 4 during the final 2 weeks to work on projects and I was in charge of the back-end development. Our team delivered an awesome social app in form of mini program since mobile app attracts more traffic nowadays compared to traditional websites. It was a great challenge but being able to overcome difficulties as a team and build up our own app is a fantastic feeling!I didn't start job searching immediately after the camp but instead continued to strengthen all the skills I learned with the help from our mentors. Most of the camp graduates would choose to learn something new but for me reviewing has greater significance since it enables me to form a more comprehensive and productive knowledge framework. I feel very lucky to have received an offer from ALO7 to become a junior Ruby engineer 3 weeks after leaving Le Wagon. Despite many challenges ahead, It’s a great start! Looking back at the 2 months spent at Le Wagon, coding apart, the strong bonding I harvested with mentors and students is to cherish for a lifetime. Hope Le Wagon will continue to do a great job in leading more people into the wonderland of coding!参加Le Wagon之前我是一个有着多年工作经验的机械工程师，我在我工作的领域已经有了较丰富的经验。但是我一直对编程和软件工程怀有很大的兴趣，所以对于我来说学习编程最大的困难在于你是否可以放弃以前其它领域的相关经验，来学习一个完全新的事情。做出这个决定对我来说其实并没有那么容易. 首先由于对这个领域并不是很了解，我不确定自己是否能够在这一领域做的很出色。 有的时候光看网络上的相关提问反尔会使自己越来越迷惑，因为那些都是别人的想法，而每个人的能力都是不一样的。 其次我最担心的是我的年龄， 因为相较于其它的学习者，我显然已经晚起步了好多年，大部分的编程人员从大学时期就已经开始学习编程， 而我显然需要付出更多的努力来缩小这些差距。 但是最后我选择听从我内心的想法， 做自己感兴趣的东西，其它的都是次要的。选择Le Wagon对我来说其实并没有那么困难，因为这或许是在中国能选择的最好的编程训练营了。而事实也证明了它并没有辜负我的选择，每一个环节做的都很棒。首先导师们都是有着丰富的行业经验的专家， 这一点很重要，他们不光能教授专业的知识，更重要的是教授如何学习新东西的能力及技巧。 同时我们的每一个学员都很棒，大家都非常擅于学习并且互相帮助。 我们每天都会做大量的练习来帮助我们掌握当天教授的知识，这让我们很容易沉浸其中， 每一天都过得非常的充实。最后的两周是我们完成最终作品的时间， 我们是一个四人的小组，而我主要负责后端的工作。我们选择制作一个社交应用，并且是以微信小程序的形式来呈现， 这让我们感觉很酷， 因为相比较传统的网站， 如今手机端的应用显然更加的受欢迎， 而我们通过两个月的学习可以亲手制作一个自己的手机应用， 这种成就感真的是太棒了。 虽然制做应用的过程充満了挑战， 但大家都异常的努力，一起克服着每一个困难， 我为我们每一个都感到骄傲！训练营结束后， 我并没有立即去寻找合适的工作， 而是在导师的指导下继续强化之前所学到的东西。 大部分的人在训练营结束后可能会选择学习一些新的知识，  但对于我来说回过头去复习之前所学到的知识却是非常重要的，这一过程帮助我梳理了之前不太明白的知识， 也强化了整个编程的基础知识， 可以说对于之前的所学有了一个全新的理解。 幸运的是，在训练营结束后的第三周， 我得到爱乐奇(ALO7)的工作offer， 成为了一名初级的Ruby工程师。 虽然还有很多的挑战等待着我， 但这却也是一个不错的开始！回首我们这两个月的训练营时光， 除了收获到的知识以外， 更重要的是收获到了学员和导师之间的友情， 这对我来说是弥足珍贵的， 希望这份友谊可以永远的保持下去。 真心希望Le Wagon可以越办越好， 可以让更多的人进入编程的世界， 并从中受益！Read Less",le-wagon
"I spent the last 4 years advising companies in the field of mergers and acquisitions. I have always been driven by fascinating entrepreneurship stories and very passionate with new technologies. Founder stories nurtured my entrepreneurial spirit from... Read More an earlier age. However, I frequently felt frustrated when I wanted to give life to my projects. Tired of brainstorming and generating new ideas without executing them, I decided to join Le Wagon in order to have the tools required to build a fully functional MVP.Before Le Wagon, I had absolutely no knowledge of code. I tried online courses, but I found them too theoretical and I had some difficulties to get the big picture. The methodology used by the Wagon is highly effective. Courses are well structured and deeply focused on practice. Qualified teachers explain key concepts in detail, while a large proportion of the day is dedicated to practical exercises.During the last two weeks, you code your own project and understand how to work successfully as a team. At that time, it all comes together, from the design to the development of web applications. I had the opportunity to develop a product I had in mind for a long time. My team and I were able to build a property management software for landlords (Zenkey) in only two weeks. I was really impressed by the solution we developed in a short period of time.Joining Le Wagon means also becoming part of a family. Former students are either working in successful startups, as developers or product owners, or are running their own business. More importantly, this community of entrepreneurs and developers will support you in your future challenges.By the end of the bootcamp, you will be able to build your own web application from scratch and you will have the basics to keep learning new frameworks. I am now able to fully apprehend the technical issues related to digital projects. Hereafter, I want to use these new skills in building my own company. I am deeply convinced that this bootcamp helped me save time and money in this journey.Whether you want to strengthen your technical skills, design and build your own product or become a developer, do not hesitate to join Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Arbi Velaj, I am an economics graduate and I did my masters at Bocconi University, in Milan. During my academic path I slowly started to realize that what I was doing was not fitting my intellectual needs, so I began to look for something different.... Read MoreAt first, I was considering the idea of doing a bachelor in computer science, but then I heard about Le Wagon in Barcelona. I worked to save enough for the course fee and then applied for the batch, and I managed to get through the selection process. I had very high expectations, and I am very glad to say that what I got exceeded those expectations. In two full-immersion months you can learn not only to code, but also to think as a developer. Le Wagon gives you all the tools and skills necessary to begin learning independently everything related to programming, and its approach prepares you for the challenges of learning in a very dynamic environment.Eventually, one of the aspects that unexpectedly surprised me the most was the final project: during the last two weeks of the bootcamp you start a group project with which you will make your idea become reality. It is incredible that in two months you become able to create something valuable and to experience the start up environment and journey from the very beginning!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I started Le Wagon, I was working as a finance analyst in a large corporate organisation. After graduating from a business school, that seemed like the ideal job. Soon I realised it wasn’t, but it took me a long time to figure out what I actually... Read More wanted to do.I started coding because it seemed that it might be a useful skill no matter what my future plan would be. I started with taking some courses at Codeacademy and realised that I actually really enjoyed doing that but also that its really hard to learn it on your own. I started looking for immersive programs to learn it faster and better and thats how I ended up at Le Wagon.The nine weeks were an amazing experience. The first weeks were quite tough but the help from the teachers and buddies helped a lot to really get the basics right. The thing I loved about the course is the project we did during the last two weeks. It was great to put the learning in practice and work together in a team to make sure we really understood everything. We worked on Frida - an online art school. It felt like a major achievement to present our demo on demo day and we delivered something I’m still very proud of.I would highly recommend Le Wagon, it opened so many doors for me and I couldn’t imagine myself in my old job anymore. It’s sad that it’s only nine weeks so enjoy it while it lasts!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon's 9-Week Web Development Bootcamp was the most fun I've ever had learning anything ever. After 9 weeks, I can call myself a fullstack developer with knowledge of Ruby on Rails, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery, SQL, ActiveRecord, GitHub, Heroku etc... Read More etc. If you don't know what any of these words mean, neither did I when I first started the course! And certainly during the first two weeks, it seemed like I wouldn't ever know what they meant but through super capable teachers and teaching assistants, through trusting the constantly improving syllabus and the exercises and most importantly, through believing in yourself, there will come a day during this course when it all starts to make sense!And that's when the fun will start! For me, after that point, I couldn't wait for the lectures to finish so I could actually start coding (#nerdalert). I couldn't wait to raise more tickets (equivalent of raising your hand) to just absorb as much as I could from the teachers/TAs. When we got to project week, our group was just chill party vibes and we maked dis - www.frida.studio.The best part about this whole thing is that even after the bootcamp is over, after you've become fullstack and after you've made permanent friendships, you will have the support of the Le Wagon global community (consisting of teachers and alumni) willing to help you with any issues you run into. I'd say that's a good investment!Read Less",le-wagon
"I already had basic programming skills but wanted to go a step further and learn product-oriented and startup-pragmatic coding !A few months after my bootcamp's end, I have built my product MVP and am confident in my skills to further develop the product... Read More with the junior dev team we are hiring.I thank Le Wagon for that. Not only for the quality of the academic training but for everything that is around it and really makes the difference:- The project / startup oriented mindset- The dedicated and fun team- The meetups- The online resources (available even after the bootcamp and very useful)In addition to that, the community is awesome and supportive. For instance, when I'm struggling on some technical choices, a message on the slack ""help channel"" always receives expert and constructive answers.Le Wagon is clearly among the best training experiences I had. I totally recommend this training:- for entrepreneurs who want to learn to understand and talk to their dev team- or for freelancers / entrepreneurs who want to develop strong full-stack skillsRead Less",le-wagon
"After almost 3,5 years as a partner in a fast-growing startup, it was time for me to challenge myself again and to start a new entrepreneurial project. To make the transition, I wanted to take time to learn new things and code has been an evidence. I... Read More choose LeWagon, 9 intense weeks to transform you in a full stack developer, and on my side open my mind to a totally new subject I really took pleasure to learn. Online courses are clear and the Parisian staff is just amazing. I totally recommend this training for entrepreneurs who want to learn how to understand and talk to their dev team!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a strong interest in entrepreneurship and innovation. After 4 years in a business school, I took a gap year and left for NYC, where I interned for a startup, and then for a business angel. But this year couldn't have ended better than with Le Wagon.... Read MoreThe program is really intense; I spent 9 weeks thinking and dreaming of code… and I can say that I am not the only one. Days are well structured, as we start with the lesson of the day, and then we work in pairs (different every day) on exercises related to the lesson. At the end of the day, we come back to class to do a recap. We learnt a few different languages. If you have difficulties to understand something, teachers are here to help. If you are faster than others, this is the same. The program adapts to you, and not the other way around. The people I've met have different interests and come from different industries. However, we all share this passion for innovation and desire to build amazing things, which makes Le Wagon's community awesome. I would recommend Le Wagon to anybody passionate about entrepreneurship and… willing to work hard and play hard!Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been part of TheWagon Batch#70. Before that, I was a growth hacker in a parisian accelerator and I wanted to be able to work on side projects on my own.After two months that seemed two days, I am now launching a startup with a friend I met there.... Read MoreOne may judge the quality of this bootcamp as per the complete set of skills the alumni show afterwards. However, there is no words fair enough to qualify the benevolence of the team, the excellence of the platform and the talent of the people you are likely to meet there.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been part of the Wagon Bordeaux Batch #67.I coded when I was in high school but in university I chose to study Social Sciences. For years, I though I can't retake my programming passion. But, three months ago, I knew le Wagon. My first impression... Read More was mistrust, I can't believe be able to learn coding in just 9 weeks. I did some research and meet some Le Wagon alumni, everybody recommended le Wagon. Then I decide to enroll.The 9 weeks were one of the most amazing experience in my life. The pedagogical curriculum is made to encourage you to learn. Everyday, we had to learn a couple of new concepts.. It was hard, but this is the only way to learn a lot in a so short time. The pace is military, you can't stop and rest, you must learn, learn, learn... A lot of effort but it's worth it.Now, I feel confident to continue learning programming (Yes, because a good developer never stop learning). I'm doing some freelance projects and working in my MVP.If you are interested to enroll in Le Wagon, just watch the Demoday videos (https://www.lewagon.com/demoday/67) , you will see the amazing projects you will be able to do after 9 weeks.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was working as a Venture Capital Analyst and before that I was a Credit Analyst for Bpifrance in the innovation department. With my degree and working experience in engineering, the logical next step for me was to get technical skills... Read More to open up other doors. I tried to enrol for Le Wagon in Paris but it was full, so I decided London was close enough.My experience at Le Wagon in London was amazing! The teachers and the students were all amazing people, everyone was working very hard but in a really nice atmosphere. Everyday after the morning lecture, you work with your designated buddy for the day on several exercises in order to perfectly understand the new topics. If you are stuck or have any question on an exercise, other students or teachers are always there to help you fix your problem. At the end the day you realize that you know way more than when you woke up; you have a live-code to practice your new skills as a group and then it's beer time, you talk with everyone and make very good friends.At the end of the 4th week, you can pitch a web app idea so other students can vote for it, and develop it with you as a 3 or 4 people team during the last two weeks. I personally pitched my own idea and it was selected. My project was about making an app that based on your tastes suggest you a recipe that you could cook and generate its shopping list. You can see the result here: www.hubert-cooks.comAs a conclusion I'll say that Le Wagon is a really important step in my life, I met new friends for life and finally found something that is really useful and really enjoyable to do: to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon’s 74th batch in London and loved every moment of it. I was attracted to the course because it felt very start-up oriented, offering more than just the standard web development curriculum. The course was extremely interesting and challenging... Read More and it delivered on every aspect. I had always had projects that I wanted to try on my own but what I lacked was the technical ability to get started. Le Wagon provided that, and much more. The course is very thorough and the teachers do a marvellous job of helping you gain and solidify the knowledge which you'll then put to use on your final project. This is where all your hard work from your previous weeks comes together in building a web-based product that you either pitched and chose a team for or that you found interesting and joined as a team member. I was not technically versatile when I started the course but at the end I was building the MVP for one of my ideas alongside a talented and keen team, something that I had always dreamed of doing. If you want to find out what you're capable of, I truly recommend Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Mendy and I was part of Le Wagon's batch#67 in Bordeaux which ended in June 2017. For a long time, I have searched what I wanted to do with my life. I did some learning at university in psychology and dramatic arts, but college was not for... Read More me. Then one day, I found Le Wagon Bootcamp. Being comfortables with computers ever since I was a child and being already proficient in HTML/CSS languages. I tempted my fate after many searches about it.And I fall in love with coding, Ruby, Rails, Javascript, all ! Now, I know what I want to do with my life, Web Developper. Wagon's pedagogy played a big part in my experience. The staff and my batch were incredible too, humanly rewarding. It was 10h/day during two months and I didn't see it pass. Each lesson was exciting and it's the guy who doesn't like school who write that. That was an amazing oportunity and I'm glad I took it.Two months later, I've new skills, more than I thought and although I still have a lot to learn, I can create a website, from scratch.An unforgettable experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I discovered the Wagon early 2016. They were hosting a hackathon at their headquarters and I remember the first impression I had. It can be difficult to find the balance between professionalism and fun in an office but the Wagon managed to do find it... Read More and to have this friendly vibe going on.I come from a background in journalism and the media, with a focus on writing, reporting and digital screenwriting. To go further in that specialisation, I decided to learn how to code, to be able to create myself prototypes of the interactive experiences I offered. It was like the missing piece for my professional profile to be complete.I had been used, with public bachelors and private education, to a very specific and old school kind of learning and teaching. Furthermore, like most students in the world I had been used to being assessed with grades, which is in my personal opinion a very outdated pedagogical system.The Wagon is the total opposite. It allows you to develop your autonomy, your critical thinking and to learn in ways never seen before. In many ways, the Wagon is the Montessori of the web.A typical day at the Wagon goes as follows: 1h30/2h of classes, a few minutes to share your thoughts, some exercises specific to the topic tackled that day until 5.30pm and to conclude, 1h30 of ""live coding"" to teach you how to solve a problem and to demonstrate your strategy. These days were supervised by the Wagon's staff and made easier thanks to the interactive platform we all worked on. You can see your improvements, watch videos of former and future classes and to practice what you learned thanks to ""flash cards"", a game that help you memorise new learned theories.One of the major assets of the Wagon is its collaborative aspect. I was especially impressed by the patience, kindness and empathy of the people I shared these two months with. Indeed, I was quite worried before starting the course: I am not a very logic person, I'm really bad with maths and I hadn't understood the few lines of code during the prep-work, so I feared to be lost. But that's where the name Wagon makes suddenly a lot of sense: we're all in the same boat, the same coach (or wagon!). Despite the different levels of the students, we all moved forward together, feeling supported. Whenever you feel lost in front of the code, it never lasts long, someone will always give you a hand and make sure you really understood before moving to the next step.Two other major positive points of the Wagon are the T.A. (teacher assistants) and the buddies.For my batch#67 (my training session), all the teacher assistants were former students, often from only a few months ago. They're available all day to answer your questions and help you with whatever you need. It is very motivating and helps you stay into it and never feel lost or overwhelmed by these long lines of code.The buddies, another great initiative, is a system of partnership with other alumnis. An algorithm on the online interface matches you with an alumni to team up with for the day. Changing teammates every day is a very enriching experience because it makes you deal with different levels, skills, personalities and perspectives. It makes you improve faster.Sure, you could learn by yourself online. I thought of doing it to. But the money you'll save will never replace what you'll learn at the Wagon. As a proof, Sylvain the referring professor in Bordeaux has learned in many years what we learn in 2 months, and with a better support, a better understanding and better tools.I can't recommend the Wagon more. You don't need to be familiar with coding, to be super logical or have a 160 IQ. You only need to be friendly and open-minded!Attending the Wagon's course was one of the best experiences of my life and without a doubt the best learning one. I didn't only learn new skills but also a new way of thinking, autonomy and I have gained more confidence and patience. The staff is outstanding and the experience life-changing. I strongly recommend it to anyone interested in digital jobs.Read Less",le-wagon
"We all know about the fever of entrepreneurship that’s taking the world by storm.As a multidisciplinary designer and strategic thinker, I have become an opportunist. I saw in every problem that surround me, an idea for a service, a platform, an app or... Read More whatever can be made and turned into a money making machine.In today’* world everything is becoming digital driven. Learning to code is a must for everyone. Even kids are learning to code with legos!Lacking coding skills, and finding that online courses weren’t sufficient I decided to join le Wagon Paris.And it was the best decision of my life!Everyday I learned a tons of things, everyday I got more and more comfortable with code. Everyday I was learning to communicate, build and collaborate with other developers. To sum it up, I acquired avant-garde skills that are on high demand in every sectors.I can testify that in a two-month period at le Wagon, I learned much more than I did during my two-year master. The program is so well designed from its morning lectures, its all day coding practices with a buddy, its livecoding sessions and finally to its end-of-program projects, that in the end, all the pieces fall together making you are capable of coding your own website right away!The teachers were amazing, very patient and super friendly! They have an amazing system to help you when you’re stuck with the code that will allow you to learn and reflect on your mistakes and Surprise! A lot of good cold beer to chill out your brain at the end of the day!In the end, not only it was an amazing experience, but the adventure continues. You will become part of an alumni network where you can find ressources, ask questions or even find work.If you want to become a developer, a piece of advice, join le Wagon, work hard play hard, build a family with your classmates and enjoy the experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"Having been working in a French start-up for 4 years in Canada, wearing different hats (Project/Product Manager), I wanted to fill technical gaps by learning more about coding. Comparing different schools in North America and Europe, I was convinced Le... Read More Wagon would offer me the best option. The learning curve seemed amazing, and they focused a lot in creating an efficient and international tech community which I wanted to be part of.Based on the reviews, I had high expectations about the FullStack program and all of them were exceeded. During my time at Le Wagon, we were completely immersed in the tech environment. Since day one, you understand that this is a boosting environment and that you need to make the best of it. The tech world changes fast, and they teach you how to adapt to it. I can now fully understand how coding affects performance and where to get the information I need to keep learning.Looking back at the 9-week-program now, I realise how much we have learned and accomplished. We were able to get a taste and use a lot of different technologies and languages, we've also got to play with APIs and build projects with other students.People at Le Wagon share a genuine interest in entrepreneurship, and it drives you to learn more every day. You will be mentored by teachers who are always happy to help or offer advice, and get the chance to attend diverse conferences about entrepreneurship.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had just graduated from my business degree in December but I felt that what I learned was too generic, with so many people graduating in business I thought I wasn't offering anything different, so I thought a full-stack boot camp would be a good way... Read More to differentiate myself.I did wonder how there were so many reviews of 5 out of 5 stars on the internet. But after I started reading a few of those reviews I started to get more and more convinced. The application process was by far the smoothest and easiest I have experienced, including a quick online form and a telephone interview with Ed the manager of the London Bootcamp, one of the coolest guys I've met.The course was very intense, and in the first two weeks I felt like most of the concepts I was taught did not have time to sink in, but soon I realised that when you are fed so much information so fast, the brain needs more time to process and store the information. In fact in the weeks that followed concepts that were a blur before were clearer and manageable. Moreover, I think this was because everyday you learn a new feature or concept but they build on what you learnt in the past days.In any case if you're having difficulty with any topic there some very nice technical assistants that will spend loads of extra time helping you out with topics even out of class hours.During the last ten days of the course we had to make an website in a team of 4 people I met 7 weeks ago. It gave me a whole new perspective in terms of workflow. No matter how much theory you've learnt in class about how a team is supposed to work together it's a different case when you are applying those concepts in real life. I learnt that the most important thing in a team is good communication (from experience this time) and secondly a supportive atmosphere. I have done several team projects in the past but none of them gave me this sense of a satisfying environment.I really enjoyed my time at Le Wagon and would recommend it to anyone.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was part of Le Wagon Batch #74... TLDR: it’s a life changing course to take.Unlike most of my cohort, I didn’t use Le Wagon as an opportunity to change career and become a developer. Already working in the tech industry, I felt it was important to learn... Read More to code in order to understand product development more deeply and also what developers go through. I also wanted to get enough coding chops so that I could contribute to side-projects. In both of those areas the course was a resounding success.In particular, Le Wagon London were great. Amazing teachers, great atmosphere, and a very product centric course meant we had a lovely time and learnt a ridiculous amount in 9 short weeks. It really was one of the most intense things I’ve ever done - they’re not kidding when they say 2 years of learning in only 2 months. What’s even better is that the overall opportunity cost is quite low; 9 weeks long and c. £6k.Given the commitment, I’d recommend the course to anybody who’s even slightly curious. Technology is taking over the world and being able to understand/ do web development (a core technology stack) will be a huge help in future proofing your profile. It may even open your eyes up to an exciting career in web development that you didn’t previously think possible - the jobs are definitely there. Good luck!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I started at Le Wagon I had been running a travel blog for several years. During that time, I became frustrated with my inability to add new features to the blog without relying on a developer. I also have plenty of ideas for new projects within... Read More the travel industry, but again, without the technical knowhow or serious investment, they were very difficult to get off the ground. I stumbled onto Le Wagon coding school earlier this year and decided if I was ever going to take my ideas further I was going to need to learn to code. It happened to be one of the best training decisions I ever made. The course is intense, there is a lot of information to take in within a short space of time, but they took me from no knowledge of coding to being able to build a website in 9 weeks. Each morning starts with a new lecture, after which you spend the rest of the day practising those skills in well-designed exercises. The teachers and assistants were all first class. Knowledgeable, patient, and eager to help every student understand every element of the course. The course is well structured and by the time you reach the final project in the last two weeks, each student has the ability to work on both the front and back end. Our team of four created a web application that simulated a recipe app. This included a tinder-style swiper which learnt the ingredients you did and didn't like and offered recipes based on your tastes. Since finishing the course, I'm now working on my new project, a travel company which creates short food tours led by chefs. I'm currently writing this from Bangkok where we've created the first tour and I'm working on building the website. I really couldn't recommend this course highly enough to anyone who wants a change of career or anyone who wants to model their own ideas.Read Less",le-wagon
"At first, I attended Le Wagon because I was curious about how websites worked.Their program is so great that at the end of the 9 (intensive) weeks, I was able to build a full web app on my own!I definitely loved it and would recommend it to anyone who... Read More seeks a new start. Attending Le Wagon is the best decision I've taken in my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon Bootcamp, I used to have a good position in a multinational company. But for several reasons, I wanted a carreer change. One day, I watched a video on the internet about LeWagon Bootcamp. Since then, I am completely found of web developing,... Read More and I won’t stop. When I joined the bootcamp, I realized that Lewagon is more than a bootcamp, it is a real human adventure where we meet incredible people. Everybody is passionate and ambitious. The community of developers is growing every day! We share good practices, job offers, and so on. Today, I feel comfortable with launching my own project. In fact, I’ve learned the best practices to work on a tech product. That’s why I definitely recommend LeWagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Well, passed those 9 weeks and a couple of months after my experience on LeWagon's bootcamp, I can definitely endorse their slogan ""Change your life: learn to code"". At least for me, it really changed my life.As a background, I'm a business graduated,... Read More who spent many years working on the industry as a marketing executive. From traditional marketing I moved to digital marketing and that's pretty much when I decided to quit the industry and start a career as an entrepreneur on the tech market.By that time, I honestly wasn't aware how much the lack of technical skills would cost me. Time showed me that an idea, a vision, business knowledge, money and contacts might not be enough to build a great tech company. Yes, you can find technical partners, you can hire people, but how can you lead a business if you don't know what is under the hood?As a stubborn entrepreneur, a couple of bad experiences wouldn't put me down... I just didn't find the right partner yet, I thought. What about learning to code? Are you nuts???? Have you seen those codes, that black crazy screen, this is not for me! This is for engineers, mathematicians, scientists... I'm just a creative business guy.But well, after struggling a bit more I heard about this bootcamp stuff and started to consider it as an option.Not that I blindly joined it. Before signing in for this two months journey, I watched a few demodays, I cold mailed some random people that took the course and asked for feedbacks. I even went to one of their events before I made up my mind.... ok, let's go for it!Now, the only regret I have is to have waited so long for it.LeWagon's course, material, structure, teachers, colleagues etc, they all overcame my expectations. They really take the right path to introduce some non-technical guy like myself to programing from the basics to be able to build an actual product for the market. I do believe that Ruby on Rails is a great choice as a programing language/framework for this program, as now we can rely on a big and active community of programmers to support our progress moving on.Today although working with programmers much more experienced than myself in my team, I'm being able to lead the development of our product, understanding what are our alternatives, the best choices, while actually helping coding our next features.As a final advice, if you are thinking about taking the LeWagon bootcamp, think no further, just go for it, I promise, you won't regret!Read Less",le-wagon
"Three months ago, there was Jules: a front-end web developer working remotely on CMS such as Wordpress, Prestashop..Now, there is Jules from Le Wagon : a junior fullstack developer, who knows and understands what is under the hood :wink:The truth is:... Read More I am that (new) guy.I started with a few basic skills (html, css..), my clients were pretty satisfied but I was not.My lack of knowledge was frustrating for me: what if a client wanted a website “from scratch”, how could I do if it required more skills than expected, especially if it involved the “back-end” ? (the hidden part of a website).To answer these questions, I decided I would find a way to improve my skills.I talked about Le Wagon to some friends, and they were dithyrambic: just do it... if you can.During the bootcamp, some of the most essential skills I acquired were to think and work as a developer, as well as to be able to understand the lines of code produced by other developers. It’s important as it shows you different ways of thinking and problem-solving.This bootcamp is more than just an intensive 9-week coding program that teaches you all from programming to designing a web product, it’s a real family and an amazing tech community that you join. The teaching staff is very dedicated and helps you out throughout the whole length of the bootcamp.I now have left my first career behind and I have started a new one as a freelance frontend developer. Of course I’m still in the middle of that path but I now know what I want to do and how I can achieve it. I’m also a Teaching Assistant at Le Wagon Paris now.Therefore, if you want to know how to build your own digital projects to understand what a MVC model means, but also to be able to work and clearly communicate with developers to get things cleaned and done, I would recommend you this program.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Batch #64 in São Paulo.The ""change your life, learn to code"" headline might sound like an overstatement, but it's not. Le Wagon is allowing me to change my life and to get closer to my goals.Programming was never a strange thing to me. I attended... Read More Engineering School, where I learned some C and Assembly. Working on financial markets for the last 11 years got me some VBA skills.But web programming was way ahead of my understanding.Before Le Wagon I tried to read some books, to follow some tutorials, to watch some videos. The information was so diffused that it took months to get me from zero to almost nothing. Alone and not having too much time on my hands, it was very hard to know what to read and where to focus.When I learned about Le Wagon, I felt that it was for me.It doesn't matter if you know some programming or if you have never seen a single line of code at all. If you feel that you would be closer to your goals if you had the ability to code a web app, you have the fit to attend Le Wagon.The last 2 weeks of the course, when you join a team to build a real application (my team built the mvp of a headhunter marketplace), have the power to show you what you can do in real life.The curriculum is results driven and will get you from 0 to 1 in an unbelievable short time. The teaching platform is amazing. After the 9 weeks, you'll have all the essentials to follow ahead by your own feet.Now, after Le Wagon, I'm co-founding a energy trading company. Despite this being a more 'traditional' company (by not being part of the startup world), Le Wagon is allowing us to leverage the potential of our new company: I'm building a back office web platform - something that's not common for this kind of business.Don't get intimidated if you don't have familiarity with coding. If you love tech and have the urge to build stuff, Le Wagon can help you.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was originally a social scientist without affinity for IT when due to my work as a Project Manager I started to collaborate closely with programmers and IT professionals. That’s when I made up my mind to learn to code to be able to better communicate... Read More with my team members. After some research, I decided to join the Le Wagon Bootcamp in São Paulo (Batch 64).My expectations were very high and they even got exceeded! I did not imagine that I will learn in such a short time to build a working web application from scratch. For the final two-week-project we have built a doctors review page with a group of four programming newbies. It was an amazing experience and I recommend the Le Wagon bootcamp to everyone that is motivated to learn to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I came across Le Wagon in a somewhat random, unintentional way. I once had a long layover and I joined a digital entrepreneurship meet up organised by Le Wagon. When I met the team and the batch students, I immediately fell in love with their vibe. Since... Read More that moment on, the idea of signing up for Le Wagon was seeded in my mind.I am a psychologist by training, and I have mostly worked in human resources as a consultant. Nevertheless, I have always been a technology enthusiast. I wanted to steer my career towards the tech field, either as an entrepreneur or as a consultant. In order to be effective when working with developers, I thought doing a coding bootcamp would give me the right foundation. I decided to join Le Wagon in Barcelona, and it was the perfect match for me - While the course gives you a rock-solid background in coding, the focus on agility and acquiring the skills to launch your own projects as fast as possible is always present throughout the curriculum.What I did not expect is that Le Wagon would also spark a passion for coding. I had zero background in coding prior to the bootcamp, and I was amazed at what I was able to build in a team after only 9 weeks. The positive atmosphere, the constant challenge in combination with the attentive support of the teaching staff equipped me to become self-driven as a junior developer by the end of the process.After finishing, I can say that Le Wagon is way more than a coding course. You will interact with a variety of highly skilled professors, you will join a community of talented people from all sorts of backgrounds, and you will have an incredible alumni network to tap into whether you are looking for a developer job, freelance opportunities or kicking off your own venture. When I look at how much I’ve learned, and the opportunities that I now have in front of me, I can only say that going through Le Wagon has been the best career-changing decision I could have taken.Add Comment CollapRead Less",le-wagon
"Over the past year, I have been trying to learn how to code using online resources. Unfortunately, I was overwhelmed by the amount of topics that I needed to cover as well as the extensive documentation that was necessary for each subject. When I found... Read More out that it is really time consuming to learn on my own, I decided to look for other ways. I began searching for coding bootcamps nearby, I was impressed by the amount of skills they promised but I was skeptical as well. The first website I came across was Switchup which ranked different bootcamps by order. Le Wagon was ranked first and it had positive reviews all around. It caught my attention and I decided to find out more. I went on their website and I started watching the previous demo days, watching these videos is what made Le Wagon stand out for me. It was proof of what people where able to achieve at the end of the bootcamp. I decided to apply, and when I saw that they had a program in Barcelona, I was instantly hooked, I had always wanted to go to Spain and this was the perfect opportunity.   On the first day of the bootcamp, I was really nervous about my decision, moving to a new city, being stuck with the same people for 9 weeks, I just didn’t know if it was all worth it. However, after the first week, I was convinced. We had learned so much in the first 5 days that made me know for sure that I had made the right decision. If you have doubts about doing Le Wagon, Just go for it. There is so much to learn and many experiences to be had. Le wagon is a lot more than just coding, it is about community, travel, entrepreneurship, teamwork, product development, project management, etc… You learn a variety of skills that together make you standout when applying for your next job. It opens your eyes to the tech world and gives you the necessary skills to succeed in it. Along the way, you make sincere friendships with likeminded people that can expand your networks and help you find professional opportunities.   The program itself is well structured and organized. The first half is divided into two major sections, you first learn the fundamental skills of a backend programmer, and then you learn the frontend. The second half is about putting it all together and creating different products. The last two weeks are by far the most challenging, but definitely the most rewarding. You team up with different students and create your own products from beginning to end. Reaching the end of the bootcamp is the toughest part. Everyone was emotional on the last day and it was very hard to say good bye. However, we were all looking forward for what we have to come and ready to take on new challenges. It is truly as they advertise: learn to code, change your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon batch#48 ParisLe Wagon is clearly the best training experience I had in my life. The pedagogy is really perfect, pushing you into learning by doing and manipulating all the core concepts of programming by blocks that you later assemble to be... Read More able to create a project from A to Z. At the end of Le Wagon, you are autonomous to strengthen your knowledge in programming and learn new languages.More than just acquiring pure technical knowledge, you also learn the best practices to work on a product-oriented web project with other people. The community is awesome and supportive, during and after the end of the bootcamp. You are part of a family and can find other alumni glad to help you out all around the world.Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Mathieu, I was part of batch#70 for 9 weeks which took place in Paris from April to June 2017. Before joining Le Wagon, I was already a student in computer sciences but I was looking for a faster way to get expertise and get a job .A friend... Read More of mine, who had done the program, told me about Le Wagon and explained that he was designing a product and wanted to rise his start up shortly.He told me his experience was awesome and that it would be for me a great opportunity that I should not miss.During my interview, I felt confident and I felt like I was about to immerse myself into this place for 9 full weeks.On the very first day, four of us got there one hour in advance, impatient and excited to start this new adventure. Those four people became subsequently my friends.This experience was amazing, we have been supervised by Teachers and passionate Teaching Assistants. We were ready to give the best of ourselves. And we knew for a fact that they were going to lead us to success.Sometimes, I even forgot to get lunch because of being too much focused on coding.Despite the toughness of the first few weeks, our good mood and the share of our motivation, there was a pretty good atmosphere .Every single day, you get to work with a different person which brought a rich social and human dimension to this learning experience.Numerous meetups and afterwords were organised in order to make us get a deep dive into the tech world.Afterwards, we learnt about databases, the Ruby Language and web front-end, then we finished the four last weeks with Rails that were, to my mind, the best weeks I have ever spent in my life!The real difficulty was to learn how to code in groups as well as to respect the due date for the projects such as the Airbnb-clone.I succeeded in joining a passionate group led by an artist whose project was called Let's Curate.  The aim is to put artists in touch with each other so that they can organise an exhibition together.Le Wagon will remain in my memory forever. I learnt a lot of skills, I made a lot of friends but I also earned a family.Nowadays, I am working in a Parisian Web Agency and as a junior Ruby on Rails Full Stack Web Developer.I think that it was one of the best experiences in my life and I know it was hard but would do it again. You should try it as well. You won't be disappointed.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 8 years as a Marketing Manager, the desire of launching my own project was so big that I finally decided to leave my job to try it.One of my most important wishes was to stop wasting my time in too many meetings, and to find meaning by concretely... Read More building something on my own.Because my project is an app, I needed to learn a lot about code. I think I’ve always had a quite good culture about web, but as a marketer who used to work with agencies. Technically, I was a beginner who could not understand a word while looking at a code page! A friend of mine told me about Le Wagon, which seemed to be the right solution for me, and that’s the way I finally integrated the batch70 from April to June 2017.With hindsight, this program was a useful transition between my old job and my new working life. First, it’s helpful and inspiring to meet people who have the same problematics. Then, I re-learned to stay focus on the same subject more than 10 minutes (with no phone calls or colleagues interruptions :)), and to use my brain in a faster way. It’s also motivating to see that I was able to understand programming languages basics in a few weeks! Moreover, the pedagogic concept runs well with me. The buddies system and the « try-to-find-yourself-before-asking-to-the-teacher » spirit showed us how to work as a developper, to be autonomous, but also to work as a team efficiently.And now that I’m on my own, even if my batch is over, I can still access all the resources Le Wagon gave us, and exchange with all the alumni. That is really useful and I feel more than ever ready to work on my project!Read Less",le-wagon
"Because of Le Wagon, I am a confident coder. Leaving Barcelona and Le Wagon was the hardest thing I’ve ever had to do. If you are on the fence about doing this course, I can only say that you will not regret it one bit. You will learn coding and how to... Read More work with a variety of different people, which are skills you can use for years to come.I was sitting in my computer science class one day when my teacher started talking about studying abroad. Immediately I texted my dad about the two-week trip my teacher discussed during class. He shot that idea down saying it looked more like a vacation than real education and told me he would, however, be open to a coding boot camp. I didn’t even know coding boot camps existed so I Googled “best coding boot camps” and Le Wagon popped up near the top of the list. I was interested in traveling abroad and the Le Wagon hit both items on the check list (coding and international travel). I was very nervous before our first Le Wagon Lecture. My roommate Courtney and I tripled checked our backpacks because we were so nervous. When we walked into class we were greeted by all the teachers who were very friendly and by Gus who we knew from our interviews. After our first lecture, we dove right into our coding challenge and it was go, go, go for the next nine weeks. The Le Wagon teachers are not only great coders, but are also great people. They made us feel welcome from day one and were also nice enough to meet up with us after class either to help us with coding or simply to grab a beer and talk about how the day went. The thing I’ll miss most about the experience is going out with the other students after class. We loved going to Placa del Sol, drinking beers and eating patatas bravas, and talking about how the day went. Their slogan “learn to code change your life” says it all and is true. Whether you’re going to be a coder after boot camp, going back to school, or going back to your old job, this experience was really life changing. In nine weeks I got to work with 23 different people from all kinds of different backgrounds, and for me that was something special. I made friendships that I’m sure will last a lifetime.Read Less",le-wagon
"I love my two months at Le Wagon Paris learning how to code from scratch. There are two main reasons for that: - The training is great, the teacher are operational and provide pragmatic advice. So it is super effective to learn in only 9 weeks there.... Read More - It is a lot about people there, the human experience is unique. To discover more, I encourage you to have a look at the article I wrote on the subject (it is just a 3 min read).https://medium.com/@AMikl_/le-wagon-bootcamp-what-for-1d67e2cca5ebRead Less",le-wagon
"I could definitely say that the LeWagon bootcamp was an extremely rewarding experience and also quite unique when talking about the teaching method (and platform) itself. By the end of 2016, I finished my professional journey at the Rio2016 Organising... Read More Committee for the Olympic and Paralympic Games, where I worked for the Supply Chain planning. So far, I had been in touch with an 'upper layer' of programming, mostly improving spreadsheets and making them more automatic. Given my interest about it, and realizing how programming could be useful in so many other fields and approaches, I decided to look for a way to deepen my programming knowledge. That was when I found out about LeWagon, from a friend's recommendation which assured me that after the 9 week bootcamp, I would be able to develop web applications by myself. Even a bit skeptical about it, I decided to join the next batch in São Paulo (batch #64). Now I can tell you for sure that my friend was not only right, but also conservative in his recommendation. The 9 week program is minimally designed to make anyone learn about the mindset and structures about the development of a web project. Even though it is focused on Ruby (and its lot of integration with a series of other tools), the course shows itself to be mainly concerned about teaching the students the best ways (yes, there is always more than one) of achieving the objectives, and not only the correct answers. The feeling of understanding this logic behind the codes gives you a great overview about how applications are done, don't matter the language, and the startup environment of the bootcamp makes sure that it never gets boring or over-demanding. Who could say that after 7 weeks of lessons I would be able to code from scratch , with 3 other colleagues of mine, a full web application for a recruitment marketplace (headhunters x companies) in only 2 weeks? Hardly myself. After all, the final project was the base of an actual operational app for an actual operational company. The knowledge obtained from the bootcamp is already coming handy and making me fit for a number of professional opportunities that I wouldn't even consider before. All that being said, it is clear that LeWagon exceeded any expectations that I had.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a marketing project manager at one of the leading classified ads company in France, I decided to go to Le Wagon bootcamp to be more operational, to have a transverse vision and to code the projects I specified. The training, very intense, highly rewarding... Read More both from a human and intellectual point of view give me the necessary set of skills to carry out all possible web projects imaginable. The pedagogy and the tools provided are of a very high quality, thanks to LeWagon, I code every day at work and I love it!Last but not least, LeWagon community is very large and powerful, which allows us to have mutual support and to discover many opportunitiesRead Less",le-wagon
"After finishing my law degree and gaining some insight in the nowadays still inefficient practice in various law areas I began having second thoughts - the possibility of lawyers built as artificial intelligence bots will take over is relatively high.... Read More Thus I signed up for Le Wagon to stay on top of things.Le Wagon has not only given me a broad insight on the most relevant skill of the 21st century - coding, but foremost the mindset to be able to create my own products.The 9 weeks have flown by and I’m still amazed by the amount I’ve learnt in such a short time.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am passionate to learn and create, and studied business in University. I travelled around the world to discover the spectrum of culture and ways of life. In all my travels and past projects I always found a ‘golden door’ that gave me access to a new... Read More world of knowledge, people and experiences: Languages.After my travels I settled in Amsterdam with two primary drivers in mind: technology and sustainability. I had enrolled in classes online (MOOC) related to these two subjects as well as Blockchain. By diving into Blockchain I realised how powerful technology can be used for positive and sustainable change in business and the broader world. I became aware of how coding is the universal language of our digital world: so I decided I must learn.I started looking for a coding school and chose le Wagon in Amsterdam for its reputation, the community and its entrepreneurial mindset.Teachers and teacher assistants are highly motivated to share their knowledge and competencies. The pedagogy is well driven and allows you to be part of the beautiful world of developers, entrepreneurs and change-makers. For the final project, we built a chatbot that enables citizens to report a problem or suggest an idea within your own city. Our startup - Citydotzen (http://citydotzen.com) - got selected by the incubator program “Startup in Residence” driven by the province North Holland. Over the next 6 months we will grow our chatbot and develop our startup.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before entering Le Wagon, I worked as a marketing manager for an e-commerce website for 3 years. It was a first approach of the web world to me, but I wanted to go further and learn how to code. Le Wagon allowed me to learn how to make a website without... Read More having to re-enter the studying system for several years. I learned the basis of HTML, CSS, jQuery, SQL, Ruby, Ruby and Rails, etc. But the bootcamp is not just about learning several languages one after another, it's all about understanding the structure of a modern website and choosing the good language to do the right thing. Le Wagon also gives us the tips to learn by ourselves other programming languages and the best practices to build up a web application. It really loved that experience and it gave me the will to be a good developer. I am currently learning how to use Vanilla JS by myself with a friend/co-worker I met at Le Wagon, and we are going to learn React JS right after. I'm also looking for freelance opportunities as a developer. Le Wagon's former students network should allow me to find good chances quite quickly.Read Less",le-wagon
"To start with, the bootcamp was definitely worth it. If you would have asked me at the start what I believe I would be able to do at the end, I would by far not have believed I would have learnt that much.  Before starting the course, I studied Mechanical... Read More Engineering, therefore I was already comfortable with the logic based thinking and a bit of programming. Still, it is a different world of programming when one is at university. At Le Wagon, I thought the teaching was very product oriented. It gives the lectures and exercises a purpose and a motivation to learn and code for multiple hours 5 days a week for 9 weeks straight. Thinking back, I cannot believe having spent that much time at a computer day in day out and I still enjoyed it.  Le Wagon in Lisbon also gives you a whole environment within the startup scene, where you feel like you are part of the dynamic. Regular talks with StartUp CEOs, CTOs or Founders encourage you to pursue your own idea, to put effort into something that probably is out of your comfort zone. Le Wagon also is a network of people that are ready to help each other, give advice and valuable feedback.  The group of students of the batch for me one of the most important factors of the course. Everyone comes from a different background, a different country or a different stage in their lives. Though one thing they all had in common was the thrill and enthusiasm to learn something new and get out of their comfort zone. So we might have been very different people but we had a strong common point. This lead to regular dinner parties, weekends at the beach or just a good after work beer. The atmosphere and the support within the batch is one key element that drives you through these intense 9 weeks. Even though I am going back to study and will not straight jump into the developer's world, it was one of the best decisions of my gap year. It opened a new world of possibilities for me, it set the path for a never ending learning process in programming and all its various fields and it gave me an immense jump forward.Read Less",le-wagon
"I decided to learn ruby on rails, HTML and CSS, SQL etc because for a long time I had this in my bucket list of dreams. Le Wagon Lisbon was exactly what I have expected to gain out of VERY INTENSIVE 9 weeks of learn coding from scratch. The professors... Read More and assistants were incredible and really took me to the next level. Lisbon is THE city to be if you want to be surrounded by likeminded folks who want to challenge their skills, get involved in coding communities and be surrounded by start ups from all over the world who are coming to Lisbon because of the weather, food, beach and because the entire city is turning into a tech meltingpot. Highly recommend this course in Lisbon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Fantastic course, fast-paced and intense but thorough, led by a dedicated team keen on seeing their students learn as much as they can. The course takes you through all steps necessary to emerge as a full stack junior dev but there's also considerable... Read More effort directed towards teaching you how to think and work on a product as an entrepreneur, not just to execute under guidance. A strong recommend for those looking to get challenged and learn.Read Less",le-wagon
"I'm an engineer, 6 years of prof. exp, with previous knowledge in algorithm theory and a quantitative mindset. I wanted to learn code the way entrepreneur code. Not the old style code I learned in school (which I hated!)Pro: - Fast pace- Excellent ratio... Read More teacher / student (about 1/6)- Amazing fine tuning of the cursus: each daily lesson follows exactly the previous. 0 redundancy!- Great community &amp; alumni networkCons:- Warning, you will not be satisfied at the end: you will want to keep learning ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"I’m passionate about computers and tech in general, I’ve learned everything I know about it all on my own, I’ve learned a little bit of programming in school and a bit of HTML and CSS but never dove too much in it.One day, someone told me about LeWagon... Read More Bordeaux, I was looking for a job at the time and I said to myself, “since I like programming, why not go head and take my chance in this world?”, since then, two months have passed and I found a true new passion by the name of “Web developing”, I truly love making web apps.During batch#67 at LeWagon Bordeaux, I programmed an app called “Happynvestor”, an app which helps you find the perfect real estate to buy so you can make the best profit out of it, I programmed it in ten days with three of my fellow alumnis, this was a really intense and learnful, both humanly and technically.This bootcamp was exactly what I needed to learn code properly and start my career as a freelancer, the amount of skills you learn in two months is insane but really awesome, this was, without a doubt, the best experience of my life and I’ll do it again and again.So, if you are still in doubt, just stop, go for it, you won’t regret it.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hery, Auto-entrepreneur, batch#67 alumni, Le Wagon Bordeaux.My Le Wagon Bordeaux journey? Well, let's get it straight: it was totally mental but worthed the pain 10 times!Perhaps other students came into it with some web developpement knowledges already... Read More acquired but I went into it like from scratch. I wouldn't say from absolute zero because I made the required prep work before the bootcamp but almost ; and let me tell you: this was the best professionnal jump I ever made in my life!Let's be immediatly clear : the fullstack program is incredibly hard but amazing. Everything, every courses serve a progressing main purpose and the Staff is highly trained to help you reach it. So I promise you this : it will work at the end of the day! I truly realized that the only real issue that you will have to face is... yourself.""Bootcamp"" here makes a real sense but if you hold on, if you do your best to keep up, there will definitely be an old you and a complete new you ready and eager to dig deep &amp; code all day, every single day. This program is all about learning how to learn code. I also finally understood why Ruby on Rails reveals itself to be the optimal choice for this 9 weeks program, especially for Entrepreneurship, As an entrepreneur who wanted to upgrade its set of technical skills, I can draw now by myself all the creative concepts I kept on my mind all this time. Because I had no idea of how to make them happen with no financial means to hire a developper. And now guess what? I have one : me! Not perfect, surely a junior one but definitely a web developper.Today, I am able to build MVPs with Ruby on Rails and let my creativity go out with HTML/CSS/JS. I understand what makes a page landing good or great. I can see clearly architecture of new 2017 designs trends. How big websites like AirBnB are designed and thought. During the last 2 weeks, I even build an entire Treasure Hunt mobile app with 2 teamates with essentially Javascript ffs! This is something I'd never thought I could do few months earlier... And now, I am just driven by one and only thing at a professional perspective: dig and practise more and more with many small little projects.If you have a creative mind that only lacks technical skills to make your ideas come alive, I recommend you to just jump on this unstoppable train : https://www.lewagon.com/Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve just finished the Batch # 67 of the Wagon Bordeaux. I have only one word to say: THANK YOU! That an incredible professional and human adventure. It is intense and so rewarding. We are a new person, with technical skills that we could never have acquired... Read More otherwise. It’s crazy that to know what ve have in our hands. It's pretty incredible how strong you feel with these tools. The Ruby language is truly hyper well designed so it can be adopted very quickly. For me, the Wagon allowed me to see more clearly what I really wanted to do in life. And I discovered a world that I particularly love. Our final training projects show us how much we learned during the previous weeks. To apply all notions is really satisfactory. We do not realize what we can do.I can only tell you one thing, go ahead! Of course, there is a lot of work, the bootcamp is intense, but you will come out stronger. The team is top, listening, professional. The atmosphere is always cool !Do not hesitate to exchange with alumni of the Wagon for their feedback and to go to the Demo Day ! So, let’s Happy Hacking! :wink:Read Less",le-wagon
"I've been part of Le Wagon Bordeaux (https://www.lewagon.com/fr/bordeaux)batch#67, from April to June 2017.Before I join Le Wagon, I had a little developper experience, but not for theweb : C#.NET essentially ;As I wanted to reorient myself as a web developer,... Read More it appeared that Le Wagon'sbootcamp was the perfect deal for me : a short and intense fullstack course.9 weeks later, I found much more that what I was searching for : not only a setof strong skills for web development, but also a rich human experience with anew community : Le Wagon's great staff members, and my bootcamp teammates.Le Wagon's pedagogical format is great : learning a programming language is likelearning a foreign language, and the best is to get immersed in.I think that every student, regardless of his or her starting level, hasexperienced a very significant learning curve.Sounds perfect ? Yeah : I also felt in love with Ruby :)Thank you Le Wagon for this great programming and human experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon Lisbon is entering into a new part of your life where you meet part of your new family. Seriously, when you spend 9 weeks with people with a similar mindset overcoming problems this is bound to happen. It’s like going to school again but: there... Read More are no bullies, your old enough to drink and most importantly the thing your learn here are real and directly applicable in the real world. Remember that feeling of “when am I ever going to use algebra in my life?!” - well this is it. But don't stress out about the algebra - It's simple logic and I clicks when applied. Your going to learn Ruby, Ruby on Rails, Git &amp; GitHub, SQLite &amp; Posgres, Javascript, HTML, CSS, API’s, Heroku and much more! If this sound like gibberish, that’s ok you haven’t done the bootcamp yet! All you need to know is that you’ll learn a range of tools that will allow you to independently start your project or start working as a junior developer. If your worries considering if this is the right coding language to get into my response is: unless your going for something really specific and you know what language you want, Ruby is great to learn and ridiculously powerful. After learning an object orientated language you can also easily jump from one language to another, one just has to learn a bit of syntax and practice.So, in conclusion: If you are interested in learning how to code, be it to get a job a developer or launch a startup, then Le Wagon is right for you! And if you’re considering spending 9 weeks coding, do it in Lisbon! The teachers are international and amazing, it’s cheaper than anywhere else, and the tech scene is booming. And of course it’s sunny, safe and the beer is cold. So come along and join the fun!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Lionel and I'm from Belgium. I'm a 3D Graphic Designer but I've always been interested about Web Development, especially Web Design. I'll give you some life context so that you can understand why Le Wagon was such a game changer for me !After... Read More my studies, I worked few years in Belgium as a graphic designer but then I decided to leave my comfort zone and travel the world. I've been to Australia, New Zealand, and Asia during more than a year, working as a freelancer to carry on my trip. During my studies, I gained a set of skills combining rigour, technique, and creativity but something was missing : coding.I knew le Wagon for a while but I was working and was busy on some projects, so not able to apply for the bootcamp while I was in Europe. But when I was in Indonesia, I received my canadian visa and at the same time I heard Le Wagon will do his first batch in Montreal in February 2017. It was a sign and the perfect timing so I told myself, LET'S DO THIS ! My only regret ? I didn't apply earlier !!!It was an amazing experience and I'm still in touch with most of my classmates and teachers. Le Wagon is not only an amazing community, it's also a family. After Le Wagon, with one of my classmates, we've decided to work as freelance Web Developers during our freetime and after only 3 weeks I found a job in a great startup as a Front-End Developer ! Plus, I'm also now a Teacher Assistant for the next batch and will do my best to give the students the best experience possible, as I got.Honestly, I'm really impressed by what we learned in just 9 weeks and I'm so glad I did it because I can now combine my graphic design skills with web development. So don't hesitate guys, it's 200% worth it and you won't regret it for sure.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been wanting to learn to code properly for a while before joining Le Wagon. But I did not know how to do that, exactly. I never had the discipline for long-term self-studies, and was definitely not interested in spending years getting another university... Read More degree. Then one day, I found out about coding bootcamps, and immediately fell in love with the concept. A few months of fully immersive learning was exactly what I wanted. After some research I finally decided to apply for Le Wagon in Amsterdam.Before I left, I was not sure that doing a two-month course abroad would pay off. People in Stockholm generally don't seem to know what a coding bootcamp is, so I did not know what employers would say about it. So I had somewhat low expectations for my post-bootcamp life, but decided to take a leap of faith anyway.Despite my skepticism, everything turned out really well. I had an amazing time in Amsterdam, the teachers at Le Wagon were great and the curriculum well-planned. And shortly after returning to Stockholm I got a job as a Ruby on Rails developer in a small consulting firm. Also, our final project got accepted to a 6-month startup acceleration program in the Netherlands, which is really cool.All in all, I'm very happy with my choice to join Le Wagon. The program doesn't teach you everything there is to know about computer science and web development (nobody can do that in 9 weeks), but it puts you on the right track and opens a lot of doors. I would definitely recommend Le Wagon to anyone dreaming of making a career transition to web development.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon bootcamp in January/February 2017 in Paris. Before applying to attend the bootcamp, I read many reviews saying it was an amazing training and that it was a life-changing experience. I can confirm now, it was.Before Le Wagon, I was... Read More an entrepreneur and was working for my own company. Well, the business didn’t work out and I had to think about what to do next (going back to my previous previous job as a Marketer was not an option). I was feeling like I was missing something not knowing how to code. Plus, I wanted to stay in the startup system and coding skills were highly valued skills. So, after many researches, it became clear that Le Wagon was what I was looking for. So, I joined the batch#48 in Paris. And I loved it.Everything was very well organised. You can feel that they have been improving the bootcamp batch after batch and that now the formula is almost perfect. Not only the courses were very qualitative and the methodology efficient, but the people I met there were all fantastic. The teachers were passionate, the staff was available and the community management was awesome, the students were all interesting and smart people from different areas. I am so glad I was part of the adventure.I found a job right after the bootcamp as a backend developer. Beginning was tough, but thanks to Le Wagon I was really well prepared for technical interviews and the job that came after. The bootcamp is short and intense, but the foundations are solid. I am now starting a new career I enjoy so much thanks to Le Wagon, and I can still hardly believe it just took me 9 weeks to get there.Read Less",le-wagon
"After working as a picture framer for around 7 years, I was looking for a change. I had built a website for the company that I was working for and really enjoyed the process. I started doing a few more (mainly wordpress) sites for charities and small... Read More business’ and I realised that maybe this was the career change I was looking for.I taught myself in the evenings and at the weekend using online resources and was really enjoying it. I learned a lot but after a few months I felt like I was going in circles and had reached the limit of online learning.This is where the decision to join a bootcamp came. I looked at a broad range of bootcamps, each with different structures and learning styles.I chose Le Wagon for a number of reasons. I really liked the fact that all of the learning resources were available after the bootcamp ended. This was also very helpful when I unexpectedly had to miss 2 days of the bootcamp. I could read the lectures and keep up with the rest of the class. I also liked the way that the bootcamp had a strong social group. I now feel I have a strong group of like-minded developers who can help me when I get stuck.The bootcamp was hard work, especially as I had to travel into Amsterdam each day. It was however worth every minute and I’m really glad I made the decision to take part -- I’m now confident and ready to become a junior Ruby developer!Read Less",le-wagon
"If you can see from the other reviews, Le Wagon gets high marks as a programming bootcamp. It has a well-designed, rigorous curriculum that does a great job starting you at A (almost no knowledge of programming) and getting you to Z (being an autonomous... Read More developer that can build applications). The teachers and TAs were knowledgeable, supportive and great teachers. The bootcamp is absolutely worth the price. It has made me an autonomous software developer, which is exactly what I was looking for - of course, I have plenty more to learn but I have no problem digging into documentation that would've intimidated me before.About Barcelona in particular, I couldn't have made a better choice of location. Seriously, if you decide to go with Le Wagon, do it in Barcelona. The batch had an amazing group of people that you rarely find in one place - different nationalities who had all lived abroad and developed the open-mindedness and maturity that comes with that. When the bootcamp ended, I think I can speak for all of us when I say that we experienced ""Le Wagon withdrawal"". This was not linked to the program and curriculum (as great as it was) but the sense of community that developed during the Barcelona batch.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have this basic theory on a job that after 6 months you know what you are doing, if you don’t have the opportunity to learn new things in your job, considered it over. So after a business school in Paris and more than a year in a US firm, I chose to... Read More quit in order to fulfill the need to learn new things and also, actually build stuff.I had the chance to be part of the creation of a startup in my studies, all those web principles that you may have heard of, but that you don’t study in Business school, such as MVP, prototyping, UX/UI and of course web development. Those concepts are well-documented on the internet if you wanna get a deep dive into it, but I don’t think you will really understand them until you actually use it in a practical way. This experience was intellectually insane for me, I wanted to know more and also get my hands in the code.This is what Le Wagon teaches you, a practical approach to build stuff, from the idea to its launch, as well as an overwhelming web knowledge.The overall experience is life-changing. I was part of the Batch#48 in Paris, not only that Le Wagon team is inspiring, welcoming and knowledgeable, you also learn to code with dynamic and motivated classmates, people who are truly dedicated to learn which makes the bootcamp truly enjoyable.I would recommend it anytime.Read Less",le-wagon
"**TL:DR: Le Wagon was awesome.**———————————————I’ve done lots of fun things with great people, and I’ve studied in a lot of places, but never have I experienced something that was such a great experience and taught me so much in such a short time.My experience... Read More at Le Wagon, Batch #57 (Barcelona) was worth every penny, no question. I can’t imagine having a better learning environment with more supportive and knowledgeable staff and diverse and interesting classmates. We had people from all over—the US, France, Italy, Bulgaria, Ireland, and of course a few Spanish locals.**The Environment**Don’t get me wrong, most of the bootcamp was spent indoors, but what can I say? It’s hard not to love studying in a place like Barcelona. Being in such a beautiful setting really boosted my experience. I mean, I got to walk past La Sagrada Familia every day on my way to class. If you’re a Barcelona native you probably try to look the other way, but I think I hurt my neck looking up so many times.The coworking space we were in was modern and well equipped. There were some minor issues with Wi-Fi on occasion, but I believe those have been fixed, and I think the batch is actually in the process of moving to a different space.**The Leadership**The leadership really made the experience. I can’t imagine having better instructors and TA’s than the ones we had in Batch #57. Our lead instructor was an incredibly humble and personable guy who carried us through each lesson with a sense of humor and an approach that was laid-back while taking his role quite seriously. Since he was the lead instructor, he gets his own sentence here, but I can say that the other instructors and the TAs were also very knowledgeable, encouraging and enjoyable to learn from. I’m still in touch with several of them!As far as the technical expertise of the instructors, I never once doubted their qualification to be teaching us. *They really seemed to know above and beyond the stuff they were teaching us, and had an immediate answer for almost every question that was thrown at them.*There was always the sense that the instructors wanted to make sure everyone was on the same page and that no one got left behind. For those who struggled, the leadership did a great job of giving them extra help while balancing their commitment to the rest of the class.Everything was well-organized and there were never any logistical issues that I noticed. This is in contrast to some horror stories I’ve heard about certain bootcamps stateside. From the Driver, instructors and TAs there was no snark, there were no walls up, everyone was receptive and communicative, and took their position seriously.To the guys doing hiring at Le Wagon: keep up that good work! You’ve impressed me.**The Outcome**I’d been teaching myself web development for a couple years prior to my attendance, but Le Wagon really enabled me to bring it all together and gain the confidence I needed to know that I was in this game for the long term.During the 7th week, my small group was able to quickly bootstrap a robust Rails app with several pages and a fully functional UI and back end. And during the final two weeks, we put together a much more functional app that made the first one look like child’s play. Our final presentation was made a success thanks to the coaching and technical help from our Driver and couple of the TA’s who gave us feedback during our presentation rehearsal.Upon returning to the US, I quickly found a part-time remote position working for a startup that’s basing their SAAS product on Rails and AngularJS, and am currently negotiating with several contacts at local companies for a full time position. As of writing this review, it’s been about 80 days since the program ended.To add to that, I made some great friends and acquaintances during our extracurricular activities (hiking Montserrat, going out for drinks, getting daily lunches). My classmates were the type of people that like to get things done: intelligent, personable, mature. I truly enjoyed having the classmates I did.**Would I do It Again?**If they make a Le Wagon On Steroids for teaching another new technology? Absolutely.Read Less",le-wagon
"I took part of Le Wagon boot camp Paris batch #59 in the scope of my entrepreneurship major at HEC Paris. Joining Le Wagon was the best decision I made during the year. The program allows you to develop:- A solid basis in coding, ruby on rails, html,... Read More CSS, Javascript, SQL…- An overview of product management- A strong network of web developers extremely united and helpful for future projectsWanting to launch my startup right after graduation my goal at Le Wagon was to learn how to work with a technical team and develop a prototype that I could show to potential investors. Thanks to Le Wagon it is mission accomplished, we are now incubated at Station F.At Le Wagon, the program is built in a learn by doing format that promotes team work. Each day you start with a one and a half hours’ class then immediately put in practice your learnings by solving exercises with a class mate. This helps build strong bonds with your colleagues and learn how to code within a team which is key to succeed in future web development jobs. The culmination of the program is coding your own prototype within a team of 4 people. The experience is amazing because it gives you a taste of product management and the role of a CTO within a technical team.If you are looking to enrol in a coding boot camp don’t base your decision only on the languages you want to learn. There are tons of tutorials out there to learn whatever you want. What is important, in my opinion, is the boot camp’s teaching culture and the tools and network they provide you with to successfully accomplish your goals when you leave the camp. I highly encourage anybody considering joining Le Wagon as it is an experience that will continue to give you benefits even after the 9 week classes.Read Less",le-wagon
"I took part in Le Wagon’s Fullstack Bootcamp as a member of the Batch #48 in Paris between January and March 2017. When I joined Le Wagon, I was taking a second gap year during my Master in Management in Paris, after having worked for a year and a half... Read More in Finance, Business Development in a Tech start-up and Venture Capital. Throughout my experiences, it quickly appeared obvious to me that if I wanted to specialize in Entrepreneurship (which I did), coding was not an option but an obligation. I had heard about Le Wagon from a friend of a friend about a year before, and as the idea of learning how to code was growing in my mind, I soon realized that the duration (2 months of intensive courses) as well as the program (fullstack bootcamp) perfectly fitted my needs. I contacted several Alumni, all very helpful, who comforted me in my decision to apply to Le Wagon.And here I was, on January 2nd 2017, at the 16 Villa Gaudelet in Paris, discovering the 39 other students of all ages and professional backgrounds I would spend the two following months with…You’ll see, studying at Le Wagon is rather demanding, as you will have to be perfectly focused during the morning classes if you want to understand and do the exercises successfully in the afternoon with your Buddy of the Day – especially during the first three weeks of the Bootcamp. But don’t be afraid: learning a new language following Le Wagon’s way is probably the best way to do it! Indeed, as the weeks pass on and your work assiduity stays the same, you really get stimulated by this feeling of gaining new skills every day, thanks both to the Teachers and the Teaching Assistants who are always monitoring your work and helping you when needed.On a broader perspective, at Le Wagon, not only do you learn how to code, but it’s also a way to :* get to meet amazing people, both alumni and fellow students, * discover more about the start-up ecosystem through the events hosted at Le Wagon, * and realize that as a student, you can indeed produce technically high-quality projects after only 9 weeks of coding (the last two weeks of the Bootcamp being dedicated to personal projects by groups of 3 to 4). I probably wrote too much already, but I could follow on like this for a long time in order to convince all of you that **learning how to code is probably the best decision you’ll ever make (at least it was for me), as it will open up amazing job opportunities for you,** and there is definitely no better place than Le Wagon to do it !Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I had just graduated with a double major in Psychology and Sociology and a minor in Health Promotion. I knew I wanted to be able to work anywhere for a good wage so I looked into other fields of study. After doing a lot of research, becoming... Read More a coder/software engineer seemed like the best option. I quickly contacted Le Wagon and they accepted me for batch 49-Lisbon. Just a month after graduating, I was in a room full of creative, like-minded, intelligent individuals 9-7 Monday-Friday for 9 weeks. Through the weeks we all became like a family and pushed through the hard times of the program together as a team. The coursework sometimes seemed impossible but as I pushed through, I looked back and thought, wow that was not that hard! I feel like Le Wagon taught me how to immerse myself into a new study and now it has been very easy to work and teach myself new programming languages as needed. Right now I am working with PHP, Ruby on Rails and for fun, teaching myself game development with C#. I never thought I would be a programmer and now I am loving it! Thanks Le Wagon for helping set up that foundation towards growth and continuous learning of programming.Read Less",le-wagon
"As a CEO of my start-up, I always have to face technical challenges. After a few researches, I discover Le Wagon that supplies the perfect technical bootcamp. 9 weeks to become full-stack developper with a focus on technologies commonly used by startups.... Read MoreMy experience at Le Wagon Montréal (https://www.lewagon.com/montreal) was really amazing. On the one hand, it offers intense classes and challenges that allow you to understand clearly front end and back end web development. On the other hand, you share with other students from all over the world the same goal during 9 weeks; it is like a second family. In my batch #63 there were students from the US, UK, Belgium, France and of course Québec !I highly recommend to join Le Wagon; the bootcamp could open many doors in your career path. It has been one of the most exciting experience in my life !Read Less",le-wagon
"I did LeWagon Lisbon Batch #49 in January-March 2017.November 2016. I just turned 27, I was broke like a millennial online-entrepreneur and Trump was president of the USA.""What am I doing with my life?"" The existential crisis kicked in. I was too broke... Read More to get drunk, not bored enough to watch cat videos on youtube to distract myself from myself. The usual solutions would not work this time. I had to use my brain and come up with a long-lasting solution.What is the #1 advice for millennials? Learn to code.I decided to do at least one safe move in my life: go to Lisbon and learn to code at LeWagon.Turned out it was the best decision I've made for a long time!4 months later I was standing on a stage pitching a web app we've created with 2 other LeWagon students. I've learned in 2 months how to code and I've learned in 2 months more about myself than during the last years of my life.Doing LeWagon is f***ing epic. It's far more than just learning to code! It's a real human experience with incredible people. Spending 10 hours a day together in the same struggle and the same Friday nights drinking the same beer is the best way to create a strong group. That part of LeWagon was the number 1 value to me (not the beer, the strong group).Some people would say ""it's possible to learn alone how to code! You don't need a bootcamp"" And they are right. But I prefer have an incredible experience during 2 intensive months with great teachers and awesome teammates.Doing LeWagon is fail-proof. Don't think Udemy or CodeCademy are alternatives to real Bootcamp. It's really hard to discipline yourself to learn to code and most people take too much time to learn. It's hard but nobody wanted to give up, because the days you hate code you still come for people and patient teachers, and you end up loving code again.Don't think code is not for you. Code is a tool anyone can use and learn.People around me told me that I wouldn't like code. Because I'm more of a dreamer and a creative who doesn't pay attention to details and doesn't really like to follow the rules. Anyone can learn and love code in different manners. Creatives love the possibilities it offers, entrepreneurs love the scalability and opportunities it gives you access to, meticulous people love spending time on their code and making a great craft, hardcore brains love the challenge and rewards it gives.After LeWagon I kept working online. But now I can create a prototype of any of my ideas quickly and outsource code knowing what's going on. I know I can create anything or learn any new language/technology if I put enough time on it.So if you're young, full of ideas and want to make the best investment in time, energy and money of your career. Do Le Wagon. If you don't learn to code, a robot will take your job and a programmer will take your girlfriend. Learn to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have a background in Graphic Design, working with front end for two years when I decided to do a programing bootcamp. I had a few ideas of web apps I’d like to develop myself and although the online tutorials were slowly helping me understand programing,... Read More I felt like I was a long way from creating something myself, so I decided to take a programing bootcamp.Searching for a bootcamp that matched my needs was a bit overwhelming, there are many options out there, but I felt like Le Wagon had the most complete curriculum of all the other bootcamps I encountered.From the many bootcamp options I saw back home in the US, I chose Le Wagon Lisbon and honestly couldn’t have been more satisfied with the experience.The program was fast paced, they covered many technologies in only 9 weeks, sometimes it was hard to process so much information, especially for me who considered myself a beginner, but I trusted the curriculum and the feedback from the teachers and it paid off at the end. I look back now and see how much I’ve learned and how much I’ve accomplished in only 9 weeks, it’s incredible. I now feel much more confident to start my own web apps and most importantly, I feel like I can learn any coding languages using the process I learned from Le Wagon.The other aspect of the program, that I had never expected before starting, was the connection with the other students, TAs, teachers and the driver - I immediately felt at home with them. Today I can say I am part of a strong community of developers and have true friends around the world, people I will always see as inspiration to continue coding and building products.As far as the location… Lisbon is just AWESOME! When we were not coding, we were out having fun, experiencing the city’s amazing gastronomic scene, visiting historic places, museums, castles, surfing and enjoying the beautiful city. It couldn’t have been better.Le Wagon was an intensive 9 week experience (emphasis on the last two weeks, when we developed our final project), filled with knowledge, new experiences, challenges and new opportunities. I have returned home with a strong foundation to start a new stage of my life and look forward to being part of the Le Wagon alumni community!Read Less",le-wagon
"LeWagon is a very intense and comprehensive learning experience, I didn't expect to achieve so much in a so short period. It is an amazing experience for everyone whishing to become a developer, an PM, an entrepreneur or even just interested in CS technology!!!... Read MoreRead Less",le-wagon
"I just graduated from a Business School with a Master of Science in Digital Marketing. During my internships, I had the opportunity to work on various digital projects, however, I was always frustrated not to work on the technical aspects of these projects,... Read More and not to be able to correctly understand how developers work. After meeting a former schoolmate who also did Le Wagon, I thought about it and decided to dedicate 9 weeks to learn how to code. As a ""marketing specialist"", I think it was a strong asset to combine it with technical knowledge for my future career. Moreover, coding always intrigued me and it was the perfect opportunity to learn it, because it is quite hard to do it by ourselves. So I joined Le Wagon in January 2017 as member of Paris Batch #59. These 9 weeks are very intense, but I learnt so many things! Thanks to Le Wagon, I have been able to understand what is coding, to discover several languages, how a program is set up, how to make it work, and, eventually, how to think as a developer. The team is very motivating, the atmosphere is dynamic, and I strongly recommand Le Wagon if you are curious and interested about learning how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was part of Le Wagon Batch #59 in Paris - which ended in March 2017. I was nothing close to coding or tech...  I first majored in English Literature, then switched to Human Resources. I worked 7years in an international company but realized I wanted... Read More to use my skills to help people rather than help a company.My first drive to learn about coding came from the frustration I experienced in one of my assignments in my previous job: I was part of a project to implement an information system to facilitate human resources management - and I got to see how HR people and developers could hardly understand each other… which put the whole project at risk.Add to this that data-driven technology can also be a blessing for people outside their job to define their own career paths without having to rely on HR people within the company they belong to. I wanted to know more about coding in order to be able to bring to people this kind of tool to redesign their worklife.In retrospect, I like to see Le Wagon bootcamp as a big Lego challenge:- in the first 6 weeks, you learn about all the different bricks that you can use, what you can do with each of them and how to put them together. During this phase, you’re deep in code but the philosophy is really to get support to understand how the bricks work: you’re surrounded with teachers, teaching assistants whom you can call when you are lost. You learn to develop the right reflex to work on your own. And part of the success of this bootcamp comes from the perfect balance between theory (just what you need to understand the big picture) and practice (gradual challenges throughout the day and the course) - I've seen a lot of training programs in my previous jobs but none were close to matching Le Wagon's in getting you to really acquire skills that quickly. - then in the last 3 weeks, you use all the bricks you have learnt about to build real projects, working in a team. The outtake of this part of the bootcamp is even greater as you’re coding for real, not in a sandbox, with all the constraints you will encounter in any job (time-induced stress, teamwork, communication, etc), till the final presentation during the Demo Day. Not only you get to learn code, you also learn how to start a project by defining it clearly, pitching it and marketing it - a very valuable skill when you’re aiming at launching your startup.And of course, Le Wagon wouldn’t have been the same without the people who support us throughout the bootcamp: students who come from different horizons, but also teachers, teaching assistants, Le Wagon staff, alumni… When you start the bootcamp, you’re in for 9 weeks of spending a lot of time with amazing and passionate people - and that’s a very energizing experience.Right now, I’m working on my project, using the skills I gained in the bootcamp to develop a website to present my project, get people to book and pay online. This helps me consolidate what I have learnt during the bootcamp, while gaining new skills and giving me the opportunity to work with even more autonomy!To put it in a nutshell, doing Le Wagon was definitely one of the best decision I've made! It has opened new perspectives for me - as it will for you !, by bringing me new valuable skills and creating lasting bounds with people among the very supportive community of Le Wagon alumni.Read Less",le-wagon
"My background lies in sales where I first came in contact with a group of programmers in Malaysia. I was fascinated to see how a dedicated team of programmers, testers and designers were able to create a tech solution that helped companies engage with... Read More their target audience. The idea to work in a team and create a custom made solutions from scratch appealed greatly to me. Choosing Le Wagon as the place to learn how to code turned out to be a great decision.The bootcamp is well organised by people that truly care about their students and teachers. The teaching material is phenomenal, they basically succeeded in creating a summary of the internet on how to code in Ruby, Ruby on Rails, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, jQuery and much more. There is a structured approach for every module, day and exercise. Everyday you team up with one of your fellow students which creates great teamspirit and group dynamics but also improves your learning curve.The teachers are absolute specialists in their field of work and share a enthusiasm in teaching. They help you to think like a developer and look for solutions in the online documentation rather then just giving you the answers. In the final weeks of the Bootcamp you will team up in groups of three to build a web app from the ground up. This team effort is, in my opinion, one of the most important learning experience. You will have to apply most of your knowledge and work together by dividing tasks and merging changes online using Github. Finally, the community of alumni’s, teachers and students is truly remarkable. On the different Slack channels people share interesting articles, job opportunities, and you can ask for help with any specific problem in the #help channel. Also there are plenty of meetups where you can stay up to date on any new developments in the field of tech and also social events like wall climbing. Whether you want to become a developer, build your own product or any other reason, I would highly recommend to join Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"A look back at my experience at Le Wagon.I joined Le Wagon in October 2016. Before that, I had a rather traditional background. I studied marketing in a business school then had a bunch of internships/part-time/full-time positions in the food industry.... Read More What was the trigger for me? Well, I met an alumni from Le Wagon during a Startup Weekend and we discussed about the lack of developers and my desire to be able to build my own projects without depending on ""the technical guy"". Following this discussion, I went to an evening talk at Le Wagon Paris office which just validated my choice of joining the program. Being stressed by nature :slightly_smiling_face: I anticipated a bit. I send a mail to Le Wagon in April, I ran the interview and had finished the ruby preparation track by May. All the lights were green, I patiently waited for the bootcamp to start and quit my job.On 9th October, I started this crazy 9-week journey into code. Being back to school, I was a bit worried on the new things I would have to learn (I have never been a Maths person). The days were dense, very dense, but time was flying as we were learning new stuff and discovering the fascinating world of programming coding 10 jours every day. The quality of teaching and the teaching material itself are amazing, and made me keep my feet on the ground. We practiced lots of Ruby of course, but also HTML/CSS/Bootstrap, JS/jQuery, learnt how to integrate various API, and finished with 4 weeks using the awesome Rails framework.People in my batch were great. Every day I was discovering someone new thanks to Le Wagon's ""buddy system"", forcing us to pair program. And besides the cold winter, we were often motivated to have a dink (maybe several!) after a challenging day of code. We organised a diner, a Christmas evening, and most importantly we helped each other every day! No one was left behind! Everyone in my batch had a different background: business school, musician, students in literature, engineers, truck driver! I hope Le Wagon will continue to mix profiles like this as it is one of the biggest strengths of the program in my opinion.I came full of ambition, I wanted to build social networking website for sharing prayers. It was a bit unusual as a bootcamp's project but I managed to find 2 partners to code it for the last 2 weeks of the program. A great success, a kind of a condensed entrepreneurial adventure. You eat and sleep with your project in mind, you remain on slack to chat with your partners all day and night, you tend to get stressed, you argue, you celebrate when you implement a new feature, you cheer each other up until the final pitch! To sum up, I loved these 9 weeks, and especially the last two when everybody fully realized all the work that had been done the previous weeks.While looking back at this experience, I don't have any regrets making this decision at all and I'll advice anybody wanting to learn coding to do the same.What's next for me? As for now, I am launching a freelancing career in parallel with preparing the launch of Bless Me.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon was hands down one of the best experiences and investments I’ve made. Prior to Le Wagon I was working as a business analyst at a financial company. I worked with software engineers every day and I was interested in how software development is... Read More done but didn’t have the technical know-how. This inspired me to get more technical and kick start my career as a software developer. The course absolutely surpassed all expectations I had. I feel it gave me very applicable skills and 9 weeks later I know how to build an application end to end. In addition to gaining all these skills I also got to meet a great community of entrepreneurial and fun people. The week after bootcamp I was invited to interview at 3 companies for junior software developer positions. If you’re keen to kick start your career in software development, can’t recommend Le Wagon highly enough!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Archie Gilbert and I attended Le Wagon’s coding bootcamp in London from January to March 2017.I’ve always been interested in technology and have wanted to study it ever since I was a kid, but school just wasn’t teaching me what I wanted to... Read More learn so I left when I was 18.I looked into some coding bootcamps and Le Wagon was clearly leading the game with the best reviews, highest ratings, most interesting alumni projects.So I started in London in January 2017 and I learnt more technical skills in the space of 2 weeks than I did in my entirety of formal education! Even my friends who decided to go to university can’t compete with the scale of things I can now create.Le wagon has kickstarted my career and I even got my first project by meeting their alumni! Joining Le Wagon was the best decision I’ve made in a long time and I still miss going there every day and being in the environment of constant learning.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I spent about a year doing various online courses to try to learn how to code. They taught me the basics of HTML, CSS, JS and some other areas of programming but I couldn’t build anything completely from scratch and couldn’t tie together... Read More what I knew with any degree of confidence.Le Wagon’s bootcamp was exactly what I needed. It took the bits and pieces I already knew, filled in the gaps and amalgamated all of this knowledge so I now have a much better understanding of the bigger picture of web development and programming in general. The teachers were fantastic and I studied alongside some wonderful people who I still keep in touch with. The pace of the course is fast and it makes for a very intense 9 weeks but you learn so much every day and the structure of the day ensures you get time to practise extensively and then digest and consolidate everything with evening live code sessions.I’m currently working as a junior web developer and finally feel as though I have the skills (not to mention resources!) to build web applications in Ruby on Rails and build on the solid foundation that the bootcamp provided me with. Highly recommend to anyone that wants to learn to code!Read Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon I studied Finance in college and accumulated several work experiences but I've always been convinced that technologies shape the future of all industries. Also, I had a strong interest in computer related stuff and was kind of... Read More a geek. This partly explains why, after I graduated, I felt the need to gain real knowledge in the programming field. Also, I’ve always been impressed by people who were able to « talk to » computers and was kind of frustrated I couldn’t understand a damn thing when listening to them. I was eager to learn but couldn’t afford to spend several years in college again. This led me to investigate in all the possibilities which were open to me. After quite some time spent reading articles and comments I knew I wanted to enroll in a bootcamp… The only thing left was finding which one was the right fit for me. As I kept reading, I learnt more about the different technologies and began to be interested in ruby since, at the time, someone told me that my favorite website (airbnb) had been built with ruby on rails. This is how I enrolled at Le Wagon after I saw that the bootcamp had great reviews on several sites.Now, more on the content of this bootcamp. I had a great time there and learnt a lot in a very short amount of time. The environment is very stimulating since you are gathered for 9 weeks with brilliant people with very diverse background which contributes to make the experience even better. The curriculum is rock solid and taught by teacher who « know their stuff » to say the least. The approach is very well built since it starts with core programming courses during the first 3 weeks aiming at allowing you to be able to solve problems building algorithms from scratch with ruby.After this first block, you start learning technologies related to the front-end side of websites, which is the part of the program that the most creative people usually prefer.Once these two first blocks completed it’s time to link everything together. This is when you start learning rails (i.e. ruby’s most popular web framework) and experimenting the construction and deployment of websites with an actual back-end.The whole curriculum is really hands on because, let’s face it, if you want to learn programming it really is the only way. The last 3 weeks of the program are dedicated to coding in teams on projects. This is when you start relying heavily on github and understanding the prime importance of versioning your code. A week is dedicated to the construction and deployment of an airbnb clone which can be anything you want as long as it is a marketplace or something related. For the record, my team and I developed a dating website. Then, the last two weeks are dedicated to an entrepreneurial project brought by the students themselves. In fact, during the program, a day is dedicated to students’ pitches. During this day, students who have a personal project can pitch it in front of the rest of the class. After this session, following their interest, people gather in groups of 4 or 5 to develop this idea. At the end of the 9 weeks, the demo day takes place. Every group presents its project in front of physical and virtual (the demo is live streamed) spectators. A truly enjoyable moment :)The last 3 weeks of the program were the ones where I learnt the most since you have to use each and every technology you learnt and practiced in the previous weeks.I am really satisfied with my experience and would recommend anyone who is hesitating to enroll.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I decided to change my career, I quickly realised that I needed to acquire new skills in a fast way, so no university, no Masters, no Bachelors. After benchmarking several Coding Schools, Le Wagon seemed to the best choice based on countless reviews,... Read More curriculum, price, duration and staff, and I was correct!When I started my coding journey at Le Wagon, I brought with me some tech skills that I acquired during my BSc in Computer Science and during my previous job as an IT Consultant. I've learned so much over the course of 9 weeks, even though I had some prior knowledge before the bootcamp. Le Wagon offers a well structured curriculum, starting from the very beginning and building up to more complex topics and finally allowing you to build complete apps. Each module is taught by teachers who have the perfect knowledge of the material covered during these modules and who know the market.During the bootcamp I've noticed that Le Wagon connected us to the tech industry through inviting companies, visiting tech events and tech job fairs and by providing and sharing job opportunities. The value of the bootcamp is very present, at least in Amsterdam, because companies there have a great acceptance of the bootcamp. For example, I found a job as a junior Ruby on Rails developer, during the last weeks of the bootcamp, when I was working on my final project.Le Wagon's does not only teach the programming skills but also implements a business view throughout the entire program, by the end of the course, everyone is able to understand the value of an idea, design and implement it, using cutting-edge technologies and frameworks.Each person who is part of this course must be aware that they will belong to a community among entrepreneurs and developers. After the bootcamp they are all part of the global Le Wagon alumni family. If you are the type of person that, want to learn cutting-edge technologies, understand the business behind an idea, be part of a tech community, build your own applications and want to maintain a close relationship with tech companies then I would highly recommend to join Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I used to work as a structural engineer but I was not satisfied with the day to day challenges and the work I had to do. I wanted to join a startup with a more young, dynamic environment but I didn't have any transferable skills. A friend of mine suggested... Read More I joined le wagon.My experience at le wagon has been very positive. Not only because of the actual course and how in 7 weeks I had learned enough to code my final product in 2 weeks but also because of the community at le wagon and the network it has created for my professional career.I am now looking for a job as a web developer and in only one week of finishing le wagon I have been getting multiple responses from various startups to set up interviews and discuss how I would fit in their team.If you want an intensive course that will open many doors in the start up industry or web development world and have no prior coding knowledge I would definitely recommend joining le wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Theodore, I am French, 29 years old. Born and raised in Paris, I studied Business and Finance at McGill University (Montreal) for 4 years and then a master “Grande Ecole” at EM Lyon (Lyon and Shanghai).Right after this, I started straight in... Read More market finance as an equity derivatives and structured products sales at BNP Paribas for three years. First in Paris, then NY and finally London. Although these were very fun years of my life, I was introduced to the great world of tech and startups in NY and got very passionate about it. Along with the realization that finance is not what it used to be, I felt the urge to do something more creative with my life…Hence, with two friends of mine, and with little tech knowledge, we decided to quit our jobs and create our first startup (a social marketplace for home services called Hively). That went on for 8 months until strenuous disagreement on entrepreneurial style and vision led us to part ways. So it’s a pretty classic startup story with all the lessons that come with it: 1. Starting a business with friends is hard. 2. Having little tech knowledge is not an advantage. 3. Paying a dev agency to build your mvp is both expensive and inefficient.A friend of mine and LeWagon alumni was often telling me about coding bootcamps and I felt the urge to jump into coding. First to get a general understanding of code and second to be able to build the mvp of my next startups by myself. So in Jan 2017, I started LeWagon in London. Boy what a ride. I truly loved that intense experience. I met great people, found out that code does not burn and is actually really cool. If you think (like me) that Excel is fun, wait until you start code. It’s Excel fun x10. Last two weeks at LeWagon, we worked on a idea of mine which is to build a premium livestreaming platform for influencers. We had a lot of fun and we still do because we (4 LeWagon classmates and myself) are working on it now and we should be able to launch it pretty soon. It’s called Socialive TV - Curated and interactive livestreams, hope you like it!That’s it from me, I think everyone should learn to code and LeWagon is a great place to start. The community is great so if I were you, I would not hesitate. Personally, LeWagon was the best decision I made in a long time.Cheers,TheoRead Less",le-wagon
"I was looking to change my career from sales to being a web developer, so I did a lot of searching on the web. I saw Le Wagon has five stars so I contacted them and they invited me to their demo day in December 2016.I was surprised how amazing their presentations... Read More and products were. I had a word with a few of the students and most of them didn't know how to code before they join Le Wagon and that’s what made me so comfortable joining the bootcamp.They do tell you that the first weeks you really need to stay focused. So I did, and I can’t believe that 9 weeks later I was presenting and launching my own product, Desk Joy, in front of a crowed at Google Campus. It was an amazing experience and now I have a strong foundation to move forward as a developer or to build my own products.Read Less",le-wagon
"As most business students I faced the importance of tech during my first working experiences. Le Wagon provided me an intense, meaningful, hard and super useful experience. Following the program in Brazil was super exciting as we discovered how big is... Read More the potential for tech projects in this country and got to make useful connections there. My end of studies partners are now my associates and we are trying to convert our project into a profitable company. To sum it up: it’s hard, intense and life-changing.Read Less",le-wagon
"I always knew I was interested in becoming a Web Developer but I was doing a non-technical degree at university and wasn't sure I would find work as a developer afterwards. (I studied French). I was teaching English abroad and when I was asked to teach... Read More a Technology course I realised I was a lot more interested in coding than most of my students...this was when I seriously started looking at becoming a dev.I ended up picking Le Wagon for a couple of reasons - the reviews were pretty unanimous that it was a great place to study, and it was also only 9-weeks long and I wanted to get working ASAP so I didn't mind signing up to something pretty intensive.It was definitely more than 'pretty' intensive but I had the most amazing time doing it. I'd already done a fair bit of HTML/CSS before the course but it feels ridiculously insignificant after an intensive week of JavaScript lessons! They also teach you to code properly --what to avoid/best practices-- which I'm so grateful for in hindsight. It's more than just knowing how to code, but also how to deploy an app from scratch along with a ton of other really useful lessons.A lot of people said the first couple of weeks were very tough and they were right, but IT'S SO WORTH IT. Le Wagon is definitely a 'work hard/play hard' kind of place. The teachers were all amazing and they went above and beyond when we got stuck. (Especially in the last two weeks of project deadlines!) It doesn't stop when you leave, either. Everyone is so happy to help with issues post-course and there's a brill alumni network. I loved learning to code in Ruby, but when we got to the frontend, I completely fell in love and had my fingers crossed for a great job as a front-end dev (which I found just a couple of weeks later).Taking Le Wagon has quite literally changed my life - I'm doing what I've always wanted to do.Read Less",le-wagon
"I had been wanting to learn coding for a while before enrolling to Le Wagon. I started learning with some online services but was not convinced. After benchmarking several bootcamps in both US and Europe, it seemed Le Wagon gave the best value for money.... Read MoreI didn’t regret one second joining them. The pedagogy - focused on practice - is extremely innovative. The courses are very well structured and engaging. The teachers are clear, professional and friendly. The technologies and methodologies you learn are what companies are using.By the end of the bootcamp, everyone is able to build their own app, and more importantly has the right basics to be able to keep learning new languages, frameworks and technologies.Last but not least, you become part of a community of entrepreneurs and developers which will be there to support you in your future challenges.Whether you want to become a developer, build your own product, be able to better talk to the tech guys in your company or are just curious about coding, I would highly recommend to join Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ll give you some life context so that you can understand how Le Wagon legitimately changed mine. I left university midway through my degree in History and German. I didn’t feel that I was getting enough value to make the investment sensible. I was there... Read More because of ambition. I want to have a good career in a job that I enjoy. I went to an academic school in London and was taught that university was the only way forward after 18. To not go would be to forfeit my right to a successful future; to stagnate. Keep paddling, don’t rest, you’ll make it.I was on holiday in Lisbon, staying in a house share. Sitting at the kitchen table I saw fluorescent text tapping along a dark laptop screen. Coding, just like in the movies. It still excites me when I open up my laptop and see the arcane looking terminal and text-editor in which I do most of my work. I asked the guy operating the laptop how I might be able to sneak into his mystical world. He asked what I was studying. History I said. Well then, a coding bootcamp he said. And that’s when I found Le Wagon. Googling away and trying to find the best bootcamp in Europe. I hit gold, but I didn’t know it at the time. I applied, I got a place and I left university. I didn’t make my decision lightly and I was worried that Le Wagon wouldn’t live up to my hopes and dreams. That I wouldn’t like coding. The first three weeks are hard but immensely rewarding. At 9am the 90 minute lecture starts and one of Le Wagon’s great teachers guides you through a new concept. You have to concentrate. Every syllable is important to your understanding. You then split off into randomly assigned pairs and work through coding exercises until 5:30pm. This is where your brain strains as it shifts and develops new methods of function. You’ll get tired, you’ll sit in total frustration, you’ll feel brilliant. From 5:30pm-7:00pm a student will go in front of the class and try to solve a coding problem. Don’t worry if the thought of this intimidates you, it does most, but you won’t be alone up there, the class will work with you. On this course you learn hard skills. Through 400+ hours of coding you are born into the world of technology and what an awesome world it is. The next 4 weeks are also difficult but there is a shift in what is learned. It becomes much more visual, and your first three weeks come together to make sense. You really have to trust the process. Often times you might think, why are we learning this? It’s because Le Wagon is responsible. They don’t give you a whistle-stop, skim read, superficial introduction to coding. They dig the foundations deep to steady you for a whole future of explosive growth. The last 2 weeks are spent working on your final project in teams of 3-4. This is the stuff I love, creating something from nothing. Once again it’s hard but by this point you trust in your ability to make your vision a tech reality. I worked with a fantastic team to build a livestreaming platform (socialive.tv). We’re planning to launch soon!Le Wagon is up amongst the best things that I’ve ever done. I feel like I have a superpower, but like any good hero/heroine I’ve got to keep growing, learning, and adapting. That’s the world of technology and that’s what Le Wagon teaches you.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before knowing Le Wagon I was working at Ladbrokes (gaming industry) on offering customers new products. Obviously, every new product release had to come from the IT department and from developers. But daily meetings with them wasn't easy as computer... Read More science was hard for me to understand. Therefore, for a given product I had no idea of the necessary workload and I had no credibility among external providers. My frustration was at its height…Then, some friends told me about Le Wagon and its fast track coding course ending with a real product release. It was a good opportunity to learn quickly and in a structured way the art of coding. Besides, my colleagues and I had an idea for a new mobile game. This could be the perfect spot to build a prototype and to test its potential. For the first 9 weeks of 2017 I joined Le Wagon's London bootcamp and started to learn coding. It was not an easy course, everything was new. Teachers however knew they had newbies in the classroom; their pedagogy consisted of every day short theory lessons and many exercises. Coding was fun and every day was perceived as an achievement! Once the bootcamp was finished, I came back to Ladbrokes with a prototyped game and I also joined the IT department! I am now fully working on the development of the game, from defining its strategy to daily discussions with developers. I have gained confidence in computer science expertise and in every day discussions with the IT department.One thing is certain; le Wagon is an incredible experience and brings you much more than only coding skills!Before knowing Le Wagon I was working at Ladbrokes (gaming industry) on offering customers new products. Obviously, every new product release had to come from the IT department and from developers. But daily meetings with them wasn't easy as computer science was hard for me to understand. Therefore, for a given product I had no idea of the necessary workload and I had no credibility among external providers. My frustration was at its height…Then, some friends told me about Le Wagon and its fast track coding course ending with a real product release. It was a good opportunity to learn quickly and in a structured way the art of coding. Besides, my colleagues and I had an idea for a new mobile game. This could be the perfect spot to build a prototype and to test its potential. For the first 9 weeks of 2017 I joined Le Wagon's London bootcamp and started to learn coding. It was not an easy course, everything was new. Teachers however knew they had newbies in the classroom; their pedagogy consisted of every day short theory lessons and many exercises. Coding was fun and every day was perceived as an achievement! Once the bootcamp was finished, I came back to Ladbrokes with a prototyped game and I also joined the IT department! I am now fully working on the development of the game, from defining its strategy to daily discussions with developers. I have gained confidence in computer science expertise and in every day discussions with the IT department.One thing is certain; le Wagon is an incredible experience and brings you much more than only coding skills!Read Less",le-wagon
"'Change your life, learn to code'. This may just sound as a good marketing tagline, but if you give yourself the means to achieve this goal, Le Wagon will come up above your expectations.At the very beginning of my studies, I started to think about launching... Read More my own startup one day. For the past few years, the will to create something and be an entrepreneur has only grown in my mind. This idea kept flourishing when I was studying mathematics at Dauphine and then corporate finance and banking at EDHEC business school. I was lucky to work on an amazing music project « Get The Sound » with a great team, launching a broadcast channel and later on a music label.I realized the end on my studies would be the right time to take a chance and start my company, but I was missing three important things: the team, the skills, the mindset. I got the right mindset by myself through reading, meetups, programs such as « Lion » by TheFamily. This is how I heard about Le Wagon, and I was convinced it was exactly what I needed for the next steps. Starting in January 2017, it has been a life changing experience to me: not only Le Wagon kept its promises to bring me valuable technical skills to be able to make my ideas come true, but it was also a great human experience where I got to meet amazing people gathering from all horizons. Le Wagon gave me the tools to be able to learn by myself and to continue to move forward. It also provided me a great startup network, and a killer team. I am now launching my batch project, The Good Gift, with two friends met at Le Wagon: Alexandre and François. Besides, I am coding a website for Get The Sound, and I will be Teaching Assistant for the next batch. On a day to day basis, I can also benefit from the hyperactive Le Wagon's community. So if you're ready to change your life and work hard to achieve your goals, go for it. Once you're on board, Le Wagon won't stop taking you further…Read Less",le-wagon
"After 6 years working in engineering, in the railway industry (first doing a technical job, then a management-oriented job), I decided to move to a different environment (a bit tired of the big structures in which nothing evolves at the pace you want).... Read More I could either switch company to get a nice raise, or attempt something completely different : go freelance into web development, and that is what Le Wagon offered me : 9 weeks to become a fullstack ruby on rails developer. I couldn't really believe it, but i decided to see for myself so I went to a startup launching party (LOKORA) in Le Wagon Paris and I had a good impression talking to people and drinking mojitos. Looking online, I also had a good impression, so I jumped right in. Along with a really friendly ambiance, the program started intensely with its backend challenges (which I LOVED). It really consumes some brain power to conceive algorithms to convert ROMAN Numbers to Arabic and Vice-Versa when not used to. One thing I also really enjoyed was the scrapping/parsing course : I felt like I was given such a powerful weapon but so easy to use. An important part of the pedagogic system was the black box testing : each exercise you had to do was automatically corrected by a testing robot, which ensures that you got it right and if you don't, it tells you why and what's wrong. This thing even makes sure your coding style is good :smile: Exercises were so intense that twice a week, we had Claire teaching us Yoga : this thing is AWESOME and enables you to focus again and get your exercises done. The front-end teaching was good, but I was clearly not gifted for this. The project part (last two weeks) was awesome – very stimulating, and really taught us how to work in teams using GitHub, which is really valuable when you apply for a job. There is also this good atmosphere that you get surrounded with because all the staff is always FRIENDLY and INVOLVED. Weekly events are often organized with talks (they have an important person coming and telling you about his/her experience) – and GOOD beer (not the cheap one). One thing that I can also point out is that most of the people that attend Le Wagon do not exactly know what they are going to do after, but whatever they will be doing, they know this training is worth it. When I got out of le wagon, I found a first client quite easily and worked 3 months (a startup in advertising) : I improved so much that I decided to build projects on my own for companies that did not have a CTO (ex : I am currently negotiating with a real estate company to sell them a custom tailored CRM ), I even do some marketing emails campaigns with MailChimp (which is a fun thing to learn if you don't do that everyday). All this to say that I was over-satisfied with my Le Wagon training, even suprised how easy it was to change a career and head towards entrepreneurship.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from a business school 4 years ago with the impression to have learned little and regretted not learning enough skills useful for the startup world. I wanted to learn a programming language but I needed to find a job and wasn’t sure I wanted... Read More to start over studying. Today I just finished batch 51 of Le Wagon in Bordeaux in France and if I could go back in time I would scream at my recently graduated self “GO DO LE WAGON!!!” I learned to learn how to code. The program is well built to teach you the foundations of web programming with custom tools developed by the team. I also greatly appreciated the immersive experience in the life of a web developer which is a huge asset even if you never code again. But most of all, the teachers are all former students of Le Wagon which makes them the best help because they know exactly what you are going through.Now I am back working on my startup idea with all the skills I need and a big network of alumnis.Hugo from batch 51 (early 2017) of Le Wagon in BordeauxRead Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a business background, I was missing a creative dimension in my investment banking career. So I decided to take a year off from my MBA and learn to code with the objective to move to a tech role after graduation.That's when Le Wagon came into... Read More my life and allowed me to make a transition towards a more creative career. It was the ideal first step to become an entrepreneur.I loved my time at Le Wagon: the entrepreneurial mindset, the dedication of the staff and the overflowing creativity of my fellow students made these 9 weeks a unique and transformational experience.It is incredible to realize how much you learn and can achieve in 2 months and a half: I became more independent and was able to launch my own venture with friends.Le Wagon not only brings you technical skills but also an essential working framework.Read Less",le-wagon
"After studying graphic design and working for two years as a freelance UI/UX designer in Paris, I decided to join batch #48 because I wanted to be able to develop my own projects, from the first idea to an actual web app. And I was not disappointed!The... Read More pedagogical approach and teaching methods are designed to help the student to learn by himself and become an autonomous web developer, while learning how to work among others as part of a team — physically and online. Moreover, Le Wagon Paris staff is full of very cool and talented persons who care a lot about the welfare of all the people involved in this crazy adventure.After probably the 9 most intense weeks of my life, I was really proud and excited to present the MVP of mnemosyne.io, the project we built during the last 10 days with 3 other students — here is a link if you want to watch it https://youtu.be/gX1ZnS2QYd4?t=7m34s. It’s a platform to share and discover art and design master theses. I’m now working on an alpha private version and hopefully a public beta version at the end of this summer!So if like me, you want to give life to your best ideas, I can only recommend you to apply to Le Wagon FullStack program. I promise you that you won’t regret it ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"I enjoyed a lot my experience at Le Wagon Bordeaux. I was then enrolled as a student in the batch 51. To me, it was a great experience, both humanely and professionally talking.Humanely, it allows me to meet many people from every background and every... Read More age. People, both students and teachers, are for the most talented, enthusiastic, motivated and funny. It makes the atmosphere really cool. Besides, in my opinion, it is definitely a way to learn faster and easier. You really meet great people during Le Wagon. It’s a real human and enriching experience on that matter. Furthermore, you have many opportunities to maintain a relationship with people thanks to very regular meetings (every week) and web tools.Professionally, I think Le Wagon is a real springboard. You get a very effective knowledge. Courses are not bullshit at all. The content is very serious, precise and useful. Whatever is your final objective, become a developer, get more legitimity to web products’ management positions, or launch your business, you won’t regret the journey. Everything is really very well thought out. I mean both the organisation, the courses by themselves but also the philosophy behind. For example, there is a great attention given to collaboration, which is to my view very useful. You also learn to promote and defend your own projects. Thus, there is a real entrepreneurial orientation given to the bootcamp in general, which is obviously very well considered. At the end, you will present your project in front of a great assembly composed by the students, the teachers, but also people from different business.For the two last weeks, you will construct your own final project in a group of three or four. You will be surprised to see all the things you can achieve in only two weeks. It’s really incredible. For my part, I was in a group of four and we built from scratch an entire e-commerce site. The customer journey was effectively working from A to Z with in addition a great design and a great user experience. We were really proud of it and we had a lot of excellent feedback, including some fruitful ones !So, as you may have guess, I definitely recommend Le Wagon. It’s an enriching and very concretely useful experience. Do no longer hesitate !Read Less",le-wagon
"You are a creative individual and you don't have the tech skills to make your ideas real? You feel that your studies, even prestigious, haven't provided you these skills, focusing more on theory than practice? You want to change your life? Don't hesitate... Read More any more, just jump on the band wagon!I made this choice 6 months ago and I don't regret it! After a MSc in Engineering, I spent 5 years in a consulting company before I decided to launch my own startup: ZADL, a service to plan paid events between friends.In order to test this idea, I needed a fully functional MVP, and I didn't want to delegate the development of the product. Sadly, I had no programming skills to handle it on my own. At this time, I heard about Le Wagon from a friend very connected to Paris startup ecosystem. I made my own investigation calling a bunch of alumni! They were all extremely enthusiastic about their experience. I was convinced at this point and I just jumped in. I was part of batch 43 and did the 9-week course from October to December 2016.In only 2 months, we went through all the basic skills a beginner needs in order to build a web application from A to Z. Ruby programming for the backend side, SQL for the database, HTML/CSS and Javascript for the front-end part, and also very useful product design tools like Sketch or Marvelapp. We also learnt how to collaborate within a developers' team using Github, and used Ruby on Rails to speed up our app development and not re-invent the wheel for every new web application. During the 3 last weeks of the programme, we worked on two projects, that we built completely and put in production with Heroku. One of these projects was my startup idea, http://beta.zadl.fr/.In my opinion, Le Wagon made me save nearly 2 years compared to what I would have learnt on my own with online MOOC and tutorials. Le Wagon's program is really intense and requires a 100% commitment. But there is also a very cool atmosphere, with a team of dedicated and passionate teachers and teaching assistants. Besides the ""coding"" part, Le Wagon also connect you to a great community: young grads, artists, engineers who want to switch their careers... We all helped each other during the 9 weeks and some of us really became close friends. After Le Wagon, part of my buddies pursued their entrepreneur's journey, and a lot of them started working as developers, either doing freelance or in full-time positions.To conclude, I would recommend Le Wagon to anyone willing to learn how to build a web application with a very thorough curriculum and an amazing students' community, that be for working on your own project or literally for changing your life!Read Less",le-wagon
"Doing Le wagon Bootcamp and learning how to code during 9weeks was the best decision I have made!I didn't know anything about programming or coding but the Bootcamp program is so well thought and built that you can't fail.It has been very intense, my... Read More brain did a 360°tour! But so efficient! I have met great people, joined a great and active network and gained new skills that allow me, now, to code and develop my website on my own! It opened new perspectives . I sincerely advise anyone who is interested by websites to do it.For more info, here is the link of le wagon Bordeaux https://www.lewagon.com/fr/bordeaux (they are great people!!)Read Less",le-wagon
"Learn to code and change your life! 9 weeks and that’s it, you can call yourself a dev and realize any web app with your two hands? Sounds a bit ambitious but four weeks after finishing the bootcamp (batch#48) I can definitely confirm that this is true!... Read More I have quit a comfortable yet annoying product manager position in the IT industry to jump into a fascinating but risky entrepreneurial adventure in the Travel sector. Le Wagon was a pivot in this adventure and gave me efficient technical skills. Thanks to the content and the quality of the bootcamp, I am developping a MVP on my own. I am about to show it to potential investors. All I need now is to incorporate my company an test my product!Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience at the batch#50 Le Wagon at Rio was amazing! Really a life changing experience. Before the bootcamp I couldn’t find a job and was actually struggling to find something I wanted to do. I’ve learned so much with the Wagoneurs, I feel like... Read More I can do anything right now. I was always interested in technology and what it could do, so I got into Mechanical Engineering school and looked for researches and extracurricular groups. But when I graduated at the beginning of 2016, I saw that most of the opportunities in engineering were on production, following orders and doing a lot of the same thing every day. Nothing in the area interested me much, but I still felt like I needed a job, so I got lost looking for opportunities without any focus. One of those job searches led me to find out about Le Wagon. At first I was a bit skeptical because I didn’t picture myself as a part of the start-up/entrepreneurship world and didn’t know how much they could actually teach me in 9 weeks, but I decided to apply just to learn to code better and hoping I could find a job as a developer afterwards. I am so glad I gave it a shot. I had some programming skills before the bootcamp, but now, after it, I consider myself a web developer. Not only we learned to write HTML, CSS, Javascript, jQuery and Ajax, we also learned how to build software from scratch with a strong and scalable ruby backend using the Rails framework. Something I also consider very important is that now I feel confident enough to look for solutions for whatever problem I may face on-line and adapt to my code, which happens all the time to developers. All of that using Git and Github to contribute with my batch and project buddies. Le Wagon gave me the technical skills with which I can now build any prototype and start-up any idea I have. During my time there I really found myself doing something exciting, with the help of awesome people. It really changed me personally and professionally. I recommend it to anyone who wants to learn to code. This is the place for that and much more.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a student in batch #48 in Paris. Before Le Wagon, I had studied finance, international relations and Islamic studies (quite a mix, I know) and worked as a political researcher, and as a news producer in a international news channel.I joined Le Wagon... Read More because I wanted to set up my own news-related website. I attended the bootcamp while studying towards a master's degree on the side, which I don't recommend, because Le Wagon will need your full attention, and missing even one day in an intensive coding bootcamp can set you back quite much (I ended missing a few days, because of family circumstances, because I got sick, and also because I had to study for my exams).There, in the last three weeks, three of my classmates and I built a service that helps people in need to find soup kitchens and free meals near them using simple text messaging. After the bootcamp, we are still working on the website and have transformed it into an non-profit association.Le Wagon was an intense experience, one of the best in my life. And it wasn't easy: frustrating at first, but rewarding at the end. And the key is not to give up. Besides learning how to code, I made some really good friends, and I also had the pleasure to meet some great people amongst the teachers, teachers' assistants and staff.I highly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to learn code.Read Less",le-wagon
"On July 2016, the company in which I worked as an engineer for years had to let go all of its workers. The Brazilian crisis hit us and it hit us hard. In that day I realized that the good old times of engineering had been left behind and that there was... Read More no use in looking for a new job. The country wasn't growing anymore, there was no money left and nobody was investing. Me, as a Construction Engineer, realized that I couldn't be independent, that there was no use for all those years that I dedicated to my work. I would always depend on the government, investments and big corporations.Some weeks later I realized that I had to learn new abilities that would give me independence that would break that rope. That's how I restarted to study coding. I had learned a little bit on university, but the good old Pascal wasn't any good anymore. I bought some courses on Udemy. I started with python. I watched some hours of class but was a bit lost. I didn't know how to apply that on the real world and neither where I could use all those For, While, classes and objects.I got tired of python and started trying to learn front-end. I thought to myself ""Now we're good"". I was really learning something from html and css but when I got to javascript and jquery then even though the teacher had really nice ratings on Udemy that was just not doing the job. Sit in my chair watching classes wasn't getting me anywhere - it was time to get my hands dirty. I started to look for on-site courses and I was introduced to the bootcamp concept. I found some really expensive ones in the USA that appeared to be very good, but it wasn't financially worthy for me. I then looked in Europe and found a French coding bootcamp called Le Wagon. And, to my surprise, there was a batch starting in Rio, close to my apartment.I then researched innumerous reviews, articles, videos, instagram posts... everything that I could get my hands on. I only found good reviews and comments, so I decided to apply to the batch starting in January 2017 in Rio. After I got approved in an interview with one of the cofounders of Le Wagon Brazil, one of the mandatory pre-requisites was finishing up the Ruby track on Codecademy. During this course I realized that Ruby is a much easier programming language than all the others I had contact with. I liked it so much that I finished the track in a few days and one month before the begging of the bootcamp. In the first days of bootcamp I noticed that the methodology was completely different from everything I had seen before. Their learning platform to start with - a system of exercises, examples, questions, classes, and everything you'll need during your course and resources that will help in your career. Everything is there. Everyday classes start at 9am with one hour and a half well needed theoretical classes. We had 6 different teachers, every one of them teaching subjects they knew very well. After the theoretical part we jumped in to the real life exercises, some of them mandatory for the day and some more expert optional exercises. The platform has a buddy system so we can work in pairs, every day we had a different buddy, so we got to work with everybody - working in doubles is fundamental - the best way to learn is teaching. The exercises were hand picked, not all the methods and solutions were in the classes, and so we had to learn how to dig in for solutions - like in real life coding challenges. We learned how to go through documentation, good old Google and our best friend stack overflow. That's how a developer works. Based in somebodies solution, we build our own. At the end of the day we did some live coding with the teacher, where we solved one or two extra exercises together - it was always really cool to see other students solutions and logic to the same problems. During the bootcamp we learned necessary programming languages. We started with Ruby - we've build some software’s that worked on the command prompt - you know, that thing that looks really hacker like! We've learned to parse and scrap websites, I really loved doing that, and I scrapped many websites myself. Then we jumped in database, an elementary part of every software, we learned how to persist and manipulate the data. Then we jumped into interface design with the frontend part, HTML and CSS helped us design our apps user interface. We also went through javascript and jquery, the old black command prompt got left behind and we could build good-looking web apps! In the 6th week, we finally reached Rails! This is the week where all the magic happens! Everything is connected and makes sense: Ruby, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Database. Everything is possible now! In the last two weeks of the bootcamp we have to build a app from scratch. Every student gets to present as many ideas as he has in mind and the ones that get more votes from the students gets developed. We were divided in four groups. My group developed an app to order food and beverages in stadiums and events and get it delivered in your seat. We learned how to develop many interesting functions, like logins, payments, facebook interaction, etc. In two weeks, we had used almost everything we had learned in the 7 weeks before. In the last day we had the opportunity to present our project to the public, with the presence of the press and even VCs, investors, and members of the tech community. Awesome!It's a long text but I really wanted to show you how everything felt! If it was worth it? Definitively! Some students got jobs, some launched their products and some are working as freelancers! I managed to become independent, as intended!Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from a French Business School in 2015 and after a few years travelling and working as a business developer in tech companies I thought it was time for me to start learning again. I wanted to expand my technical skills and find a way to express... Read More my creativity.In coding, there is always new trends to analize, new things to learn. A friend of mine who works in the tech and start-up scene in Paris recommended me Le Wagon. I was already living in Barcelona and I met Gus, the driver, who invited me to a demo day. I was amazed by the quality of the projects. I decided that I wanted to learn how to build a product from scratch and decided to join the next batch. That’s how I fell in love with the world of programming !The first 2 weeks were tough. I had to jump head first into a brand new world full of equations and that I found very conceptual. But I soon understood that I will never be left alone with my problems. Becoming a developer comes with an amazing community always prone to share advice and to support you.The program very well-structured: lectures in the morning, exercizes in the afternoon with the help of the teachers, and live-code in the evening as a recap of the day’s concept.The teaching was also top quality. The staff at Le Wagon Barcelona is skilled, supportive and enthusiastic, and I have been amazed by the teachers’ availability and dedication. There is a real sense of community that helped me throughout the bootcamp and since. This is more than a technical program, the bootcamp also teaches great product and project management skills : during the project stage I learnt how to define the easiest Product possible with an optimized user experience.In a few words, Le Wagon gave me necessary skills and enough confidence to feel autonomous after the bootcamp to work on my own projects and keep learning: there will definitely be a before and after Le Wagon. I would recommend the course to anyone ready to start a challenging coding journey and discover an exciting community.Read Less",le-wagon
"My 9 weeks training at Le Wagon Bordeaux (batch#51) was such an amazing experience ! The teachers team, the pedagogy, the interaction between alumnis and the projects we made, gave me really operational skills and a clear vision of what an efficient work... Read More is in full stack web developpement. In the last 10 days we built a full and working platform for delivery companies and customers with all the techs we’ve learned, like geolocalization and mapping.Be prepared to meet exciting people, to spend hours of working and to finally blow your mind !Read Less",le-wagon
"Would you like to learn how to build a web application from scratch, surrounded by skillfull and friendly teachers? And follow courses at le Wagon in a beautiful city next to the sea while having a good glass of wine after hard day of work? Bordeaux may... Read More be your destination :) Hello everybody! My name is Pierre. I have been a student at the Le Wagon - Bordeaux for 9 weeks (batch 51). How incredibe and serious the way code has been taught to me, with no experience at all in web developpement before starting the courses. (I need to remind you that the courses is also structured for advanced level students). You will probably fall in love with ruby when coding simple programs to start, enjoy designing your database schema and play hard with ActiveRecord in Rails, the framework you will use to build your web app! Patience, one step at a time, the road is not that easy and you will have to work hard during those weeks if you really wish to assimilate intense hours of courses and code (several langages as well!) You will also learn to design your pages, use Bootstrap and make layouts responsive to user’s devices (mobile phone, tablets etc.). Everything is made (online plateform, live codes, exercices, documentation) to make you practice and to be automomous in your work. Helpfull teachers and assistants will guide you through the courses, resolvings conflicts and bugs, giving you advices and tips when you’re stucked, and on top of that : share experience as humans with a strong passion for code! (You will meet extraordinary, available and open-minded people).During the 10 last days at Le Wagon, you will work on a rails project in team (you build everything from scratch and present a demo in front of a public audience in the end. I developped with my team a social online plattform to share opinions on various themes with a fun angle. It was a technical challenge to increment the Websocket ActionCable technology in our app to get results in real time with a friendly user interface.Le Wagon – Bordeaux is also very involved in technical business life. Meetups, business conferences on various themes and they foster you to particpate in order to increase your developper’s web culture, your business vision etc.That was honnestly the best courses I have ever had in the past few years in a great environnement: kitchen and unlimited coffee, comfy chairs and work space!Read Less",le-wagon
"It's been a few weeks since I finished my training in the wagon in Bordeaux during the bacth #51 and today I confirm a sentence that I could see on their website: ""You will learn in 2 months what you would have learned in 2 years"". After graduating with... Read More a degree in commerce, I wanted to reorient myself in an area that really attracted me but I did not want to go back on several years of studies. The ideal was to find a fast and qualitative training to get strong skills in web development and The Wagon was the key to succeed. I had the opportunity before I graduated in marketing to do a year of computer science, but i realised that after a year I did not have real reusable skills. 9 January 2017, the adventure begins with 28 totally different people. The first few days are relatively difficult, we code, it works but we do not know how. More days passe and I realize that our level is really good. All that we were doing with difficulty and that we didn’t understand a few days later came basic elements that were mechanically realized with a real understanding. We spend 9 weeks to think and work, we learn all that is necessary to develop a website from scratch. The last two weeks are devoted to develop a personal project in a group. I was able to develop a survey application with impressive functionalities. The fact of being able to make it discover to other people was a satisfaction and a motivation to continue in this field, due to the complexity of the site and the final result that was incredible. Today the training is over and the Wagon has been the best experience of my life. I have been able to obtain a relatively high level that I could never get without the help of the teachers but also the students who support during the 9 weeks and the network of more than 1200 people. Thanks to the wagon for this new passion, this great atmosphere and these deciding skills that I added to my cv.Read Less",le-wagon
"When I first came across on Le Wagon website the first thing caught my attention was their slogan: “Change your life: learn to code”. I thought this was exactly what I wanted, change my life, jump in another “adventure”.After my 4 years in China and almost... Read More 1 in Cambodia working as a Project manager in the garment business, I wanted to go back to Europe and start again a new career.Cause my IT background and cause ,as Project Manager, I always worked with developers I decided that the best way to go back in the market was to polish off my coding skills, which I was not touching since the university times.To me coding always been something boring to do.I remember at the university studying C or Pascal was a torture, thats why I decided to follow the networking path and avoid code.But since today the world need coders I decided to give it a second opportunity and study it again in some cool course all around Europe.. and boom! That is exactly when I came across Le Wagon. I made my decision in one night.. “if it’s cool as it look like then I have found the right course for me”.I signed in the day after. The first available batch was in Barcelona (beautiful city!) I called them, I did my interview and finally ,after few days, I got the confirmation: I was in!After a wait of almost 1 month, here I was , learning code in a beautiful city like Barcelona, and yes, everything was like I expected It was, absolutely fantastic.All teachers and people from Le Wagon they were not just teachers but they were and are great human beings, taught me how to code and how to love it, they transmit me their passion and their will to keep going and to learn something new everyday.And right now I just can’t stop! I do code everyday and I am hungry of learning more and more, knowing that now I am part of an amazing community that is there anytime I will need help.Thanks Le Wagon for this great experience, you really changed my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is worth the investment and lives up to its reputation. Before joining the bootcamp I was trying to follow online tutorials to learn how I could build some prototypes of ideas we had for web apps but with the feeling I would never be able to... Read More leave the training wheels and ride on my own. I found Le Wagon by chance and seeing that the technology stack covered in the programmed matched what I was trying to learn, it looked like a perfect fit.The program is demanding and fast-paced, but it is aimed and suited at complete beginners, although I feel that if you take the time to explore the technologies covered before starting you will get so much more out of this bootcamp.The teachers are experienced in software engineering and they approach topics both from practical standpoints as well as theoretical. The teaching staff is always available to help you with your doubts at all times. There’s alsomore than simply coding though. Le Wagon organises talks and interviews with entrepreneurs and people involved in the start-up scene, which greatly complements the content of the course.What really surprised me was the atmosphere between students and that’s something Le Wagon staff fosters and encourages – creating a network of contacts and fellow-students which will continue beyond the bootcamp.The pace of the last two weeks is hectic due to the final projects but that’s where it all comes together. My team and I built a web app to track routines through user created questions/forms and it was great to see that I was able to build and structure a product on my own that differed from what I had been taught.Now I understand why some of the reviewers wrote that Le Wagon changed their lives or that it was the greatest thing they’ve ever done. It’s not cliché. Even if you don’t plan on becoming a developer, it is an enriching experience and a fantastic coding program. As for me, I found something I really love doing.Read Less",le-wagon
"My experience in the bootcamp was more than I could have expected. It started a bit scary and overwhelming in the first weeks but once time passed and programming and ruby notions were quickly building up in my head, it became more and more fun. The more... Read More I learned, the more possibilities I could envision. Honestly, I didn't think that I could learn how to build a fully functional web app in 9 weeks, but hey! it did happen!Also, what really made the bootcamp for me, was the people involved - teachers, the driver, and all the other students. Its much easier to learn when everyone is heading in the same direction.Learning to collaborate is a very important step, and the final weeks of the bootcamp are all about collaboration. I saw 10 amazing final projects built from 27 students in 2 weeks and I felt happy and proud of everyone!My final project was a Facebook Messenger Bot that can pretty much work as a receptionist for a small hotels/hostels. And yes, in two weeks, my group figured out how to actually make it workThe feeling that stuck with me after finishing the bootcamp was that now I have the freedom and the tools to build anything I want and that feels really good! I loved it, definitely recommend it and wish I could do it againRead Less",le-wagon
"For those who are reading this, believe me when I say … this was one of the best EXPERIENCES of my life!Before I decided to apply to the bootcamp, I was an IT graduate that never worked at any corporate or company of that expertise. My life was in a Portuguese... Read More Insurance Company and later as an IT Teacher, who became unemployed.Since I finished university, the world of IT and Technology was always on my mind and I feel so lucky I discovered Le Wagon late December 2016 (one week before Lisbon’s bootcamp started!).I decided to make a life change, a new mindset for the future and Le Wagon matched all the requirements I was looking for.Since day 0, yes we had a day 0 which was a ice breaker session were all the alumni/ students got to know each other, the atmosphere was AWSOME … Shannon, Hugo, Nick, João were the best hosts and were crucial for the amazingly friendly, joking, organized, hard working group that all the ’49’ers' became (we were batch 49).Le Wagon is also the community - joining people in a tech environment, providing the best experience, and teaching to ensure a greater future ahead.Everyday was HARD work, with a lot of information, technologies to absorb and exercises to complete. Besides that we had Live Code sessions were all of us were called to do write some code to solve an exercise with the help of all our classmates.Every day fast paced, with a lot to learn, understand, implement, but in the end , it all came together. And in 10 days, me and three other team members created an app to send pizzas to protesters. It was impossible to even image I could make something like that before I joined Le Wagon. It was so rewarding to actually build it and present it to an audience at the Demo Day.All the technology taught at Le Wagon is up to date and really well explained during the morning lectures;. The curriculum is super well organised, focusing on all the important tools needed to start building app’s.Now that the bootcamp is over, I can say that all the sweat, stress, brain fatigue paid off … I gained new skills that the job market is anxiously looking for and I can even start my own company, wherever I want, now that I have more knowledge. I also increased my network and met new people (new friends ).Don’t hesitate to join the Le Wagon family. It is something that is completely worth it and will change your life in many aspects.Thank you Shannon, Carlos, Nick, João, Mathieu and all the T.A’s for the support, but most of all a BIG kiss to all you 49’ers.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before the bootcamp I was already working with software development, but, after an exchange program, I felt the need to get an update on my knowledge of the subject.At the time I came back to Brazil, there was no course to be found that could have helped... Read More me up until I heard that Le Wagon was launching here.I did some research and got convinced by the excellent reviews and feedbacks I read. I almost enrolled for their first class in Brazil but finally decided to join the 2nd one.My experience with the course has been very good. I had tried to follow some online classes but nothing I found had concrete practical exercices included and I felt unable to implement anything. Le Wagon hands on pedagogy made a huge difference there.In the last 2 weeks, we were able to put into practice all of our knowledge by building real web apps that we demoed in front of an audience on the last day. Loved it all the way.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated in 2013 from a business school with a specialisation in finance, then worked for 3 years in startups before joining Le Wagon's Fullstack program.Being immersed in this tech environment and following the latest news on startups, certainly got... Read More me curious - but how do they do it? - and I slowly gained interest in code. I first tried to learn a bit by myself thanks to online resources. The problem was that learning code on and off through 1-hour lessons on my free-time turned out to be very difficult.I heard about Le Wagon a bit more than a year ago from an alumni and I instantly found the format was pretty suited to my needs. Learning a language and being operational in 9 weeks, it's magical. Quickly, I felt like I wanted to be able to understand this completely foreign language and I realised as well that it would be a tremendous asset the day I would decide to start a company on my own - one day - I applied right when I got the opportunity to do it.Yes, the bootcamp is truly demanding, but the methodology so efficient: theoretical classes - not too long to keep students' attention - followed by practical exercices to do in pairs, with a different buddy everyday. Classes allow to tackle basics and exercices to quickly assimilate them, pair-programming encourages socializing but also enables to improve faster by facing the questions of others.The last few weeks are dedicated to the development, in groups, of web applications that are pitched by the students. It is the opportunity to put into practice everything that has been previously learnt in smaller modules.And the result is... stunning, we built from scratch real web-applications that are fully functional, in no more than 2 weeks. I am very impressed by the speed at which we learnt all that, but also very proud of our project.During the bootcamp, I also realised all the possibilities that are brought by these new skills, and I know that they'll be useful in any type of job.As a whole, these 9 weeks are an amazing experience, I learnt a lot, met great people and found new professional opportunities.Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from my business school, I've decided to start an entrepreneurial experience with one of my friends. We've paid a web development company to create our web platform and tried to sell it to our target. For many reasons, this company has... Read More never been close to be successful and several frustrations occured during this experience. Nevertheless one frustration was bigger than the others : our inability to update/fix/improve our website by ourselves. We've obviously tried to learn alone but it was never sufficient enough to make significant modifications on our website. A few weeks after the end of this experience, I was at the HQ of Le Wagon in Paris for my 1st day of the Fullstack Program.Le Wagon was the best answer to this frustration. After 9 intense weeks of learning with excellent teachers, I can (proudly) say that I have now enough knowledge to avoid facing this frustration again and to be able to create by myself a solid MVP. The best thing about this program is the well thought-out educational content. It makes you understand in only a few weeks, some of the hardest concepts of web development. Le Wagon has also an amazing worldwide community of teachers and alumni, ready to help you even after the bootcamp. For all of those reasons, I'll highly recommend that you enroll in the FullStack program without hesitation.Read Less",le-wagon
"My story with The Wagon began last year in a context that could only guide me towards what I was going to experience for two months during the training. I had left my job where I was a retail director in the cosmetics sector.While I was quietly sipping... Read More a beer in a clandestine restaurant by the sea with friends, I was telling them about my dream to create a web platform on cosmetics, adding that it was now or never to realize this dream. The magic is that a friend of mine had just enrolled at Le Wagon Bordeaux and told me with great enthusiasm what this training was going to bring to him.I therefore subscribed to Le Wagon Paris for the Batch#48 and from that moment I knew that I was entering a new universe, the universe of Code.  Le Wagon's team helped me prepare so that I would not be lost on the first day. The program of the training is very rich because we learn a lot of things: the back-end, the front-end, to carry out a project from A to Z.  This is a very intense training the first days because we learn new things every morning, which should be put into practice the same day. Even in the evening in my bed, I was seeing bits of code ...But I do not hide from you that in parallel with this learning experience there was another adventure to live at Le Wagon: a magical and human one, thanks to all the people with different backgrounds I met in my batch, and to the staff team that is passionate about its work and happy to teach us what they had previously learnt themselves.  Quite simply, I was glad to get up in the morning to come to Le Wagon to learn and see all this little world because there was not the well-known pressure that I felt while working. These two months were a real bubble of oxygen.When I look back at my journey, I started the training without even knowing what a terminal is .. I can tell you that I am very proud of me today. I am now moving forward with my project with serenity because I know that I am not starting from scratch any more. My goals were to be able to build my projects' MVPs and to become autonomous : objectives achieved.If you are going to learn web programming and design I full recommend this program!  The program : https://www.lewagon.com/program PS : Extremely friendly and professional team!Read Less",le-wagon
"My history with Le Wagon began e few years ago, I had just presented an IT recruiting system at a Ruby meetup in Paris and chance had it that someone from Le Wagon came to this same event to present their Bootcamp. The idea of learning to code started... Read More to sprout - but with a 9 to 5 job it would not be easy to find the time for a two months full-time bootcamp.Some springs later, destiny (or rather my wife) made me move to São Paulo. So I quit my job and started learning Portuguese. Once again, destiny made things right when I heard that Le Wagon had just launched their bootcamp in São Paulo. This time I had the available time and I jumped on the opportunity to apply to their next batch. It started with an interview with the person in charge (Mathieu Le Roux), I felt lucky that he happened to be French since my ""portuñol"" was not that great. We talked about my motivations, in my case I had been working with digital for the past 6 years. I had a multitask profile: product launch, marketing, product management, acquisition strategies, mobile apps... but always felt frustrated for not being able to master 100% of the product chain. The interview went well, I just needed to complete an online course so that my application would be valid. One month later the bootcamp started and I felt the first week was really tough. Lots of new concepts everyday had me come home every night with some heavy headaches. It's only after the third week that I felt things became clearer to me, just when we actually connect all the concepts to concrete practical applications. From then on, things started to feel more natural and automatic. After that we had a few more weeks to learn Front End, which for me was easier since I had already created some sites using HTML and CSS. And finally, the two best weeks: the final project. Our small group of 4 people wanted to create a recruiting site targeted to developers, with a matching algorithm to find the best profile for each job offer. The team was extra motivated and we worked everyday up to 10pm. It was feature after feature: anonym and public profiles, search engine, matching algorithm, online payment, admin interface, responsiveness... The last day finally arrived and it was the moment to demo our product: programathor.com.br. Even though I had improved my Portuguese during these two months, pitching the project myself was still a little bit out of reach. So Julien and Leandro got the responsibility to demo the project, and they brilliantly did! Check out the video : https://www.lewagon.com/pt-BR/demoday/46/programathorAfter Le Wagon I am still considering launching ProgramaThor as a proper business in Brazil and keep improving the platform so I don't forget what I've learned. I'm impressed and proud of what we have accomplished in only two weeks and of what I feel capable of doing after only two months. If you're reading this and still have questions about the program, feel free to contact me at https://www.linkedin.com/in/etiennecurati/Read Less",le-wagon
"After 3 years working in Paris as a consultant, among which the past 2 years at eleven, a strategy and management firm specialized in digital strategy (http://eleven-strategy.com/en/) , I’ve decided to take a deeper step “behind the digital scenes”. This... Read More gradual slide stems from several opportunities that made me aware of the need to enhance my tech skills, in particular through my latest assignment as a consultant. I worked as a project manager for a cross-functional cross-country flagship project that was meant to diversify the earn and burn opportunities in the loyalty program of a major player in the hospitality industry through e-commerce. I could only be relevant and meet the ambitious objectives of the project if I effectively managed to challenge each team and external provider that I was coordinating. While, based on my previous experience, I could easily take a deep-dive into the stakes of most of the aspects of the project (marketing, finance, legal, tax, etc.), I still needed to fully grasp the challenges the multiple IT teams were facing. I thus applied to do an intense 9 weeks coding training at Le Wagon Barcelona, which allowed me to gain technical skills in both back-end and front-end programming languages and experience the work of a fullstack developer.Le Wagon … the very name holds the promise of a singular journey, right? Now, let me tell you a bit me about how this journey felt. I remember the first Monday, when we went around the table to listen to the story of each of the 14 individuals gathered, aging from 17 to 35+, all with a very diverse cultural professional and personal background (investor, former consultants, freelancers, “proven” and aspiring entrepreneurs) … Some people had previous technical experience and most did not. At the very beginning, I thought: “Great, it very much feels like a retreat for cosmopolitan and ambitious yuppies…”. And then, as we moved on with the set-up of our computers and I discussed more thoroughly with each one, I realized how much it would be a challenging and humbling collective learning experience. And that’s exactly what it was. On this first day at Le Wagon, I shared my first coffee of the journey (and there were many more) with my then buddy-for-the-day, Hugh Mitton, and we chatted about travels, previous work experiences, movie making and other activities. 9 weeks later, after 10 days of intense coding and debugging, we’ve introduced the MVP of Destinosé (www.destinose.com) , a travel app meant to help people that like perusing the world pick their next destination.Working each day with a new buddy as per Le Wagon methodology, doing about 8-10h of problem-solving on cases that did NOT look like business cases for which I could use what I had learnt to do so far was quite challenging. It obviously gave me a renewed and thrilling feeling of being totally out of my comfort zone … everyday! As much as it could also feel a little bit frustrating to learn a new set of coding elements everyday without having the comfort of thinking you’ve fully digested the tricks of the previous day, I realized that these layers came together in a very “neuroergonomic” way after I was done with the bootcamp. It is rather impressive to see how well designed this immersion into the vast world of coding is. The material itself (kitt and karr platforms) encompasses the best practices of coding in a very accessible and readable manner. The TAs that are taking turns into teaching parts of the curriculum are all fully committed to deliver digest explanations given the fast-paced learning curve that’s proposed. They are also keen on spending extra-time with students to make sure they feel fully on track. The whole pedagogical team is smoothly coordinated by a very inspiring driver, Gustavo De Vita, whom I feel incarnates really well the very concept of equanimity applied to management. Le Wagon Barcelona is also well connected to the tech startup scene there, which allowed us to meet a lot of interesting entrepreneurs and try their product/service (e.g. founders of GetYourHero, Eoz, Yugo, etc.). Slowly, I started making programming related puns and speaking in Spanglish over lunch preparation with my teammates. And yes, we did prepare lunch together everyday, shared it at the terrace of the coworking space, with a sunny view on La Sagrada Familia! Some days, knowing we had to get through a very heavy workload, we would start with a xocolata a la tassa and churros. At the end of the day, when backs were hurting too much for having kept ourselves behind the screens for the whole day, we could enjoy a good Kundalini yoga class at a school around the corner or a tailored session put in place by the staff of Le Wagon Barcelona. We also celebrated birthdays with massive cakes that could feed the whole coworking space for many days. The Batch-44 was so much of an inclusive close-knit community that we had parents and family visit, and bring or help prepare national dishes from their home country. I did my own version of a couscous with the available equivalent of a couscous maker, under the close watch of a semi-staggered semi-amused Moroccan mother who had to adjust her standards … and we gladly shared this over the next lunch with my classmates and a few other people from the coworking space. All in all, life at Le Wagon Barcelona was GOOD! But what it really brought me, and this is invaluable to this day, was a sense of confidence that I was acquiring a very relevant knowledge that will expand my freedom to create projects. And doing so, it gave me an impulsion to move forward with the professional transition I longed for for a while. I quit my job while there, which was a long overdue action I managed to do with all the support I received, feeling part of this exciting and growing community. As I was surrounded with like-minded people, some already or soon to be proper digital nomads, eager to learn and share in the most benevolent way their knowledge and driven by a very similar sense of accomplishment for when work is done effectively and allows for a holistic growth of the individual, I very much felt that a meaningful work collaboration should feel and taste like this each and everyday. Nothing less fulfilling than this! I left Le Wagon after the demo day a bit tired and extremely happy and satisfied. It’s been a few months already and I know that I will stay in touch with the Batch-44 as a whole, and more particularly with very good friends I made there. I feel ready for all the new creative tech adventures that will come up … starting NOW!Read Less",le-wagon
"I started studying computational linguistic a year before I joined Le Wagon. Before my studies, I had zero computer skills, to the point I that I had to call my brother every time I installed a new program or something was off. I started programing in... Read More university but I knew my skills were by far not good enough to land a job as a working student in the hopes of becoming one day a great software engineer. I decided to go to a coding bootcamp to make up for all those years missed not programming and to accelerate following my dreams.The bootcamp proved to be tough. By day 5, I was already learning things I hadn't seen in university before. The struggle began and didn't end until Le Wagon finished nine weeks later. I learned so much in such a short time. I could never have done this on my own and I don't think it’s possible to achieve that much when you are on your own.Le Wagon’s teachers were a great help, answering all my personal questions and always keeping us motivated. Going through a process like this wouldn't have been bearable if it wasn't for the other students though, we pushed and helped each other and formed our own little community. The last two weeks we worked in groups to make a final project which we presented on the final day.My group created a prototype to handle freelancer invoicing. It was really hard work but an opportunity to focus on the things we like, for me backend, but also to get better at the ones we struggled with - frontend.Going to Le Wagon is perhaps one of the best experiences of my life. I would't be able to work as a software developer right now if it wasn't for those 9 weeks.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended Le Wagon batch #46 in São Paulo, Brazil, and it was a truly transformative experience. I’m 23, and a soon-to-be business graduate from HEC Paris, France. After interning twice in VC, it quickly became clear that I needed to considerably improve... Read More my technical skills, whether I was to stay in VC start a company or join a product management team in a startup, which were the three main options I am considering for my first job out of college. So I started working on FreeCodeCamp and Codecademy, putting 300+ hours in learning to code in JavaScript, Python and Ruby. I quickly got the grasp of algorithm coding, but I was far from being able to build the web apps I was dreaming of: the transition from coding algorithms to actually building software was much bigger than I expected, and I couldn’t find the right e-learning program for me. Working and studying, my time was limited, and it was clear I had to go another route if I wanted to quickly improve my skills. Living in Brazil at the time, I met the formidable team of Le Wagon in Sao Paulo, and signed up for the next session.The next two months have been incredible. I had the chance of attending le Wagon in a small batch of 12 students, which considerably improved the experience and helped built a great relationship between students and teachers. After 7 weeks of learning and practicing, I gained the skills to build EasyMoveis, a furniture rental marketplace (www.easymoveis.co) in only 10 days with a team of 4 LeWagon students. I was most impressed by the fantastic learning curve at Le Wagon. The learning program is very well engineered so that the transition from coding to actually building web apps is extremely natural. I started building apps without realizing it! Aside from building apps, I think Le Wagon also helped me build a ‘developer’ mindset, that is the ability to keep learning on my own, find resources and libraries, and more importantly collaborate on a project. All those skills simply can’t be taught online. Finally, I am glad to have joined the Le Wagon community: the teachers from my batch at Le Wagon are always happy to help and provide feedback, while the overall community is super active and helpful.Le Wagon is probably the best investment I made on myself, and I would recommend it to any one willing to learn software development, eyes closed!Read Less",le-wagon
"LeWagon was a game-changer for me. There is a before and an after LeWagon, be ready, seriously.Before LeWagon...I had always wanted to learn coding and build my own product. I went to a business school and I was working as a product manager. So in my... Read More work, I worked with developers to build beautiful products. In the same time, I always worked on side projects with developers but I was depending on them. I wanted to become autonomous and be able to build my own MVPs (Minimum Viable Product) by myself.The night before my first day at LeWagon, I asked myself : ""Are you sure to pay that amount for a training which you probably can do with Codecademy, Udemy, Openclassroom…?"" And after the first week, I was glad I joined LeWagon and glad to invest in myself. I think this is one of the best investments I have made.I was ready to work hard, very hard, to struggle at the beginning but at the end of the journey, I was proud to learn that fast. In my opinion, the fast-learning experience only works if you focus all your attention on it, and also because 9 weeks is very short. So give everything to learn and produce the best product you could do and enjoy creating products with your head!After LeWagon...Now, I work as a freelance Ruby on Rails developer and Product Manager for multiple companies.As a Ruby on Rails junior developer, I develop some web apps and websites for companies.As a Product Manager, I work differently and I easily anticipate the technical problems. I'm now much more confident with developers and I'm keep learning with them, especially in Ruby and React.And as an entrepreneur, I'm working on a new MVP with another Le Wagon alumni from my batch.Now, I define myself as a fullstack builder.So, if you want to learn coding but are still hesitating, I'd suggest without a doubt to enroll at Le Wagon! But again, be ready to work hard!Read Less",le-wagon
"After graduating from business school and launching 2 significant ventures for Rocket Internet, my cofounder and I resigned to work on our own project. Like many others, our first task was to find a CTO. After a few weeks of rather frustrating search,... Read More I decided to attend Le Wagon's #1 batch in Paris (2014).After 9 intense weeks of learning, I went from zero development knowledge to being able to create a solid MVP. On top of great course material and teachers, Le Wagon really stands out by its ability to create an ambitious yet fun environnement. Everybody there has their own background and is eager to make a change.The work I did at Le Wagon helped me prove my concept and attract 2 great developers to get things started. We ended up launching Kudoz, a recruitment mobile app. 3 years later, we are a 12-people team. We have raised €1.2m in 2015 (and probably more soon). Kudoz has reached more than 250k users and 1000 active recruiters this month. So yes, attending Le Wagon was really worth it ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"I had never coded a single line before in my life, but those classes were so complete that after only 9 weeks I am now confident enough about my code skills to apply for a tech position.For the past 3 years I worked with Marketing and Communications,... Read More but right after Le Wagon I started applying some logic knowledge and hacks in my daily tasks and this led me to get a spot in the tech team of my company! It's only two months to become a fullstack dev so you have to dive in code everyday but it is totally worth it!I am fully satisfied and recommend Le Wagon to everyone looking for a quick start on coding. Besides Le wagon provides you with an amazing network of alumni and teachers that help you even after the bootcamp is over.Read Less",le-wagon
"Although I knew for a long time that television is a dying medium, it didn’t stop me from chasing my dream to become a TV producer. But after graduation I found out that the showbusiness is a very tough world, and not the place for me. I searched for... Read More a job for over a year, figuring out along the way that I was pursuing a dream that didn’t really suit me.So I started searching for a new passion. One of my best friends who works in IT told me that he could see me doing the same work. I thought he was nuts, I always had a thing for computers, but actually working in IT? Nah, that couldn’t interest me at all. But somehow his comment stuck with me and it started to grow on me more and more. In the following months I read up on IT subjects and coding got to me the most. It was at the same time that I found Le Wagon on my Facebook timeline and it was as if, bit by bit, everything was falling into place. I decided to sign up for batch 38 in Amsterdam, and I have to say that the Le Wagon bootcamp was an incredible experience. I was amazed by how my classmates and I were transformed into full blown coders within such a short amount of time. It was tough, definitely, but it was so worth it. The teachers were skilled and lovely, and the course has taught me a new way of thinking as well as given me a new skill set that is so valuable in this day and age.It only took me five days to find a job after the demo day, which I also have to thank Le Wagon for, as it was during a job event they took me to that I came into contact with my current employer. I’m already happier in IT than I would probably ever be in TV. My colleagues are amazing and I’m still having fun while I continue learning more and more about the workings of the Internet every day.Read Less",le-wagon
"After earning an engineering degree and working a few years as a consultant in the banking sector, I wanted to learn new skills, especially in web development.Thus, I joined the Le Wagon's 9-week FullStack program in Paris. The choice of this particular... Read More course had been motivated by various reviews I had found on the internet, but more importantly by the quality of the projects that are pitched by the students at their demo days.My goal was to become autonomous and able to build any kind of web application's MVP in a reasonable amount of time: this goal has been reached.Le Wagon surely means daily classes, exercices and learnings, but above all it's a very rich human experience. Even though days are tough, they always take place in friendliness and cheerfulness with classmates coming from very different backgrounds and always eager to help each other. The whole staff is very skilled and enthusiastic, and teachers are always available and accessible.Today, I returned to my consulting job, and thanks to Le Wagon I am also working on the side on a personal project of a web application.In a word, I am sure you have understood that for all those who are looking for a web development bootcamp, I strongly recommend Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"A few months ago I had to make the following choice: am I going to dive deeper into social science and finish a master in my area of specialisation or, am I going to jump out of my comfort zone and go head first into coding. Now 3 months later I am still... Read More thrilled that I choose the latter.It is remarkable the amount of information that Le Wagon manages to teach you in just nine weeks. At times I felt like I was hanging on to the last cart of a fast moving derailing train, but it is inevitable to not be in over your head learning to code as a beginner and it is almost imperative for the learning curve that Le Wagon offers.Now I am able to create finished products, from start to end and I’ve found a job as a developer. Not only did the course provide the me the tools to start building and keep learning, but it also comes with an amazing community in which you are definitely prone to keep developing.Read Less",le-wagon
"*Background* As a graduate in Entrepreneurship and Innovation I am interested in start-ups in the world of IT. In order to build a project with a friend I immersed myself in the world of web development. To accelerate this process I found Le Wagon.*During... Read More the bootcamp*Le Wagon was a very intensive bootcamp. They have a nice structure of lectures and challenges, you are ready to build your own web applications towards the end of the bootcamp! The environment is very friendly and comfortable, I’ve had awesome teachers who helped me to get the most out of my Le Wagon experience.*Post bootcamp*Joining le Wagon gave me this hard skill (Ruby with Ruby on Rails). I never expected to learn how to make fully functioning web-applications in such a little time. I can honestly say that I am confident with my obtained proficiency in software development. Moreover, I realized that it is not just the end-product, but coding itself is what makes me happy. Therefore I want to further advance as a web-developerRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I worked as a finance analyst. I wanted to take a break and had always been intrigued by the happenings within the tech and start-up scene, and thus after a period of research, I decided to apply for Le Wagon in Copenhagen. Why... Read More Le Wagon?I was based full-time in Asia, where coding bootcamps were not yet popular at the time of my application, and so I looked abroad. I browsed bootcamps in the U.S., but found most of them very expensive, and was lucky to find out about Le Wagon after perusing online reviews. Headquartered in Paris, Le Wagon offered classes across Europe and is now expanding to Asia and Latin America. It stood out as one of the more affordable options while not compromising quality and content. I am now happy to attest to the strength of the reviews I had read before I applied. Le Wagon was an intensive 9-week program with the goal of equipping creatives and entrepreneurs with the skill set to kick-start and launch their ideas. That said, you do not need to have a business idea to join Le Wagon. I found the program extremely well structured and thought out — lectures in the morning to introduce new concepts, exercises in the afternoon to practise those new concepts, and live-coding sessions in the evening to make sure everybody is on the same page. In the last few weeks, we plunged into developing our own projects, and it was incredible to see what one could do after learning 7 weeks of code. Of course, do not expect yourself to become an expert after the bootcamp, however, you will have a solid foundation in code to continue your journey as a junior developer or test out your ideas!For me, my biggest takeaway from Le Wagon was the community. I met amazing classmates from all parts of the world and different backgrounds, and all converging to learn code together. Teachers at Le Wagon all teach with passion and immense belief in the program — most lecturers and TAs were former Le Wagon students, and it just comes to show the strength of the alumni community. We also had the pleasure of meeting Boris the founder of the program, and saw his vision in empowering ourselves through code in no matter what we do. You can see how much care and thought the founders behind the bootcamp had put into shaping the course by going through all the lecture materials, exercises, and flashcards they had put together and made available online to all students. Why Copenhagen?The deciding factor for me was simply that I was curious about life in Scandinavia and thought there probably would not be another time for me to move across the world and spend 3 months here! I was extremely glad with my choice — not only was Copenhagen a lovely city with a unique pace and biking culture, but the Le Wagon program was also run by a very competent alum who knew exactly what he was doing. Guest lecturers were invited on same days and they were either seasoned developers or designers in the field, and we were blessed to have them come in and share tips and insights with us. These teachers have now become our mentors and I am really grateful to have met them. If you are deciding which city to join Le Wagon in, I would recommend Copenhagen with no hesitation. Most of my batch were international students, and we are now once again scattered across the globe to pursue the next steps in our careers. The skills you learn at Le Wagon are universal and highly transferable, so why not spend 9 weeks in a new city and where is the quality of teaching is great?Read Less",le-wagon
"Before I joined Le Wagon I thought programming was something only 15 year olds living on their computer could do. Now I find out that I have the potential to be amazing at it and Le Wagon helped me make unimaginable progress. I used to not know anything... Read More about the command line or even code and now much of it comes like second nature.   I also used to hate class and considered dropping out of university but I just discovered I was being taught wrong and at the bootcamp I enjoyed attending class and it was easy to pay attention. The majority of the course was spent solving small problems that trained my brain to be the developer I am today.   The instructors were phenomenal and when it was all said and done this course was good. Many boot camps advertise what they excel at but Le Wagon just excels across the board. I can now build websites with relative ease and I could hardly work the command line before.   Finally, my classmates and I got very well. Having travelled from America for this, I made some lifelong friends from all across the world. You often hear testimonials about how it was hard to leave but I would not dismiss the sense of community Le Wagon builds. The buddy system they employ works wonders on getting to know people and the manager Ed is absolutely amazing and will make you feel comfortable from the first day until the last.   If you are going to learn web programming and design I give this program my full recommendation.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hey guys, just wanted to leave my experience and opinion here about my time at Le Wagon in Barcelona, I was part of the first cohort.It was truly a great time, the curricula was great, I really learned a lot about coding as well as front end.I finished... Read More my project in the end and I enjoyed the overall experience, Gus the driver was helpful, I made great friends and my time in Barcelona couldn't be better, the city and weather was perfect.I would recommend it, if you have a project you want to complete.Read Less",le-wagon
"Participer au batch 40 à Bordeaux est une des meilleures décisions que j’ai prises : la pédagogie est très bien pensée, c’est intense mais on va droit au but. Je n’ai pas seulement appris à coder, j’ai appris à bien le faire, en mode projet agile et en... Read More équipe. Idéal pour les porteurs de projets entrepreneuriaux et pour des reconversions pour devenir dev !Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello,I am Aryana, a Le Wagon Alumni. Like many students there, I had no idea I wanted to become a Web Developer until recently - but I believe it is one of the best decisions I ever made!I graduated from a Business School 3 years ago - not because I... Read More was interested in business, but because I had no idea of what I wanted to do. After that I became a freelance recruiter, and worked with recruitment agencies. One of them was specialized in IT profiles. Not only did I realize that there was a shortage of programmers and web developers, but a vast majority of the programmers I spoke to were enthusiastic and loved their job. That got me thinking. I had done a little programming myself during my free time and had loved it. Why couldn't I become a programmer myself...?As I had no real experience in programming, I knew I would have to follow some kind of course. But which format / language should I opt for ? I went through many websites, spoke to quite a few programmers, and was starting to think I would never find a short but intense program that met my needs (most of these had bad reviews on the Internet) until one IT Teacher I spoke to told me about Le Wagon. I looked into it, and it seemed perfect ! Many people had advised me to learn Ruby on Rails, and the format was exactly what I was looking for - even though it seemed a little expensive.I was in batch 43, which started in October 2016 and ended in December. It was even better than I had imagined!It was a very concrete experience, full of motivated students and an extremely devoted staff. I discovered that coding was something I loved, and had come to believe that I had finally found a job I would enjoy. The course goes as follows : 1 or 2 hours of class in the morning Exercises all day in pairs (you're never alone and get to meet all of the other students) --&gt; practice makes perfect ! 1 hour of livecode (everyone codes together) in the evening. The last 3 weeks you work in groups on 2 projects. This means that each group, and each individual, will ultimately develop different skills depending on the website and on their role in the group. Some work more on the front-end, some more on the back-end, some websites will do plenty of scraping while others will use loads of javascript... It is very enriching. !Everyone is motivated and hardworking - we actually nearly forgot to go for lunch a couple of times! - but the staff is there to remind us to relax and have fun. We had yoga classes twice a week (I discovered how bad I was at yoga then &gt;Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello! I was a student at Le Wagon Bordeaux batch #40 (03/10/2016 - 02/12/2016)This bootcamp of 2 months brought me a lot. It was dense, complete and well organized.WHY LE WAGON:The language Ruby is known to be ""developer happiness"", that means intuitive... Read More and easy to assimilated. This does not prevent that there are quite a lot of good practices to know to be effective (SRP, DRY ...)We also learn to work with:- HTML- CSS- Javascript- Ajax- Jquery- Ruby on RailsLESSONS:Every day there was a principal teacher, as well as assistant teachers to have a more effective individual follow-up. The teachers are friendly, attentive, patient and listening ... The day begins with a lesson. Then we form groups of two people, to work on the subject of the lesson until 5:30 pm. We finish on a livecode, to correct the exercises of the day. Anyone can ask questions and correct their exercise.At the end of this bootcamp, I am able to set up a site (e-commerce, hotel ...) from conception to a functional web application.AND AFTER? :I am currently on my own. I realize sites for professionals, who want to improve their visibility, turnover and proximity. A month after the end of this bootcamp, I work on 4 sites simultaneously.I work in parallel on personal projects that will lead, I hope on the creation of a startup.And now I'm a teacher assistant in Bordeaux for the next batch.I highly recommend Le Wagon.LOUARN RonanRead Less",le-wagon
"Before joining Le Wagon, I was working in a nuclear power station as an operations engineer in the main control room. I finished my Masters in Mechanical Engineering at the University of Bristol and went straight into the nuclear power industry but after... Read More two years I realised that this was not the career for me. And now, 3 weeks after the course I have already landed a developer role in an exciting London startup.I wanted to move back to a big city after living in a remote village for the last year and started looking for jobs in London. As a mechanical engineer, I did not find anything that really interested me and I also came to the conclusion that I was never that passionate about mechanical engineering in the first place! During my job search I couldn't help but notice the abundance of software development roles that were available in London and this gave me the idea to look into becoming a developer.A very close friend of mine recommended Le Wagon to me as he knew someone who attended one of the Amsterdam batches (Gina) and after seeing her enthusiasm about the course during a Skype call I was convinced that I should apply. This was one of the best decisions I have ever made in my life.Learning to code at Le Wagon was an incredible experience. The course structure and content have been meticulously pieced together to create a logical journey which means that even someone with no programming knowledge can understand the concepts and excel in web development. The nine weeks are tough but rewarding, there is a lot of information being thrown at you and everyone has moments where they struggle, however at the end you will be amazed at the web applications that you are able to build.For my final project, I worked in a team of four students to build a web application which allows users to apply for a loan using their mobile number. The idea for this project came from large proportions of people around the world not having access to financial services due to not having a bank account. Users can sign up and apply for a loan and then bank employees can review these applications, monitor their loan portfolio and have access to statistics which give them an overview of the business. This project was built in only 10 days.Honestly, I could never have imagined that I would be able to build something this completed after just 9 weeks of studying.Apart from the fantastic course content, all the teachers, teaching assistants and Le Wagon staff helped to create a really friendly and comfortable atmosphere. Every one of them is clearly very passionate about wanting to help people to learn to code and this is reflected in all aspects of the course. Another reason why the course quality was so high was that the teachers were excellent; great at explaining things, answering questions and helping students with their bugs and issues.Overall, if you are considering learning how to code in a short space of time – I recommend Le Wagon over any other bootcamp in London. It is a guaranteed life changing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"You'll see everything, from back-end to front-end, including a bit of Javascript and other sweet things to usher you into the delicious world of developers!At Le Wagon, you'll find the open mindset, a warm atmosphere and everything you'll need to feel... Read More 100% ready for intensive training.As far as I'm concerned, in Batch#43, we put everything we had learnt in classes into practice to build our project ZA:DL (https://www.lewagon.com/fr/demoday/43/zadl)Before Le Wagon, I created my own company and I felt very limited in its evolution because I was lacking the required technical skills. I chose Le Wagon to get these skills as fast as possible so I could build another MVP myself. Being able to understand everything that lays behind a web-app led me to question my project and made a 180° pivot to a much better product.More than a technical program, Le wagon helps you to define the easiest Web Product possible with an optimized user experience.The final projects enabled me to take enough hindsight to truly understand and use everything we had learnt during the first few weeks of the program. It gave me confidence in the fact that I can keep learning to code and be autonomous after the bootcamp.Le Wagon kept its word: today my creativity is not limited any more as I now have the skills to express it.In a nutshell, if you hesitate.. do not, go for it!`Read Less",le-wagon
"My previous job in tech recruitment was spent placing developers into jobs, which became rather frustrating because everyday I could see the massive potential in having digital skills. I spent a long time agonising over which coding school to choose when... Read More I first decided I was going to move from my previous career to a career in technology, and I am so pleased that I chose Le Wagon. I could never understand how they could consistently get 5 star reviews but I thought I would trust them and go through the process myself.The team at Le Wagon has been so welcoming, supportive and friendly throughout my time there and since. There is a real sense of community with teachers, previous students and the management team going above and beyond to help you out along the way. There was also a great mix of students and we found a good balance between working hard and having fun at the same time.The teaching was also top quality, it was quite unbelievable how we picked things up, and even though it could be tough at times, the way the course is designed means that you are constantly going over the stuff that you've already learnt without even realising it! Often we would have teachers flying from all over the world to teach us and they were very good at breaking down the things we needed to learn. The course covered everything that we had to know to go straight into developer jobs, from back-end Ruby to some quite advanced JavaScript.I found that a lot of my classmates had business ideas ready to be made a reality and those like myself who came to learn to code primarily. This was very useful, as there was a lot to learn from people who had much more business experience than me and added a whole new layer to my learning, particularly during the project stage.Overall, it was tough and needed a lot of hard work, but it never felt like too much because of the support and style of Le Wagon. I would recommend it to anyone interested in coding or starting a tech business.Read Less",le-wagon
"In a past life, I was a truck driver, which has nothing to do with code. However, a few months ago, I decided to take the plunge and I joined Le Wagon in Paris (batch #43) last October.Despite my background, the teaching methodology was so effective that... Read More I didn't feel overwhelmed by the difficulty of the course. The staff and the atmosphere were great. On top of that, I am amazed by what I got to accomplish at the end of these 9 weeks, whether it was through the AirBnb clone or the final project (www.barde.guitars). I am now looking to join a company as a Fullstack developer and I already have a few opportunities for full-time positions!`Read Less",le-wagon
"Hello, My name is Clemence and I have never been into ""long studies"". That's why, I naturally turned myself towards bootcamps when I decided to learn how to code.I had been looking through all the different bootcamps for months before I decided to apply... Read More to Le Wagon. At first, I hesitated because I thought it was only designed for entrepreneurs which was not really my profile. But quickly I realised that I could apply without having any current entrepreneurial project.After taking the interview, asking questions and having completed the ruby track, I got accepted in the Batch#43 in Paris which took place from October to December 2016. The team I joined was the first girls-only team at Le Wagon. The project we built is called ZA:DL ( http://beta.zadl.fr/ ). ZA:DL is a web-app that helps you organize paid activities with your friends.After Le Wagon, we kept on working on it for 2 weeks as the leader of our team plans on releasing it during Q1 of 2017.There is no denying that the atmosphere at Le Wagon is awesome. The people in my batch were super cool and everybody was getting along well with each other. Teachers, teaching assistants and the staff are all very nice and ready to help when needed. The events organised during the bootcamp were great as well. Despite getting more and more tired throughout the weeks, the talks with entrepreneurs, the Q&amp;A sessions with alumni were very appreciated by the whole group.Although the first few weeks were really hard for me as I had never coded before, the 9 weeks spent at Le Wagon were so great, and went so fast that no one wanted it to end.Read Less",le-wagon
"After getting a Law Bachelor and graduating with a MA in Media &amp; Communication, I just couldn't picture myself starting the usual internship process for big companies in old industries. I was also always excited by the fast moving tech industry - but... Read More so frustrated to not be able to be a part of it. When I came up with my business idea, it got to the point where all the brainstorming and market research was about to be left hanging if no product was actually being built… After getting a pricing estimation of what it would cost to code my MVP - and knowing that even then I wouldn't be able to fully understand my own product - I decided to invest that money in myself and acquire tech skills.I spent hours comparing the different bootcamps out there and eventually chose Le Wagon because of what I heard from friends in Paris and because they are the only one really focused on building your product.They have proved it with the successful entrepreneurs they have helped so far. The experience at Le Wagon London was truly amazing. The staff (teachers, managers, directors) are as close to the students as it can get and are always available to help you out even after hours. The platform on which we exercise is one of a kind: you start the day with a lecture where the new concepts are taught with the teacher live coding and explaining everything they do; then you spend the day working in pairs or teams and going over the concepts of the day (and more advanced techniques for those who can); and you end the day with another live code where you go over everything once again. It's just crazy the amount of stuff you learn and you surprise yourself keeping the pace with everything and getting better with the days. I made good friends there and met my amazing team with who we are now improving our sports competition generator and manager (OnTop). It is now going so fast and we are already able to test it right after the program. Finally, I really recommend taking this course for any aspiring entrepreneur (regardless of your background), but also for anyone who wants to commit for 9 weeks to a life changing experience that will open you more doors that you could dream of. But it doesn't end here because you're part of Le Wagon for life.Read Less",le-wagon
"After finishing my business school in France I knew I wanted to work in a startup environment. But I felt like the knowledge I learnt in the past 4 years was very theoretical and strongly lacked the technical skills to actually bring something to the... Read More table in a company other than just an extra pair of hands to help out. Having done an internship in a digital startup during my studies I had seen what developers could do and ""coding"" kept intriguing me since then. That is why after graduating I decided not to do a masters degree as most of my friends were doing and instead I decided to learn how to code at Le Wagon's bootcamp in London! I was amazed by it's online reputation, specially on the international scene compared to other bootcamps I was looking at.The course was intense, as I expected it to be, but I was amazed by how well the structure of the course was. We would spend all day learning how to code and doing exercises without losing focus. Unlike my university classes, where I often lost focus after 30 minutes of a lecture. The last fews weeks the classroom felt more like a company office as we all worked in teams to build our final projects, this was an incredible experience, we quickly got very passionate and proud of our projects, meaning we'd voluntarily spend late nights trying to make our websites look perfect or adding extra features. Before we knew it we were building fully functional websites in just a couple of days.And that's how, thanks to Le Wagon, in just a few weeks I learned how to code and completely changed my career path and my way of thinking from business to web development with a business perspective.Read Less",le-wagon
"First of all I totally recommend doing Le Wagon bootcamp if you are keen on entering the programming world. Before doing Le Wagon last winter here in Brazil I was kind of worried about my future and having a hard time finding a good job. I have studied... Read More and worked with oceanography here and before the bootcamp I was disappointed with the lack of opportunities in my field, I spent more than a year looking for a job and nothing came up. Work with programming was something that I always thought about, but the initial learning curve was very discouraging. So coding bootcamps were already in my mind to break through this curve. Then I heard that a really good bootcamp was landing here in Brazil, so I thought it was my chance of changing. I ended up being the first student to enroll in the first brazilian batch. And let me tell you it’s been an amazing experience, I have met really good people and looking back I still cannot believe how much me and all my colleagues could learn in only 9 weeks. This is the most interesting point where Le Wagon stand out, it's a very well structured and crafted program. And it explains how they manage to have anyone learn so much so fast. Their philosophy is learning by doing, and that's also another diferenciating fact about them. You really get your hands dirty and « squeeze » your brain. The last 2 weeks are devoted to a project which teaches you how to work in team and release a functional project in only ten days. Some of my teammates are still working on the project that is turning into a startup called numooh. Check it out! Two months after I finished the course I’ve been involved in some freelancing dev for a nice French startup and just got hired in another major startup here in Brazil. (Gympass, the netflix of gym club :) So, in my opinion, if you seriously want to dive into this world with a solid understanding of what’s going on. You should consider Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"After working 10 years at Apple in various roles from finance, operations and sales I realised how little I knew about the tech side of the business and decided to take on the challenge of learning how to code. Following discussions with friends and reviews... Read More online I joined the first batch of Le wagon in London (batch#36) this summer.I'm still amazed by the amount of information that we managed to cover in only 9 weeks, these were probably the fastest 9 weeks of my life !! I went from not knowing what css was to being able to code an MVP in 2 weeks. In my view it's important to join and be part of a community rather than any course, as this will give you access to an amazing amount of content and great people, during and after your course and this is exactly what the wagon is, a great community.Read Less",le-wagon
"It took me two years to pluck up the courage to quit my job to do a coding course. I was working for a design agency in London and although I knew early on that building websites was what I wanted to do – forfeiting a steady income to learn how to do... Read More it was a hard decision. As I became increasingly frustrated with outsourcing our designs to freelance coders (where the brief was rarely met and almost always past the deadline), I decided to take the plunge. I put a lot of time into researching, speaking with and visiting the various universities and coding bootcamps and Le Wagon came out top. One of Le Wagon's most appealing aspects was the perfect balance of lectures, self-learning and pair-programming. Some courses rely heavily on lectures (where I would have most definitely lost concentration) and others solely on pair-programming and self-learning (where I would have fallen behind). An hour and a half's lecture each morning gave us a proper introduction to the topic of the day and a good understanding to be able to tackle the pair-programming that followed ('buddying’ up with a classmate and working through problems together). At the end of each day ‘live code’ either consolidated what was learnt that day, revisited areas students had difficulty with or introduced a new topic ready for the next day. This structure was brilliant as it not only taught us to work as a team with a new person each day, the lectures either side kept concentration levels high and, as a result, in two months of 9am-7pm there wasn’t a single moment in which I wanted to leave early or take some time out.Le Wagon appealed to each student's reasons for being on the course – whether you enrolled to learn to build websites in general (like me), or to develop and build one particular idea, or of course to learn to code in preparation for working in the newest tech start-up / taking over the coding world. We were taught in such a way that each of us could work to our strengths and with the incredible daily support from tutors and assistants, and indeed fellow classmates, I don't think anyone ever felt like they were drowning. I knew I was never going to be the best in the class at the ‘back-end’ side of things, essential as they are, but I knew if I could understand how it all worked together that my ‘front-end’ design skills would prevail. Since finishing in September, I have been freelancing building websites for businesses – everyone I meet seems to want a website or knows someone who does. Working for myself has been a life-long dream and after only two projects I paid for the course that got me here. The daunting prospect of going it alone has been made infinitely easier by Le Wagon’s amazingly tight community and incredible resource of lectures, guidelines and live-recordings from the course, which I will have access to for as long as I am coding.Read Less",le-wagon
"Why did I choose Le Wagon coding bootcamp in Copenhagen?My background:I’m a classically trained “corporate ninja” within the disciplines of business administration and marketing. Since the world is becoming more and more digital I wanted to add digital... Read More skills to my tool belt. More specifically I wanted to learn how a digital product is developed from scratch and how the development process is organized. I researched options for coding schools that would offer short-term coding courses but they were based abroad and I was looking for a “local” solution. When I found out that Le Wagon was opening here in Copenhagen Denmark I knew I had to join. Hence I enrolled in the 9-week bootcamp in summer of 2016.Why Le Wagon:I did a lot of research on Le Wagon prior to joining it. What really sets Le Wagon apart from the rest is the entrepreneurial focus: you get the chance to develop your own product and think like an entrepreneur. This was a perfect match with my business background, since it was building on top of my existing knowledge base as well as expanding into unknown territories (well, hello coding!). Having a full stack curricullum that takes back-end as well as front-end into account was exactly the combination I was looking for with my zero skills in coding. Furthermore my research also showed that Le Wagon was highly recommended and scored very well on ratings. That’s why I chose it.The bootcampI was part of the very first Copenhagen batch of Le Wagon. One word that sums of the whole 9 week experience: excellent! The teaching was great since we had people who were professional developers and knew exactly what they were talking about. The teachers were highly competent and professional. Not only were we presented to new knowledge every day, we learnt how to apply it to exercises that were really challenging - but strengthened our understanding of the concepts. Every day you built up your skills brick by brick. The first 6 weeks really gave you the necessary skill set and was the best prep for the last stretch of the bootcamp: two major projects in the remaining 3 weeks. We created our own Airbnb clone ( platform was similar) while the second was our own app idea. Being able to go from having absolutely no coding skills to create sites that actually look like something worthwhile is quite cool. You literally see how much you progress every week and that just motivates you keep on learning and coding. Besides all the new knowledge the social aspect is just as good. These 9 weeks are probably the most challenging you experience but the social aspect of it makes it even more worthwhile. You have a lot of fun during these 9 weeks. Even after 12 hours of coding every day we would go out for burgers or beers in the evening. And we stil meet even after the bootcamp is over because you are Le Wagon buddies for life (we really are!) ProsYou learn a lot in 9 weeks. The amount of knowledge you get in these 9 weeks is massive. But you also learn to apply the knowledge in an actual, practical sense. You start viewing and evaluating digital solutions that you see everywhere. Copenhagen. It’s a beautiful city that’s really open and young. Give it a try. You will love the biking and social life of the city.Start of your coding journey. You really get a solid foundation to learn even more after the bootcamp is done. You understand how a digital product is developed. Although the projects of the bootcamp are of miniature-scale the core methods of structuring the development processes are the same in the real world. Reshape your career. Having the digital understanding as above mentioned makes you even more interesting for a future employer. I can vouch for this because it led to my new job within IT project management. The social aspect. You have a lot fun while your brain is frying because of all the new concepts it’s trying to absorp. ConsYou learn a lot in 9 weeks. At times you would lose track of which concepts you covered in the previous week because there is a lot to cover. I recommend that by end of each day you reflect on the key concepts you learnt. Not for the faint-hearted. Learning how to code is challenging. At times you will feel frustrated because you just aren’t getting it. It’s important that you come with an open mind and accept that sometimes it takes a bit more time for you to learn it. But eventually you will.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've been interested in computers and technology since I was young, but I never had the push or guidance to actually start coding. I played around with some less technical stuff and loved it, but decided to study social work. A move abroad to Denmark... Read More made it hard to continue in my previous line of work, so I thought it was the perfect time to dive head first into coding. It just so happened that the first batch of Le Wagon Copenhagen was a few months away, so I committed.Le Wagon Copenhagen was on of the best experiences of my life. I quickly realized that there so many factors that can affect an experience as intense as this. The fact that you are spending so many hours a day with the same people, curriculum, and teachers learning something that feels unfamiliar and abstract is demanding. Le Wagon is great because it meets all of these challenges. The curriculum is great, the teaching informative, and most importantly, the environment is positive and supportive.At Le Wagon, you learn so much in 9 weeks. While Le Wagon does have a strong focus on teaching the skills for entrepreneurs to pursue their business ideas (you even pitch app ideas, vote on them, and then build them), there is a lot of flexibility in what you can focus your time and energy on. For example, you can really dig into more advanced concepts like sorting algorithms and metaprogramming, but if that sound boring, you can spend time on many other things like UX, design, or wireframing.This course really is for everyone. Whether you've never done coding, you want to build your own app, or you've tried to learn coding and feel stuck, Le Wagon will help you with whatever tech direction you want to go. Also, Le Wagon has done a tremendous job of creating a consistent level of rigor and quality in all of its cities, and Copenhagen is no exception.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon, I was a student at the University of Warwick studying History. I enjoyed my degree, but wanted to learn a new skill which had practical applications in the workplace. Around the same time, my friend and I had an idea for a car-sharing... Read More application targeted towards university students. Our aim was to link drivers and passengers via a two-sided marketplace. We quickly realised that, in order to build our application, we would have to outsource the coding or learn ourselves. We decided the better long-term decision, in addition to the obvious personal development benefits meant we needed to learn how to code ourselves. A quick google search and telegraph article of the top-ten coding schools in London later, I had applied to Le Wagon. The course, and particularly the teachers, were incredible. The intensive program means that you gain immediate and meaningful knowledge, whilst the teachers are more than willing to dedicate their time to help you learn more.I was very impressed by the speed at which people are able to learn coding, when given a wealth resources and supportive peers. Being able to code a full application, from scratch, within two weeks is a fantastic achievement Even though my short-term aspiration is join the British Army in January, I felt that Le Wagon was an opportunity I could not miss. Le Wagon has convinced me to take a development job, after the Army.The aspect of coding I like the most is how logical the process is. Whilst it can be incredibly frustrating when a bug refuses to disappear, you can be certain that if you follow the error message and apply logical reasoning, the issue will emerge.I also discovered how great Le Wagon community is, which is another reason to join this great bootcamp. The post course community is close family constantly helping and sharing info.Read Less",le-wagon
"Hi! My name is Manou, I've finished La Wagon fullstack challenge one month ago. If you're wondering, this formation is more than just a formation, it's a life experience. I've been a Motion Designer for 3 years and I felt like I was bored. I was in a... Read More need to learn something new. I was in a need to start something new.I took my chance and following advices from former students I know, I applied. This is one of the best move I could have make. I enjoyed 9 weeks of pure radness. I learn how to learn. Even better, I learn how to like learning. I wish my high school teachers would have done the same. In the same time, when you're at Le Wagon you're like part of a very cosmopolitan family which will do whatever it takes to make you reach your full potential. As I said previously, Le Wagon is a life experience. What now?I've joined as a front-end developer a 30 members dev team in a French startup which just raised 8M€. I'm now surrounding by crazy vibes and amazing people who know how to dream on. I can say I'm happy coding every day among them. I still can't believe I achieve this in only 9 weeks.Cherry on top, I can go back to Le Wagon whenever I have a bit of spare time and can still enjoy the atmosphere of this incredible place where people believed in me.Read Less",le-wagon
"After 9 weeks of intensive Coding at LeWagon Lisbon where HTML, CSS, Ruby, Rails, Postgres SQL and JS ruled our days and nights, it is time to reflect on these hours of concentration, days of smiles, and million of seconds of pure pleasure.From finance... Read More …After a very traditional early career start in finance in Geneva, Switzerland, I had been attracted to the world of Fintech for a while. In the past year, I have been working on new web trends with the wild ambition of leading my current company, a Fintech dating back to 2000s, towards new more modern, 3.0 solutions :) After weeks and months exploring the tech world and its opportunities, my frustration became too big. I told myself how can you be truly effective in Fintech without knowing how to code? It would be a bit like learning how to ski with a sledge. It won’t slide for long.To coding….I did some research, and came across Le Wagon. After reading some reviews and working through Codecademy, my tickets were booked for Lisbon. To be very honest, the first month was really difficult, very challenging. Yet after that, everything started to fall into place. You begin to understand the pieces of this huge puzzle. I cannot tell you the pleasure of seeing your code running for the first time!!! Indeed, I found the content of the course to be of a very high level, it was very demanding but the results were incredible. You really learn the bases of Full stack web development in 9 weeks, and more importantly you learn the mindset of “how to learn quickly and effectively.” After Ruby, SQL, HTML, JS, and getting to know my new friends - Bootstrap and Rails - we kicked off with the 3-weeks of project work. Project week Airbnb was great, because you learn to work quickly and ro develop the application using the open source model and the millions of available gems. Then finally comes the final project. My project was fortunate enough to have been selected by my classmates. In two weeks, we created a game for couples to help them maintain the fun and romance in their love life. www.lovee.io will soon be online if you are looking for ideas for your prince charming. Why Lisbon? Simple - the surf and its booming Fintech environment. Back to Fintech I can say with sincerity that Le Wagon can help you achieve your goals of becoming a Tech Entrepreneur. I'm leaving in a few days to return to Lisbon for 10 days of intense coding in order to create our first Fintech prototype, a personal assistant for your investments. On the schedule: APIs, JavaScript, AJAX ... which would have not been feasible without Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le Wagon I was trying to learn programming on my own. For me, code is one of the few things that gives that amazing ability to create whatever you want - you just need a computer and an internet connection to start. With that said, it’s not an... Read More easy task, it takes resilience and a lot of patience. I have an engineering background and I can tell you that I learned so much. The teaching method is really well structured. You walk away with a very robust set of skills that you know how to improve upon after the bootcamp, and that’s really what you hope for in a two month course like this. The teachers are experts are extremely competent and know the material from front to back. And after staying with the same people everyday for 2 months it’s impossible to not make very good friends that as an upside share the same passion as you.Our final project was an online payment solution for freelancers. It basically secured a clients payment and released it when the job was done. It was unthinkable for me before Le Wagon that you could build an MVP from scratch, like that, in just two weeks.Since the bootcamp, I have stayed in touch with the majority of my classmates and ended up joining another project with 5 other alumni from my batch. This time it’s a combination of web development and energy production. We are being accelerated by the major energy company in Portugal (EDP). It is amazing what you can do with people that share your passion and have the same interests.For me, Le Wagon turned out to be the best investment. After just a few months out, it already created many opportunities. I highly recommend it.Good luck!Read Less",le-wagon
"While most people dream of becoming a doctor, a policeman or a lawyer, when they are younger, I was dreaming of being part of a Startup. When I started studying in business school, I spent hours per week reading all sorts of books, articles, blogs and... Read More online courses to acquire a tech culture. I wanted to be able to understand the whys and whereforesof this environment. After one year I had studied the upper layer, I had a strong feeling that something was missing. Indeed, in order to fully understand this environment, I needed to study the technical layer. Therefore, as usual, I naively began on my own by consulting articles to solve the mystery of startup’s products! I decided to browse resumes of emblematic characters of the Tech industry. I came to the conclusion that a significant portion of them have in their backgrounds technical skills.Since I have a curious mind and I am always eager to learn, I enrolled during my summer vacation @LeWagon Coding Bootcamp. I graduated from Le Wagon one month ago, and it was the best jump forward I have ever done, certainly the most valuable decision for a business student who is passionate about Tech. My expectations were high concerning the Full stack Program. With very ambitious goals when it came to my skills before Le Wagon, and I have not been disappointed even more.A CHALLENGING WORK ENVIRONMENT'Le Wagon full stack program for entrepreneurs’ is a 9 intensive weeks program. The goal is to build an MVP during the last two weeks. But if you expect knowledge and techniques to be brought to you on a silver plate like the way thing are taught at school, you are delusional; coding is about learning how to learn. Le Wagon’s team do it with faultless functioning. They designed a program in a way to make learning more attractive and straightforward, both within their platform and the day to day courses. The range of resources and tools built in-house fit our needs and are always up to date.The hard skills you learn are relevant and straightforward. You learn the core concepts of the web development with an approach that tends to reach an operational autonomy. You will be able to deal with API, frameworks, database, collaboration tool like Github and many other.The learning speed is high and the time flies out when you are in front of your computer 10 hours per day, it can be disconcerting at first. For my part it was, but you become right away addict. The funny thing is that the staff can be disconcerting too regarding their full beliefs and trust in the program. Their faith in your success comes from the program itself. I was skeptical, but it is only at the end of your 9 weeks that you can realize that they were right.A GAME CHANGER EXPERIENCEFirst of all, I think that one of the main strengths of Le Wagon is stakeholders who gravitate around them and their network in the Parisian startup ecosystem. Most of the people I met share a positive mindset, a sharing spirit with a contagious motivation. The mix of ages, backgrounds, and meetups allow a real exchange between people. As a young man, I learned every day from the sharing spirit of my buddies, teachers and persons who are in the co-working space. The apprenticeship is not limited to learning technical skills with best practices because learning how to code is about developing your developer mindset. It is through this mindset that you reach a real operational autonomy. An important part of the pedagogy is learning how to search for the correct info, methods, techniques, services. This is a key to understand better coding culture and be able to make progress. Now when an idea comes through my mind or when I scroll the web, I immediately try to think in terms of components and technical issues, which makes me more pertinent and pragmatic. I discover a product driven way of thinking and tackling web products.Although Le Wagon paves me the way for further areas of work, all the information you learn during the Bootcamp can be reviewed, improved. For that reason, the master word is practice. So actually I try to improve what I have learned on a freelance project. Once again when you are stuck, you can count on Le Wagon community. The community is very active, alumnus, teachers constantly pull together to deal with code issues or to share quality information and resources. When I read the Slack of the community, I always feel the urge to go broad and develop my skills; there is a spreading emulation.In a word Le Wagon afford me an overall framework regarding web products analysis and workflow. My lack of tech skills is not a barrier anymore; it became a strength. I know that there is now a before and an after Bootcamp, nothing will ever be the same again.Read Less",le-wagon
"Why I joined Le Wagon?3 years ago I discovered the startup world. Since then, I have worked in the 3D printing industry in Cambodia, I have organized two startup contests, and I have been absorbed by the startup universe. But I didn’t feel I would be... Read More able to set up my own startup. Something was missing. I had a lot of ideas, but I had trouble knowing if they were technically feasible, finding a developer to work with. In fact I always had a good reason not to launch one.One day, a friend of mine talked about Le Wagon, a bootcamp for entrepreneurs to become a smart coder. It sounded great. After that, for sure I would be able to turn ideas into business. So I decided to take the best decision of my life.9 weeks of pure happinessSo I joined Le Wagon Paris this summer for a 9-week intensive coding bootcamp. It was cool, very cool. Every day in a very nice atmosphere you learn something new, you discover new people and you become better. The best is that after only 3 weeks you are able to create concrete things like a race game or a static website. It is really intensive so you need to be in tip top shape and focus on your 9 weeks but this is worth it. Teachers are amazing, lessons and exercises are amazing, people who are programming around you are amazing. To be honest I won’t be able to criticize someting at Le Wagon.Now what? The best is after!Since the end of the bootcamp, I code everyday. It's like a drug, I can’t stop myself. I have started learning how to create android app, google extension, and launched a startup with 3 others Le Wagon bootcampers. My roomate becomes crazy because I am always coding. I have the feeling that now everything is possible. Any idea could be a startup, a concrete project. My dream is to take a gap year to travel all around the world. Now this is possible, I can do that and make money by coding, I am free. Imagine, you can work from the beach in Brazil, Thailand or Australia, not so bad, right?I ended my review here, because it’s time to code!Thank you Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was Marketing Manager in a tech startup during 4 years. Every day, I was working with developers but I could not understand what they were really doing. This was frustrating… But unfortunately I had no time to learn to code. It turns out that I quit... Read More my job in Paris to move to HK. This was the perfect time to attend Le Wagon!This experience gave me plenty of energy. It was stimulating. Really. You meet new passionate and creative people. It changes from your high-school friends you see every week :wink: Le Wagon widens your scope, give you desire to undertake great projects. For me, it was the perfect ""break"" between 2 jobs.Today, I have much more confidence when applying for tech companies. I can now get Product Manager position, which was really hard without any tech background. I strongly recommend Le Wagon, whether you want to find a dev position or aspiring to a new job in the tech industry.Read Less",le-wagon
"I finished Le Wagon's 9-week intensive program in Paris in September 2016. My background had literally nothing to do with coding -- I studied Music and Psychology at university, and went to on to get a TEFL certificate and teach English as a Second Language.... Read More After 3-4 years of teaching, I knew I wanted a change of pace, but wasn't sure exactly what that might be. I wasn't prepared to go back to university for a 2-year Masters degree in Psychology or anything else; I had enjoyed the flexibility I got from teaching English and didn't want to give that up. My husband was/is a passionate developer who works at home, so I decided to see what programming was all about. I spent the better part of a year trying to teach myself to code with some great online resources, and really enjoyed it. Although I learned a lot, working full-time and a lack of structure/progression to my studies prevented me from making the progress I was hoping to see. That's when I decided to give up my job and enroll in a full-time programming bootcamp. I had heard great things and read great reviews online about Le Wagon before attending, and I wasn't disappointed with my experience. Le Wagon creates an amazing atmosphere from Day 1. You really feel like you've become part of a special community of people - people who are fun, smart, driven, and creative. Many people who attend Le Wagon are hopeful start-up CEOs (and some already successful!), who want to understand code just enough to get an idea off the ground and someday manage a development team; my goal was more straightforward. I just wanted to learn how to code and become a developer myself.The curriculum at Le Wagon is really first class. They have found a way to teach you all of the important practical skills you'll need to make a web application, while cutting out unnecessary/theoretical computer science concepts. The idea is to get you up to speed and capable of creating an MVP version of an application and/or an employable junior Ruby developer as quickly as possible. And they certainly succeed in doing that.The teachers at Le Wagon are extremely knowledgeable, passionate, and approachable. Although it is an intense program, it is very manageable with the support of both the teachers and the teacher assistants. The structure of each day also makes it manageable: morning lecture -- pair programming (with a classmate and the support of teachers and TAs) -- lunch break -- more pair programming -- 'live code' (where the class comes together again to work through some challenges together). The days are long (9am - 7pm) but really fly by! Another huge bonus is the online access to courses and exercises. Although in theory you don't need to spend any time outside of class doing homework or preparing for the next day, if you ever feel like you need some extra practice, all of the lectures (video recordings from previous groups) and exercises are available through the online platform. I found it particularly helpful to watch the video lecture the night before so that the material wasn't 100% new the next morning. Some of the concepts took a while to understand, so experiencing the lecture twice was so helpful. All in all, I consider Le Wagon a very polished bootcamp. They've had quite a number of 'batches' (as they call them), and the program is refined after each group. The people running the program are warm, friendly, professional individuals, who will help you to achieve your goal, whatever it may be. I highly recommend this program to anyone thinking about doing a bootcamp. I was very happy with my experience at Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"My name is Oscar and I finished Le Wagon a few weeks ago in Paris. It was a true life changer.Just to give you a bit of background, I worked 4 years in the oil &amp; gas exploration industry, as a strategy consultant. Basically, I was advising CEOs on their... Read More exploration strategy.I decided to quit my job and start my own company, a web application to help influencers monetize their communities. After a few weeks in the process, I found out that knowledge in web development would be essential in the success of my company. Friends and relatives told me about Le Wagon and I decided to apply. I wanted to be able to code beta versions or MVPs, work efficiently with developers and understand the full landscape of web development.Le Wagon gave me all those abilities in 9 weeks. The program is quite intense and you learn fast. After a few weeks, you start to understand the big picture as well as being able to code a web app using Ruby on Rails. The last weeks of the program are super efficient as you are working in teams to ship out a high quality project!I am now working on the beta version of my website (check it out on www.aulo.io) and launching the business very soon!I gained critical knowledge thanks to Le Wagon and I am now fully prepared to launch my web application business!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was part of the first Le Wagon London cohort, batch #36 summer 2016.I don't have a computer science degree or computer background. I don't have any formal tech training. I have worked as a freelance graphic designer and run my own business for many... Read More years, learning to build websites by working my way through various online courses. So I could handle html, css and a little php. Learning online was ok, it helped me discover my inner geek, which now unleashed, has me addicted to coding. But, and this is a big BUT, these courses always left me feeling frustrated. When you work alone you can be left with 101 questions in your head, ""Am I doing this right?"", ""Is there a better way to write this code?"", and 3 days of hair pulling staring at the dreaded white screen of death trying to troubleshoot the missing ';' in your code. Yet there is no-one to ask.Then I had an idea for an app, and together with my two co-founders, we knew we had to find something more. We'd researched the idea, we'd tested the market and we knew we had something, but feedback from potential investors was that they wanted to see a technical lead on the founding team. I was asked why wasn't I that person if I could build a website? I should be building the app. Fair point. So I started looking to see how I could step up to that challenge and hit our next milestone of building an mvp in-house. Online learning alone wouldn't cut it. When I came across Le Wagon, it was a no brainer. I went to a couple of meetup groups first to see how they work and it was impressive. The genuine passion and enthusiasm the teaching staff have for coding and programming is infectious. I signed up for the 9 weeks and it was without doubt the best decision to push our bootstrapped startup forward. In fact it's like adding rocket fuel to your idea.I won't say it's easy. At the beginning the challenges are tough. It's called a bootcamp for a reason. But as a class you grow. With guidance and mentorship from the teaching staff you help each other, you learn from each other. Being part of such a widely diverse group of international students of all age ranges, cultures and working backgrounds was really inspiring. Standing up on stage to demo our newly built mvp is the best buzz. To be able to achieve that in just 9 weeks is a credit the high calibre of the teaching staff. So what have I come away with? I now feel confident to discuss the continuing development of our mvp with other developers and I can work in a team. I have access to a huge bank of video lectures I can refer back to. Gone are the days of scratching my head in silence, I know have a community I can ask for help. In fact, I have some fellow alumni from the batch working with me on our project after the course. When we are ready to hire, Le Wagon will be my first stop. And I can now put 'Technical Lead' with pride on my team slide.I will continue to work on the mvp in-house to take us to public launch, become investment ready and prepare for our first technical hire. The mvp was presented at a trade show just two weeks after demo day and already has traction. I was also invited to speak on Sky News to share my positive experience of breaking into the London Tech scene as a woman. Best of all, just one month later, we are finalists in the Appsters Award for 2016 in two categories. That, is the true power of Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"From entrepreneur..I have always felt like an entrepreneur. That's why I joined one of the best business school in Europe. At the end of my studies, I tried to launch my first start-up but quickly failed, partly because of a lack of technical skills.... Read More In order to be autonomous for my future projects, I knew I needed to learn to code. So, I decided to join Le Wagon.To fullstack developer and digital nomadIn 2 months, supported by a wonderful team, I acquired enough skills to build all my projects, and, as important for me, I made a lot of creative and talented friends! I still have a lot to learn (you never stop learning as a developer) but I am now confident enough to do it by myself. I enjoyed coding so much that I decided to become a fullstack freelance developer for at least few years while building some of my own side projects. At the same time, as I can work from wherever I want, I will travel a lot. I am flying to Thailand next month For me, Le Wagon was the experience of a lifetime and I strongly recommend you to join! Have a look to superfestival.fr to see what you can build after 2 monthsRead Less",le-wagon
"Having just completed 9 weeks at Le Wagon I would like to describe my experience before and after Le Wagon. I started coding at six years old on an Atari 1200 and hobby coded ever since. Since leaving school I completed my mechanical and electrical degree... Read More training with Volvo UK. When I finished that course I moved onto pilot training. I completed it in 2008 including flight instructor training of which I am one of the very few qualified aerobatic instructors in the UK. I work various jobs in aviation for 14 years including test flying, airline and air ambulance flights. Life in flying is amazing but I really wanted to do something more secure without the added uncertainty. Given I loved coding and had programmed some visual basic programs for aerospace companies, as well as flying, I decided tech was the way forward. I am a person that tends to plan everything methodically so I started to investigate my options in London. Having been a flight instructor for the last 14 years it was important for me to find somewhere that had a well defined syllabus, study platform and teaching techniques. For me Le Wagon had all of this in place as well as a proven track record across the world. During the course I have to say my expectations were more than met. We pair program from the very start, which is considered very important in the tech industry. The syllabus was relevant, the platform was very user friendly, the teaching techniques reminded me very much of the teaching in aviation, which has taken over 50 years to perfect, but also the system of being able to ask for help and receiving assistance very quickly. This in itself is part of the learning process. The course is tough going but then it is not called a bootcamp for nothing! In the last two weeks of the course we worked in teams to design and create an MVP. In a team of 3 we created a system to help with social housing and it was completed and live by the time of demo day, an amazing feat. Since the course I feel a much more able coder and now have the knowledge and ability to complete my own projects of which I have completed one on my own in 14 days which is also in production. I have also left with a new sense of confidence which allows me to conduct professional developer telephone interviews. Le Wagon really give you a cutting edge and teaches you to work hard and really want to succeed in whatever you do.Read Less",le-wagon
"Fresh out of engineering school, I felt the need to dive into web development before I went to do anything else. After discovering the program through articles on Techcrunch during my studies and amazing reviews on Quora, I decided to apply for their... Read More first batch in London. The program has really surpassed all my expectations. I entered with very basic web design notions and left with strong knowledge of many technologies and languages (HTML, CSS, JS, Ruby, Rails, SQL, jQuery, Git, Heroku, React). You get to apply what you learn though developing in groups two web services: an AirBnb clone as well as your own project towards the end of the course. The best part of Le Wagon is you meet a lot of new people from various background, all being very motivated and envious to dive deep into Web development. But even better than that, you will always be part of Le Wagon's family and network. I was part of batch 36 in London and can testify to the technical competency of the teachers as well as the hospitality of the supporting staff. I strongly recommend this program to anyone even slightly interested in web development, after a careers change or at the start of your career.Read Less",le-wagon
"First of all, for the past few years, I have discovered a real passion for web development. I wanted to start a business in the app industry and I had an idea of web application. So I decided to visit a friend who worked at Le Wagon at this time. I pitched... Read More him the global idea of the app. He liked it. So he took his computer and started to program. Just like that. I was impressed.However, things didn't go as planned because we didn't « speak the same language ». He didn't understand my wishes. For instance, I asked him to change a button's color but for him it was not the main focus. He spoke about API, back-end but I didn't get a word.After few weeks of disputes, we stopped and I started learning HTML and CSS online during almost 6 months. That was cool but not enough at all. No back-end, no business logic. So I finally joined Le Wagon this summer which is a 9-week intensive coding bootcamp. I learned ruby, Ruby On rails, Sinatra and all the essential concepts and tools that a developer needs to know: GitHub, git, SQL, HTML5, CSS3, Heroku and advanced concepts of Javascript and jQuery.It was hard, very hard. It's a choice you make if you plan to join Le Wagon: during 9 weeks, you think hard but that's the only way to learn ""no pain, no gain"". And after that, if you are really committed, you become powerful. You can start a business on your own. That's the magic.Since the end of the bootcamp, I code everyday. It's like a drug, I code some apps where I implement all stuff I learnt (that's huge).Coding alone in his bedroom is fun for a time. Now, I really want to improve even more my developer's skills so I started applying to some jobs in startups. I have an answer every single day. That's the second Le Wagon's magic.Brice Tessier Huort - Batch 30 - ParisHigher project =&gt; http://www.higher.business/Read Less",le-wagon
"Géophysicien fraîchement diplômé, je me suis tout d'abord confronté au dur monde des salariés où j'y est perdu quelques plumes. J'ai vite aspiré à autre chose. N'ayant que deux certitudes, trouver un métier qui me plaît et travailler à mon compte, ma... Read More première idée a été de monter un bureau d'étude en modélisation des phénomènes géophysiques. Cependant, bien que passionné des nouvelles technologies, mes connaissances en informatiques n'étaient clairement pas suffisantes et pour mener à bien ce projet, l'aide d'un informaticien me semblait, à l'époque, indispensable. Être bien accompagné était une chose, mais ce n'était pas tout, fallait il encore que je puisse communiquer avec lui et comprendre ce qu'il ferait.J'ai donc cherché une formation en informatique courte et diversifiée. Après quelques recherches Le Wagon semblait parfaitement correspondre à mes attentes. La prochaine session se déroulait à Bordeaux. Je me suis donc inscrit et c'était parti ! … Enfin pas tout à fait. Pour pouvoir être admissible, un petit examen d'entrée est nécessaire. Il faut faire une suite d'exercices d'initiation à la programmation et un entretien avec l'un des responsables. Je précise cette petite étape car elle a pris à mes yeux tous son sens par la suite. En effet, elle a permit de cibler le public de la formation et de n'avoir à ses côtés (quasiment) que des gens motivés, capables et ayant les ressources nécessaires pour finir la formation dans les meilleures conditions. Autrement dit, une fois cette petite formalité passée, la bonne ambiance était assurée dès le départ de la gare !Heureusement car nous avons passé 9 semaines, 8h par jours (est souvent plus) tous ensemble à 27. Pas la peine de vous dire que l'expérience humaine a été fantastique ! Je sais pas si la promo Bordeaux 31 était plus exceptionnelle que d'autres mais moi je l'ai trouvée géniale. Je pense en être ressorti avec de vrais amis, aussi bien chez les élèves, que chez les enseignants. Une communauté solide et une vraie solidarité se sont créées. La partie technique n'est pas en reste. On entre en espérant ressortir avec un bagage suffisant pour pouvoir communiquer avec le cercle fermé des informaticiens et dès le premier mois on commence à rêver à plus, pour finalement ressortir et se dire que l'on va en faire son métier. Le premier mois est une succession d'ascenseurs émotionnels où l'on se retrouve tantôt à insulter sa machine, tantôt à se congratuler avec son binôme du jour ; frère galérien d'un jour choisi aléatoirement. La difficulté augmente chaque jour pour finir sur des concepts réellement poussés en Ruby. Les « privates jokes » en soirée sont déjà la preuve que vous n'êtes plus le même. Le second mois on touche enfin au web et on travaille sur de vrais projets en équipe sur plusieurs jours. Le dernier projet (des deux dernières semaines) est présenté devant un panel de gens importants dont la famille fait partie. On retrouve alors se petit sentiment, mélange d’excitation et d’angoisse qu'on avait en primaire lors des spectacles de fin d'année. Mais surtout un petit air de nostalgie s'installe car on sait que c'est bientôt fini. Même si à la fin nous sommes fiers du travail accomplis, avouons le, nous ne sommes encore que de petits ados tous juste autonomes, presque indépendants (en tout cas on l'espère). Mais heureusement papa et les tontons ne nous laisse pas tomber. En effet, le corps enseignant s'est vraiment impliqué pendant, mais aussi après ! Et si l'expérience a été aussi cool, c'est en grande partie grâce à eux (Bien-sûr, avant de poser une question, ne pas oublier de RTFM, car souvent y a une gem pour ça...)Et après ...Dès le premier mois de l'expérience, nous avons décidé ma femme, ma fille et moi de nous installer sur Bordeaux. Nous avons eu un vrai coup de cœur pour la ville et la formation y est pour beaucoup. Là encore l'esprit « wagon » nous a réellement mit sur les rails ! Grâce à mes collègues j'ai trouvé un premier taf, un appart pour dépanner, puis un vrai appart, une aide sans faille dans le taf et le reste (déménagement d'un 4ème sans ascenseur inclus) et peut être même des locaux pour travailler. Le wagon m'a littéralement pris et ne m'a plus lâché ! Je pense que l'expression il y a un avant et un après n'a jamais aussi bien porté son nom ! Bref comme disait l'autre, se qui est important ce n'est pas quel train on prend, c'est de le prendre, c'est encore plus vrai quand on monte dans Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
I enrolled in the programme because I needed to understand what a developper was and how they work and mainly catch up the wave of the digital revolution. The Wagon Bordeaux gave me all that and much more It made me understand that anyone one could develop... Read More even the eldest one ;) as long as you are curious and persistant. I highly recommend the Wagon sure it is hard and you will come out of your comfort zone but it is worth it!Read Less,le-wagon
"I finished LeWagon's 9-week bootcamp in Sao Paulo two weeks ago and finally had a little bit of time to reflect on the experience. What follows is a brief account of my time there, what I think I got out of it and why I think people interested in programming,... Read More web/mobile development and entrepreneurship should do it.To put this in context, I will tell you a little bit about myself. I have a economics and finance background but early on decided that I was more interested in entrepreneurship than banking or consulting. My first real professional experience was in Latam, developing a project for nearly 3 years but eventually I got to a point where I no longer had much to learn and decided to take some time off to travel. While travelling I realised that what I enjoyed the most was the product side of business. Whether developing new features client side or thinking about infrastructure and data analysis, I wanted to be a more technical person. I tried learning online and at first I thought I made good progress but as soon as I got passed the easy tutorials and actually wanted to build things I started getting stuck and found it more and more difficult to move forward.After quite a bit of investigating I decided on doing LeWagon's program. I really think I could not have made a better choice. The program has the right balance between theory and practice but what really made the difference were the great teachers and TA's at your disposal so you never got stuck for long and could keep learning at a fast pace.The group of students also really contributed to the experience. Bright people from diverse backgrounds and the format of the course allowed us to really create a bond and learn from each other. The bootcamp at LeWagon allowed me to really dive into the world of code and gave me the tools to keep on learning. Now, I am working as a Product Manager for an Android app and the foundations that I learnt at LeWagon are what made it possible.So whether you want to be a web or mobile developer, a product manager or a tech entrepreneur, whether you are interested in data, backend or design, LeWagon is for you. You will jump start into all these fields, put them all together to see how they fit and will learn how to teach yourself whatever you want to learn.Read Less",le-wagon
"I read a cool article (https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/coding-schools-new-mbas-mathieu-le-roux) a while back, about how coding schools are the new MBAs. Just to be clear, I've never liked the idea of an MBA, especially in Brazil where I think they're really... Read More shallow in their coverage of key topics, instead aiming to attend all types of backgrounds, and in so doing attending none of them fully.So, I thought long and hard on that, and wanted to really learn something, make my brain work in a way that it wasn't used to. So I stalked the author of that article, Mat Le Roux (https://www.linkedin.com/in/matleroux), who had quite a CV on him, and seemed like he knew what he was talking about, and seemed to be saying the same thing that I was thinking.Looking at his profile, I saw that Le Wagon was launching in Brazil and that coding really would be something new for my brain, unlike seeing discounted cash flows for the nth time.After a quick talk with Mat at Le Wagon, São Paulo, I decided to take the plunge, and try go from zero to coder in nine months weeks. The catch line was brave on their part, I didn't believe it really, I even thought they'd paid people to write these reviews, it's impossible that everybody only says good great things about Le Wagon. So I paid to see. And am glad that I did.Classes start at 09:00 everyday, and involve two hours of learning the key concepts of web development. From ruby (and programming in general) basics like loops, to APIs and ReactJS. These classes are followed by brain breaking tasks during the rest of the day with your buddy based on those principles, luckily the teachers, and teaching assistants are there when you need a hand.I'm not going to write everything down here, you can check out the program here if you want a deeper view.All-in-all, I'm extremely satisfied with the outcome, the last four weeks, me and my buddies put up two great projects, Doacare and NuMooh, the latter of which we're building out as our own little startup.So, I highly recommend Le Wagon, or any course where you can find a team as dedicated as theirs to getting you to this level with confidence.Read Less",le-wagon
"A little heads up on my background, I am a trained engineer and spent 5 years in one of the biggest construction company with a very comfortable position, the kind of position that gets you sleepy up until you retire. No stimulation, no meaning, no adventure.... Read MoreSo I decided to stop the brainwashing routine of Subway / Job / Sleep and leave for another life where retirement is not the Holy Grail, the kind of life Gary Vaynerchuck describes in “Crush it”. YOU ARE the only captain on board, no one should decide how to run your life but you!It was not an easy decision, you always know what you lose, and never what you’ll get for sure. But if, like myself, you’ve always been passionate about innovation, discovery, creating stuff, travelling, with a geeky side and a knack for new challenges, look no further, Le Wagon Brasil is just for you! Of course you’ll need a little money on the side, the program is not free, but far from expensive if compared with the value you’ll get, trust me.Le Wagon is an awesome bootcamp as other reviews will tell you, but why make it in Brazil? First, you need to know how amazing Brazil is as a country and a culture. Awesome weather, beaches accessible every weekend from São Paulo, and an extremely welcoming culture of people willing to make you fall in love with a lifestyle full of music, churrasco and optimism. Yes the country can be dangerous, but no, you are not going to be attacked on every street corner.I could not tell you why you should join Le Wagon in Europe, but I can tell you why do it in Brazil. The team is really awesome, the teachers are passionate, with true pedagogical skills and the overall atmosphere is the right combination of motivation and fun. That’s how the magic works. I had no previous coding experience and in the last 2 weeks, I could create this (http://www.calendr.io). Even if I didn’t speak Portuguese, I had online videos accessible during the morning masterclasses and as everyone speaks English in the team, I could ask anything anytime I needed it. And since 80% of your time is devoted to building stuff, I ended up asking a lot of questions about what I could do… What’s next? I’ll be sticking around in Brazil to improve my Portuguese for sure. But thanks to Le Wagon’s network I heard about an opportunity to work as a developer in Jusbrasil, a startup of Salvador in the promising legal space. The company just received a massive investment from Peter Thiel’s Founders Fund and as I flew there on a weekend for an interview, they gave me a chance to join their team based on my bootcamp curriculum. I still have a lot to learn for sure but one thing I know for sure is that I won’t have many conversations about retirement there :)Read Less",le-wagon
"Coming from a business background, I founded a crowdfunding startup during my final year in business school. At that time, I was spending lots of time writing specs and user stories for the developer company we were working with. Our relationships with... Read More their developers were great but each product iteration was way too long. For this reason, I decided to get more involved in product development by joining Le Wagon. The skills I acquired enabled me to challenge developers and introduce a lot of good practices into our workflow and development process.The program has two key strengths:- A very demanding curriculum that teaches in-depth programming basics and software architecture- A very hands-on approach focusing on product development's methodology and workflow (heroku, git, etc.)I feel like the coding bootcamp industry in Europe is getting crowded. Le Wagon main strength lies in its solid program that teaches both essential technical skills and a strong product mindset.Read Less",le-wagon
"I completed my studies in one of the tops french business school in Paris (ESCP). After five years of business school I decided to start my own company but I figured out quickly that I was massively lacking technical skills. I didn’t know how to work... Read More with a developer and had literally no idea on where to get started to build my product. So I just bought a few books and put myself at work. While I was starting my coding journey I attended a few workshops from Le Wagon which helped me a lot to grasp basic but essential concepts. I found the team very talented at explaining technical things and the program really appealing so I decided to apply too the nine weeks bootcamp. The curriculum had very high standards and everyone (students and teachers alike) were really involved into it. I met a lot of great people during the class and 2 years after graduating from the bootcamp I’m still in touch with most of them. After nine weeks of learning there was no way for me to go back into a business school oriented job, I wanted to code, and nothing else. Thanks to le Wagon CTO I found a I started a job the week after the end of the bootcamp. That’s how my professional coding journey got started. Since then I’ve worked for two other companies. Le Wagon gave me the skills I needed to get legit as a junior developper, create values for the companies I’ve worked for and keep on improving my skills at breakneck speed.In addition to pure technical skills, le Wagon also provides strong guidelines and best practices that helped (and still helps) me getting integrated in development teams. The emphasis on code quality and team workflow is really strong, and it turned out to be really really helpful in real life coding experiences (jobs, hackatons, side projects…) Thanks to le Wagon and its team I’m currently a happy developer, alway keen on learning new stuff, and who will probably keep on coding for a few decades at least!Read Less",le-wagon
"In a previous life, I have been a consultant in management and organisation. After almost 6 years in this job, I decided to quit because I wasn’t entirely happy : I was looking for something more concret, and that would make more sens for me. Since I... Read More can remember, I’ve alway though I would become an entrepreneur.At the same time I quit my job, my brother opened a restaurant in Paris. As he did not have a strong management culture, I decided to help him and I took part in the adventure. I built for him a few tools that unable him to have an accurate vision of the restaurant activity. While I was working on these tools and fighting with Excel VBA, I discovered that I liked coding very much.It’s at that time that I heard about Le Wagon. I though it could be a good idea to learn how to make web apps, and see if web development was as exiting as I expected it to be. It would eventually allow me to develop ‘real’ tools for restaurant managers, based on my experience with my brother. And finally, I was really exited about joining a new environment with many entrepreneurs.As soon as the program started, I knew I had made the right choice ! And that impression has never changed.1. the place is great !!2. My fellow student ? they are very different : some are young, some are older, some are still at school, others have children, there are lawyers, journalists, consultants, entrepreneurs, advertisers, accountants, etc. There are even girls !! During the 9 weeks of the bootcamp, thanks to the organisation of the program (every day you have a different buddy and there are many events where we can learn to know each other), we have created very strong relations. 4 months after the end of the program, we still see each other a lot.3. the rhythm is great. Even if a day at Le Wagon lasts 10 hours, it’s build in such a way that it passes really well ! They have found the right balance between theory and practice, and between working alone and in group.4. the teachers are good, they know where to start and where to stop in order to make us progress step by step. Everybody is really pleasant and patient.5. The pedagogic materials are really great. Courses are very well made : the slides are really clear and accurate, and you can access at any time to the video of the morning lecture. The exercices that we work on from 10h30 to 17h30 are challenging et fun.6. The events organized by Le Wagon are really inspiring : great entrepreneurs come and share their experience with us.To summarize, I’d say that when you enter in Le Wagon, you enter in a community. Then, during the 9 weeks, you address many different subjects and the program is really rich. But everything is made to give you the keys to understand all these new concepts and to be able to go further on your own if you want. Finally : it really works, I can testify that after attending the whole cursus, you really are able to create complexe web apps !After Le Wagon and for the last 5 months, I’ve been working on Vendome Society : it’s a new market place where professional jewelers can sell their second hand jewels. I’ve developed the whole platform by myself. I will be launched in September in France. After that, I’ll work as a freelance with a few of my ancient buddies from batch18. Working together enables us to benefit from each other’s network, to help each other and have fun which is very important in every job. At the same time, I’ll work on my own project : building a web service for restaurant managers.Read Less",le-wagon
"I would definitely recommend Le Wagon Brussels: my time there has been a truly transformational experience!Honestly put, I did not expect to harvest so much learnings from these 9 weeks. I came in with the aim of developing a web platform for a non profit... Read More I launched with some friends, as the cost-benefit of taking some weeks off to learn and develop the platform myself outweighted the option to have it developed by an agency/developer.During the bootcamp, I succeeded in going live earlier than expected, having already a fully operational platform by the time of the final demo day (see www.fovento.be).But besides learning the coding skills, what has proven very valuable for me is the entrepreneurial spirit all along the way! I actually quit my job right after the bootcamp, feeling empowered by all this good vibe and the newly acquired skills.Now I'm launching a SaaS company, building heavily on knowledge and capabilities gathered during the bootcamp. This great atmosphere is only made better by the great team running the camp in Brussels. These have been very fun days, like a reminiscence of past erasmus stays abroad :)I strongly recommend Le Wagon Brussels to anyone still hesitating about it - just apply and see for yourself!Read Less",le-wagon
"## How I joined Le WagonI first heard about Le Wagon discussing with my friends about new startup ideas and essentially the frustration of not being able to prototype those ideas myself. One of them told me that I should have a look to Le Wagon. Fortunately... Read More all the requirements / availability were fulfilled and I joined the fullstack program from April to June 2016.## The FullStack programWhat a time I had! 9 weeks of intensive training with a learning curve that I have never experienced before, even coming from one of the best French engineering schools. The methodology and the staff around make this new world of code and web development very pleasant to get into.The curriculum is smart and progressive, and you've got access to a great pedagogical platform with courses' videos and slides. Very convenient to rehearse during evening and weekend, or to watch some courses again after the 9 weeks. The feeling of improvement is continuous along the program. I really feel learning all these skills would have taken me years on my own.Now that I have finished the program, I feel skilled enough to build a first version of any of my ideas (well, let's say 99% of my ideas, because I can have some crazy ideas sometimes!). Whenever I am facing an obstacle there is always the alumni community to help, which is also the great strength of Le Wagon in my opinion.Altogether this makes Le Wagon one of the best and the most valuable experiences in my education.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le WagonAs a product manager in a web startup I was working with developers and had always been dreaming about becoming one. So I was helping them coding a bit of HTML and CSS, sometimes some PHP, but couldn't really get further. As many aspiring... Read More developers, I spent quite some time on various coding MOOCs, but after a few months, kept feeling dissatisfied with my level as I was unable to code anything significant and was lacking a real teaching structure. At that point, I was about to give up my coding aspiration. That's when I heard about ""Le Wagon"" from a friend of mine.Learning @ Le WagonI've just finished batch #24 of Le Wagon two weeks ago. To put it mildly, it's been a life changing experience.When I joined Le Wagon, I had the feeling that I knew a few things about web development, but had no idea how to put them in practice and was feeling totally lost when confronted to the amount of things I had to learn. Therefore, on a given ""learning day"", I would spend a great deal of time just trying to decide what to learn.At Le Wagon, I just went in and focused on the material, completely trusting the program in place and the teachers. What a relief it was just having to focus on learning things. Oh, and the result also was spectacular. The whole teaching program has been structured and organised so that everyone gets home in the evening with a new piece of knowledge. From Ruby to Javascript, to HTML/CSS, and up until Ruby on Rails, everything flows and comes together piece by piece. As for myself, it also allowed me to understand many things I had learnt (but not really understood) on the MOOCs before Le Wagon.Two weeks before the end of the program, just when everything comes together, you start building ""real life"" projects. You reuse everything you've learnt up until now and still catch up with new things along the way. At this point, I think the results speak for themselves, so I let you have a look at the ""demo day"" of these projects : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRUVEoYr6bA (mine was ""Yfebo"", second last in the video).Keep in mind that most of us didn't know a single thing in development two months before that presentation.Last but definitely not least, Le Wagon allows you to meet great people from the staff, to the teaching assistants, to the students. People with a strong desire to learn, build things, improve, start again. And that also in itself is invaluable.After Le WagonI am currently working as a freelance developer mainly for a Saas company (http://www.yusofleet.com/), and my focus for 2016 is to capitalize on the great kickstart I had thanks to Le Wagon, learning new stuff and improving my skills in web development. Six months ago, I would not have believed you if had told me that I would be web developper within 6 months; and although I still have many things to learn, Le Wagon made it possible for me to start that new journey.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was one of the students of the 24th batch of Le Wagon in Paris. After many weeks of search and questions to people having “graduated” from Le Wagon and other bootcamps, I finally took the decision to enrol.It’s probably one of the best professional... Read More decision I’ve taken so far. It enabled me to learn so many things within such a short period of time. I never believed it was possible to learn so much in just 2 months! Their curriculum is extremely fine tuned and we can feel that there has been a lot of iterations to reach such a level. You’re extremely challenged without feeling drowned under too much information.I did Le Wagon not to become a developper, but to add more tools to my Marketer toolbox and to have fun developing small side projects. I strongly believe that this bootcamp is suited for many different profiles: the marketer who wants to be able to communicate with the engineering team, the wannabe entrepreneur who wants to build a MVP to attract technical profiles, the engineer who wants to have a strong web culture, or just someone who wants to build strong foundation to become a junior developper. I’ve probably forgot many other profiles but you get my point.One of the big pluses of Le Wagon is also the people you’ll meet there. So many different backgrounds! This creates a wonderful effervescence.I’d strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone serious about learning great foundations of web development.Have fun!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a consultant for three years and always had this idea at the back of my mind to become a developer. Too bad for me I thought, it takes years and years of laborious studies to become one, right? Well, wrong.Become an autonomous developer in 9 weeks... Read MoreThe program is very well calibrated and allows anyone with any level or prior knowledge to understand the basic concepts at first, and then put it all together during the final weeks and working on projects.You will learn a lot, but don’t be afraid, there is ample time to practice during the day through the exercise platform, which is absolutely fantastic. You will also be paired with a random student which will provide you the opportunity to either learn more from him / her, or learn more helping him / her. And if you get stuck, teachers and teaching assistants are always at your service to help and give you insights.After all this time, you will have benefited from all the best experience you can get, and look back with great pride at what you’ve achieved in 9 weeks.Learn from a truly great staffEveryone at Le Wagon is 100% committed to your success with a level of expertise of the highest standard.The great thing about le Wagon is the entrepreneurial spirit they have been able to create, always ready to talk to you if you have any question regarding Le Wagon, your project or anything else whatsoever.Don’t forget the “apero-talks” with successful entrepreneurs from the real world and a seemingly unlimited amount of beers in the fridgeMeet your amazing fellow studentsThe best part of Le Wagon is the overall community of students: everybody here is motivated, curious and willing to do something out of the ordinary. I have never met so many people from so many different backgrounds.Overall, this was definitely one of the most enriching experiences of my life.If you want tosee for yourself, check out the project I have coded @Le Wagon () during the last 2 weeks with my team (Arthur Vinson and Guillaume Degermann) :http://www.yfebo.comRead Less",le-wagon
"I'm Marina. I've been an advertising copywriter for 8 years (a typically literary profile, zero tech experience). And then I did Le Wagon, and now it's been a year and a half since I've been a fullstack web developer in a nice french startup who has recently... Read More raised several million euros (www.brandandcelebrities.com, come check it out - and we're hiring developers!). Here are some questions I wish someone had answered me before I joined Le Wagon - it would have spared me lots of useless stress.​Can a non technical person become a coder?​The answer is “Sure!” - if he or she wants to. Coding is actually not harder than learning a new language (even easier, if you ask me). When starting Le Wagon, I was a bit worried that coding required some special mathematical talents that I did not possess. Well, the good news is that it doesn't. ​At least at the beginning, common logic, good googling skills, attention to detail will be enough to create a nice-looking website with basic features. And the second piece of good news is that people with communication, marketing or business background usually are pretty good at all those things.​If your ambition is to recode Google - that's slightly different. But there's more good news: if after Le Wagon you still feel like doing so, you'll have a nice base for further self-teaching.​Do girls actually code?​Oh come on, some of the best Le Wagon's teachers are women, why wouldn't they! There's nothing particularly “male” about coding, and the fact that we currently see more guys doing this job only means that the niche of women coders is huge. Honestly, every programming team would be happy to have a girl or several!​Why Le Wagon and not another bootcamp?​To have some credibility, a coding school must have a decent looking web site. And let's be honest, all other Paris web development courses have the ugliest web pages on the Internet (No thanks, that's not exactly what I’d like to learn!). ​Le Wagon has a foolproof programme that helps to cover the essentials of web development in a record short time. And thanks to the continuous exercises, you actually learn everything they are teaching. It's hard, it's intense but it's really working.​Since my graduation from the course, I've seen many developers who come from engineer schools. They are great for classic software dev with C++ or Java. BUT how many startups use C++ or Java? So, after 2 months Le Wagon alumni are more operational in Ruby on Rails than most young engineers without real web development experience. Our code looks cleaner and we use more Rails specifics than highbrow CS majors.​Are all the alumni secret geeks? Will I be surrounded by nerds during the two months?​Come to think of it, we do discuss new frameworks and deployment problematics at lunch breaks, is that what nerds do? But the thing is we actually enjoy it, and if by any chance you don't, there're lots of Game of Thrones discussions going on too, and beer outings, and pizza parties… Wait, this does sound geek after all!But I still think pretty much everyone will meet likeminded people at Le Wagon, maybe future colleagues or cofounders and most certainly good friends.​ Is there anything wrong about Le Wagon?​That's the question the staff ask all the students at the end of the course. And of course, Le Wagon isn't perfect, cause everyone has something to say.But guess what? The biggest problem is that people just don't want to leave! The most frequent complaint is that it's too short. Students want to learn more Javascript, maybe more frameworks, machine learning, artificial intelligence… It's true that AI is not yet a part of the curriculum. There're certainly many other things that aren't covered but the fact that the alumni want to learn more technologies means that Le Wagon actually gave them this appetite. We learnt to not be afraid of learning new complex things - I'm personally following a classical Algorithms course right now, together with Node.js and Python courses.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was part of Le Wagon Batch 24, during April-May 2016.My main motivation was to learn to code to launch my own startup. As a business school student, I have always had some business ideas that couldn’t go through due to a lack of coding skills. I had... Read More in mind that learning to code would:- Enable me to launch a MVP of a company I would create.- Make me able to understand what developers were doing and work with them / manage them much more efficiently and smoothly.Le Wagon completely met my expectations. The 9 week training is intense with a tight schedule implying to learn most skills required to be a full stack developer. The format is well thought:- During the first 6 weeks, you start with a 1.5 hours course to learn more about a programming language or concept. Then you spend most of the day working on challenges to practice the theoretical learnings of the morning, with the help of teachers and teaching assistants. The whole team is amazing, full of energy. You could see that the team has gathered lots of experience which helped them to significantly fine-tune the program batch after batch.- During the last 3 weeks, the students are divided into teams of 3 to 4 people. Each team has to perform a project that is finally presented during the “demo day”, last day of the training. This enables students to learn coding in teams, and work on an MVP that can then lead to a company creation. For myself, I was able to build a MVP of Easyglasses, a website to get glasses prescription online without visiting an ophtalmologist.- Aside from classes and coding skills, Le Wagon includes a lot of events (workshops, networking, entrepreneur talks, etc.). This enhances your entrepreneur mindset and adds a very positive dimension to the training. Students don’t just learn how to code but how to create a successful company.I would strongly recommend Le Wagon! Learning to code is essential today and you can’t find a better way to do it than Le Wagon!Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has been one of the greatest educative experiences of my life! Why? Because Le Wagon is like a startup product you’ll never want to live without, not like a old-fashion school experience where the target is to get your diploma and get out.Here... Read More are 3 reasons why Le Wagon experience is so great.1. A great value proposition : learn to be a true (junior) fullstack developer in 9 weeks!True story. Students at Le Wagon do not come to get a diploma. They come to learn to “build web products”. After 9 intensive weeks, you’ll be able to understand all the basics about ruby, ruby on rails, html/css, javascript, ajax &amp; co. You won’t be afraid to build your first MVP and, depending on the features, you will even be able to deploy a first version, live on the internet, within a few days/weeks. Of course, you’ll still have much to learn, but these 9 weeks are equivalent to learning by yourself during 2 years I would say.2. An amazing anticipation of students’ needsSuch a good value proposition is only possible if your teachers perfectly understand what you expect to learn and where you are starting from. That’s exactly what Boris, Seb and Romain, Le Wagon’s founders, understood. And that’s why they developed an educative platform that takes you by the hand and leads you from pure newbie to open-minded junior dev. No time is wasted. Every piece of code you learn is useful and understandable.And guess what? This amazing educative platform is made available for life to Le Wagon’s alumni.Read Less",le-wagon
"## From movie industry to codingBefore joining Le Wagon, I was working in the movie industry in Paris. I was technical supervisor for a distribution company, processing the films to prepare their french theatrical release (dubbing, subtitles, poster printing,... Read More trailer and teaser...). Even though it was a 'technical' job, I always felt I was missing something. I wasn't able to create what I wanted. I was using other people's tools, sometimes outdated. More importantly, I had the feeling that the movie industry was on the edge of changing, for good. That viewers, customers, were asking for something new. I knew that the entertainment industry will be entirely “digitalized"". And to be part of it, I had to know how to build softwares and apps and learn coding. Otherwise, I would be left by the roadside. When I was a kid, my dream was to work with computers. For some reasons, when I was a teenager I chose movies (at that time, teenagers thought hollywood was cooler than computers!). But finally, I came back to my first wish.## How I lived these 9 weeks of codeIt was just great. I knew in advance that I would like it. But actually, it was even better than expected. The first few weeks were very intense. But I knew, even though I was struggling on some exercices, that I was learning a lot. And at the end, we all made it. Nobody was left behind. Nobody. And that says a lot! The resources available for students are great, and very well structured to tackle precisely what you need to learn. I'm still coming back to Le Wagon platforms and resources (slides, videos, links, articles) nowadays, when a topic gets a bit foggy in my mind. It's very valuable. I enjoyed their 'buddies' system. Working with a new partner every day, being able to ask for help, or being available to help other students. It's great in both situations: you don't get stuck cause you've always got someone there to help you. At the same time, you're learning A LOT when you try to help someone figure out how to write his/her program. It forces you to really understand in-depth the concepts you're explaining.The exercises can be quite challenging sometimes. But nothing impossible. And even though you can end your day feeling down, and thinking you'll not make it, the next day, you're back on the track trying to solve problems. And you know that everything will be fine, thanks to Le Wagon's methodology.## The peopleI met wonderful people. I know it sounds a bit cliché. But that's how I feel. My classmates had very different backgrounds: engineers, lawyers, an actor, a bartender,... Only 5 girls though (out of nearly 30 guys). Which is a pity. There is that false idea that coding is for boys. It's completely false. And all the girls in my batch where doing great at coding. Le Wagon's team is amazing. The teachers, Boris, Seb and Romain, all the teaching assistants... I had the feeling that it was the best people to be surrounded with to learn how to code. Most of the teaching team are former alumni (that did Le Wagon 2 years ago). They have been through the same doubts and struggle. Therefore, they really know how to talk to you and guide you to find the solution by yourself, so that you can understand it perfectly.## What I learned- I learned to learn anything about web technologies and computer stuff.- I learned how to read the F***ING MANUAL.- I learned to work in teams, to priotirize my tasks, to read other people's code, to talk about it with them.- I learned to dig deeper inside the code philosophy and mindset.- I learned to be passionate about problem solving.- I learned a lot about myself, what I'm capable of, how hard I can work, how long I can stay focus on one problem.And finally, I learned to code, and to enjoy it.If you ever wanted to know how to code to build things and create new stuff, just go for it. I think it was the best investment (time and money) I've made for my professional career.## The communityAnd that's the icing on the cake: you learn how to code, and you join a new community. Le Wagon's community is just a big advantage. You're always connected to it through Slack. You can ask question when you're stuck on a problem, or just asking for advices on your product. Some people post job opportunities. We ask each other questions. A lot of projects starts here. And it's great.You're still part of Le Wagon months, even years, after finishing the bootcamp.## What it takesBefore le wagon, I was reading a lot about computers, coding, framework and other stuff. I was on hacker news all day long, reading articles about the last trendy developer library. And of course, I tried to learn by my self. Several times. I spent hours on Codecademy, OpenClassroom, and EdX. After all, everybody, on Quora or Hacker news, says coding is **easy**. Don't fool yourself. It's not. At least, not at the beginning. And that's exactly where Le Wagon is the most valuable thing for you if you really want to learn. Cause when you learn to program, you first learn the basics. But you don't know how it can be useful for creating a web app. You can easily loose your motivation just because you don't see the point. ""When will I be able to make my own web application?”. At Le Wagon, you've got people surronding you, teasing you about what you'll be able to achieve few weeks later, and why it's important to understand this specific concept. And you just can't loose your motiviation. You don't even think about it. You just code, every day, from 9am to 7pm. And by the end of the bootcamp, you realize that, f**ck yeah, you can code, now.Believe me, you'll be proud of yourself.I found something I really love to do. And I'm part of this community where other people also love to code, and share their passion with the other alumni. It was just the best way to enter this world of coding.One regret: I should have done it earlier. :-)Read Less",le-wagon
"Why a coding bootcamp?Before joining Le Wagon, I worked in several industries: investment banking (Macquarie), sports retail (Decathlon) and e-commerce (Rocket Internet). I’ve always had plenty of ideas and I knew one day I would need to make at least... Read More one of them real. When I finally decided to quit my last job, it was to start a very personal project : Take Away Trips (www.takeawaytrips.com), a web app to help people create and share personal travel guides. However, I found myself in a very common position: I had the idea, but how could I make it real? There were three possible options:1. Find a rocket science CTO to partner with me.2. Ask some digital agency to do it for me.3. Do it by myself.The first option is the magic dream that never happens. The person I was looking for was actually the target of thousands of people like me. How can you be competitive with just an idea, to someone who receives thousand of « join me in the next unicorn company I want to create » propositions. After two months of active research attending meetups and asking my network, there was no doubt it was not the best option.The second choice, eluding the fact that my pockets were not big enough to finance this option, had a big downside: speaking of a web startup, you are basically giving the ownership of your core product to someone else. On top of that, you can’t be fast and lean if the person who develops your app is not in the same room (even less if based in another country).Finally, after considering 2) and 3) I told myself the best option was to learn how to build a dynamic website by myself. But indeed, how?Why Le Wagon?It is easy to get an idea of the learning curve at Le Wagon: there are dozens of hours of video records of Le Wagon’s alumni pitching live demo. Watching at them I told myself it really looked like what I was seeking: fast learning and best practices to be able to make, with real Ruby code, any idea for real in a minimum of time. The 2 month fullstack program at Le Wagon is clearly designed for entrepreneurs and I was very confident it was no bullshit. Simply because Boris, Romain and Seb, the three founders of Le Wagon are also entrepreneurs and they know how painful it could be to waste your time when you want to quickly ship a product.The FullStack programI applied to join #Batch 24 in Paris. First days of the program are clearly setting the scene: it’s going to be hectic but fun.- Every day a new topic on which you can keep working from home thanks to a super well-made SaaS platform.- Every day you get paired up with a different “buddy” to solve new challenges.- Every day the same motivation because students at le Wagon really want to learn hence there is a very positive and uplifting atmosphere within the batch.- And every day, teachers and teaching assistants are all available to give you best tips when you are stuck in your code.During the two last weeks of the program, small groups of students work on their own startup projects. Then, the very last day of the program is the demo day where each team present the project they were working on. It is the ending point of 9 weeks of learning and it is such a great feeling to look back and tell yourself : I’ve learnt so many things in 2 months!And now ?We presented the project I had before joining the full stack program, [Take Away Trips](http://www.takeawaytrips.com/), during the demo day. Thanks to Le Wagon, I can now apply a lean approach to launch Take Away Trips for real. It looks clearly feasible to update the current version of the website and adapt features based on feedback of my first users. I expect to iterate this way for 2 months in order to get quickly a useable product. Hopefully, based on the upcoming new versions of my app, I will be able to raise funds to develop the activity and eventually be more legitimate to partner with a future CTO.I strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to start any web related project: this is the best way to really own your product and get on the right track in no time.Read Less",le-wagon
"I just graduated from le Wagon 2 weeks ago (batch #24) and I can only encourage every aspiring entrepreneur to attend this awesome bootcamp. Here is a quick overview of my experience there.The JungleBefore joining Le Wagon, I worked almost 10 years in... Read More the cinema industry. I enjoyed it, had wonderful experiences, traveled a lot but something was missing. Besides my love for art, I was also a tech lover and my curiosity for the entrepreneur world was growing every day. I wanted to join the people who build the future and try to bring something better to this world.It quickly became obvious that learning to code was the next step. I wanted to be able to prototype a product, talk with other developers, understand how the products that I love are made but even with strong motivation, learning from any online courses was discouraging me:- What do I have to learn first?- Why this language and not another?- Why am I able to validate a course and still don't see how to even start building anything ?I was stuck in the Jungle.After reading some reviews of Le Wagon and checking their Youtube channel, I decided to join the course. What I have done in 9 weeks is beyond what I expected from the bootcamp. I don't think I could have done it alone even with a full year working on it.The ProgramDon't fool yourself, learning to code is hard. The first weeks were very rich of information, and sometimes frustration, but I was completely loving it! The secret of Le Wagon is somewhere here. Passionate teachers, exercises smartly spread to bring you step by step to the next keypoint. I took those 9 weeks like a journey and embraced the flow.More than skills what you will learn is an approach and a way of thinking like an experienced developer. You will be able to work in team and unchain yourself from the traps where many beginners stay forever. Being supported by teaching assistants that know what you are experiencing because they all went through the program is also very clever.The community, the futureSpending 9 weeks with people who share the same mindset and coming from many different industries is also a strong reason for attending Le Wagon. Your network will grow fast and open your future to many new routes. All the students share a culture that is empowered by tools like Slack and Le Wagon's platforms.I also learned a lot about myself and now feel able to keep improving my coding skills. I can start from scratch any project and add new bricks to the solid base I have built during Le WagonRead Less",le-wagon
"I’ve graduated from Le Wagon batch #18, about 4 months ago. I am 30-year-old and I have been working intensively for the past 6 years. I felt a bit nervous about getting back to a classroom into an intense learning situation for 9 weeks straight. I had... Read More read and heard a lot about the intensity of the program and how demanding it would be. I had never been the best at school and I didn’t have any engineering background. In a nutshell, I didn’t felt like I had the best profile and I was feeling anxious. Despite all, I consider that graduating from the Le Wagon was the best thing that happened to me for a real long time. Here is why…Getting back to learning mode and building a new skillOnce you graduate from university how often will you get a chance to dedicate yourself 100% at learning a new skill for 2 months straight? And yet, isn’t the XXIst century economy all about adaptability, continuous learning and building fresh skills? Of course, each day at work brings its shares of learning in some sense. But putting your career on hold for a couple of months and dedicating yourself to something really new has the ability to reconnect with the incredible power of learning. By breaking up my routine, I quickly felt excited again by discovering new stuff and I wanted to share this excitement around me. It really reminded me that we should always keep a fresh mindset and we should always aim for the step learning curve. Sheryl Sandberg once said “Build your skills, not your resume”. Well that is exactly what Le Wagon is all about. Getting a 360 overviewHow often do you learn to build a project from beginning to end all on your own? Professionally, I knew a lot of things before joining Le Wagon but I have never been competent enough in a specific field so that I could do it all by myself. In that sense, the full stack program, which goes through back end, front end and infrastructure topics, gives you an incredible feeling of freedom and independence. On top of it, even if you have a clear idea of what you want to achieve next, or which job opportunity you are aiming at, I would strongly advise to go for a full stack / generalist bootcamp program. Coding is such a long run that, for me, it doesn’t make any sense to focus right away. You have the rest of your programing life to focus, so why rushing? Finally, here are the 2 most common questions I get when people ask me about Le Wagon. Do I need to have a clear project in mind in order to be efficient? Absolutely not. In fact, I would think the opposite. People who showed up with an extremely specific project in mind tend to only see classes through this particular prism and might miss some things. Coming with no project enables you to get there with a free mind and get the best out of each and every classes. Where do I stand when I finish Le Wagon? Learning ruby is just like learning any spoken language: there is the theoretical part and the practice. I remember learning Portuguese listening to podcasts in the bus for months. When I got to Brazil, I had never spoken with anyone and hence no one understood a single word I was saying. I believe it would be the same for ruby. Le Wagon makes sure that you have all the theory right and give you basis of practice. Some within the class pick up much faster than others but ultimately, the only thing that matter is what are you going within the next 6 to 12 months. Ultimately, I see coding a bit like poker: it takes five minutes to learn and a lifetime to master. You will realize very quickly that it is impossible to learn all the coding tricks within 2 months but Le Wagon will guide you on how to find these tricks for the rest of your life.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started Le Wagon in January 2015 (Batch #6). Before that I had been a corporate finance consultant at one of the « Big Four » for 4 years (right after graduating from HEC a French Business School). I had no engineering background at all.Le Wagon is... Read More in my opinion the best European coding bootcamp and I'd advise anyone to take up the challenge. They have a unique way of teaching the technical skills you need to work in a tech startup. It's also a great option if you are considering to launch your own startup. After Le Wagon, though I had no computing background before joining the program, I was able to code from scratch and launch a web application and an iOS app. I got selected to demo the app at the 2015 edition of Challenge.rs (http://challenge.rs/) in Barcelona. Le Wagon's teaching gave me the possibility to code the POC that I had in mind. ## Now after Le WagonNow I'm a product specialist at Algolia (algolia.com), a startup that developed an extremely fast and relevant search engine for websites and mobile applications.Read Less",le-wagon
"I started Le Wagon in April 2016 and I loved it!| Work hard and challenge yourself |I was working in a digital marketing consulting firm for 3 years when I started feeling the need to learn something new, something fresh. My job wasn’t fulfilling anymore,... Read More I felt I was missing something and I wanted a change. That’s when I thought “Why not coding?” So, I decided to join Le Wagon to work in a booming and challenging environment, to acquire technical skills and to develop an entrepreneurial mindset. The whole experience lasts 9 weeks but time flies when you love what you’re doing! Le Wagon has a top-notch approach that enables any student - no matter what his background is - to quickly learn the basics of front and back web development. The program is very well conceived; you spend enough time learning the core concepts of web development, you switch between back-end and front-end languages, you learn how to use frameworks, you work on a copy-cat of Airbnb’s website and you get to code your own web app during the last two weeks. The tools and resources we use are extremely efficient and built in-house by Le Wagon’s team which makes the learning experience even more interesting. But overall, I guess that people are Le Wagon’s best asset; the teachers are super smart, inspiring and dedicated to our success and the students are ambitious with a great positive mindset. You will never be alone at Le Wagon; the community is tightly-welded and enthusiastic; there is always someone for you when you need help – a student, a teacher or an alumnus. | Learn more about yourself|When I first started the program I had no idea that I would end up prototyping my own product, Matchee, a C2C web app to buy and sell clothes nearby. Honestly, my first two days at Le Wagon were kind of harsh, I wondered if I would be able to make it till the end. Again, the program is intensive, you should be ready to dedicate yourself to coding during 2 months but the challenge is worth the time and the effort spent! The 3 last weeks of the program (copycatting Airbnb’s website + prototyping a product) were my favorites. Working in a team with other developer students is super challenging and rewarding. You learn a lot about yourself and you start imagining your future as a coder. I, for example, developed my MVP with 2 amazing guys who became real friends. We’ve managed to implement technical features in our web app that we’d never thought we’d be able to code before (tinder-like swipe/match, messaging functionalities…). I know that I would have never done so much in so little time without taking the course – big up to Le Wagon talented staff for that!| And now, what's next? |Joining a web native startup as a Product Owner working hand-in-hand with developers (they don’t impress me anymore &lt;3) + improve the concept of my MVP to work on it as a side project. Le Wagon is definitely a life-changing experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"A 5-star learning experienceLife-changingI decided to learn how to code after getting really frustrated by not understanding and not being able to do what my developers friends and coworkers were doing. And I no longer feel that way - mission accomplished.... Read MoreEfficientIf you've tried to learn to code by yourself, you will know that the learning curve is often pretty flat, you can easily get lost in the amount of content you find online. One huge advantage of the bootcamp is to focus on the useful tools and techniques.RewardingThe satisfaction of building something from scratch is immense. You'll learn enough to design an app, write the code and push to a production environment. IntenseThere is a lot to learn in 9 weeks, so the teaching speed is definitely fast. But, some sessions are reserved for students who don't feel comfortable yet with some concepts, to make sure nobody is left behind.Long-lastingYou will develop a ""developer mindset"" - a mix of patience, autonomy and critical thinking. You will learn a foundation of concepts and methodologies to build on following the end of the bootcamp.Focus on productOne of the focuses of the bootcamp is product. There is a class specifically dedicated to product management, but Product is not limited to that class...it is always at the core of the training.What business problem are you trying to solve? Which core features should you develop first? What other products can you use to minimize the investment, increase efficiency? How can you improve your user experience design?All teachers are not only very good at technical stuff but also very strong at product, which is awesome. It makes a difference - you don't only learn to build stuff, but also what and how to build.After Le WagonThere is a decent amount of students who decide to start their business right after Le Wagon. Some of them become junior developers and get hired right away. I was not planning on ever becoming a developer, but instead to keep growing in product management. After graduating, I had several opportunities to choose from in Paris and the US. A year later, Le Wagon is still definitely a huge plus. Not only does it looks good on a resume (probably the majority of my so-called hard skills), it also made me technical enough for it never to be an issue during my job search.Work hard, play hard Last but not least, the teaching team and students are definitely what makes Le Wagon so great. The group got together really fast and programming in small groups definitely helps learning from your peers. Frequent happy hours, startup talks and meetups make the group of students and alumni connect with the local startup and tech community, which is incredibly valuable during and after the bootcamp.Read Less",le-wagon
"★★★★★TL, DR:It changed my life. Removed the fear of not being technical— great friends and memories I will never forget.I spent an entire year learning to code. I tried everything:- Codecademy- learn Python the hard way- Coursera- Code SchoolBut I still... Read More sucked. I couldn’t even write a simple program. Was I stupid? Maybe.But I decided to try a new approach and registered to Le Wagon after hearing great feedback. After 9 weeks, I was able to build Impact—a tool for retrieving and analyzing Twitter data. I even wrote one of the program’s main algorithms. Maybe not that stupid after all.Le Wagon isn’t a course--it’s a life experiment. BE WITH LIKE MINDED PEOPLEWhy is learning to code so hard? Because it’s lonely. Oh man, try to read documentation written by coders, for coders, when you’ve never been on those websites. It’s a pain. Nobody wants to help you—« READ THE F***ING MANUAL », they say—and it quickly gets discouraging. I don’t want more homework again.But that doesn’t happen at Le Wagon—you’re not alone. You make friends. Each day, you are paired with someone from your batch—your buddy for the day. You don’t have any excuses for not collaborating and you’ll end up creating relationships with everyone in your class. You learn how to pair-program, how to help (and ask for help), and create long-lasting relationships. Many end up working together—some even start companies.So no more loneliness, but a great environment to learn, meet and grow.LEARN USEFUL STUFF BY DOING A LOTThe main problem with learning anything is putting in the required amount of intensity. I could have spent years learning code in a half-assed way, like I was doing. I would still not know how to code.Le Wagon makes you DO stuff. To my great pleasure, lessons laster only one hour—the perfect time to give the essentials and keep everyone interested—and gave place to 8 hours of intense coding. Exercices, product-building, real-life challenges. They’re here to make you BUILD stuff.Traditional education leaves you in the world without any skills. Le Wagon teaches you practical and professional-level skills in 9 weeks.I couldn’t design a simple web page when I started. After 9 weeks, I could build AirBnB.That’s effectiveness.CHANGE YOUR LIFE BY KNOWING MORE ABOUT YOURSELFWe spend so much time speculating, fantasizing on our lives. Maybe I should have been a lawyer, I should have traveled more, I should have become a developer. But there’s no way to know if you like something but trying it with a deadline and a lot of intensity. Le Wagon makes you grow as a person by increasing your self-awareness: it helps you know yourself better. Do you like working in teams? You will know.Do you like building tech products? You will know.Do you want to be a software engineer, an entrepreneur, a product manager? You will know. I wanted to code because I was scared I couldn’t be an entrepreneur otherwise. I didn’t know if I had it in me. I didn’t know if it was useful. I was fantasizing, again.Then I spent 9 weeks coding all day. That’s 400 hours.Now I know. If everything goes to flames, if my business fails and my girlfriend leaves me, if I’m expelled from my place and have zero friends left, I won’t be scared.I found something I love doing. That’s worth everything.Thank you Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon is a great place to learn web development. You'll get two months and a half to learn web programming: from backend (databases with SQL, Ruby, ...) to frontend (HTML, animations with javascript, design with css). Teachers are patient and devoted,... Read More they will teach you the right methods and responses to adopt as a future programmer.Every week you can also attend talks from entrepreneur and learn from there experiences.Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended the Bootcamp of Le Wagon in Amsterdam. It was an amazing experience. Within three months I learned all the different steps of building a website: front-end, back-end, and working with the database. They use very creative methods to learn you... Read More how to code, without ever using any books. It was an amazing experience I am happy I took this unique experiences. I feel more confident now with my computer skills. They have very qualified teachers that help you develop on your own personal speed. Their buddy-system makes sure you enjoy peer-coding and you learn from other students. Definitely a recommendation to everyone, who would like to learn how to code.Read Less",le-wagon
"I graduated from Le Wagon in May 2015 in Paris, and I cannot recommend it enough to anyone with even the most remote interest in coding.I recently attended a Q&amp;A with DHH (creator of Ruby on Rails, the web framework taught at Le Wagon), where he said:... Read More “Learn to code. If not to be a coder, then to understand the world.” Le Wagon is the perfect doorway to begin that journey.My BackgroundAfter an amazing learning experience in high school, I was less than enthused with my university experience (liberal arts). So I quit after my BA and took a job at a big company. 4 years later, I grew tired of the corporate culture and handed in my resignation to do Le Wagon.The BootcampAll I wanted from the bootcamp was learning to code. But what I got from the bootcamp was much more:the Program: the program is excellently designed, both in pace and content. I really liked the no-nonsense approach to the material and the intensity was high but appropriate.the Team: the team behind the program is a rare combination of technical and human skills.the Network: with over 500 current alumnis and counting, the program keeps on giving beyond the 9 weeks it lasts. Whether you’re looking for a job or have a technical hiccup you need help with, the network has your back. Across 12 cities in 8 different countries.the Culture: learning code is one thing. But the human experience is a huge factor for me, especially under intense working conditions.. And that was my favorite thing from Le Wagon: the optimism that permeated everything about the program. You leave not only with an arsenal of new tech skills, but with a new mindset. The mindset of someone who doesn’t stop until something is working exactly like you intended. The mindset of a coder, of an entrepreneur, of a “Wagoneer”.Le Wagon is the best educational experience I’ve ever had, and I will always look back at those 9 weeks as defining both personally and for my career.Read Less",le-wagon
"From Publishing to Web-Development :Before joining Le Wagon, I worked as a publishing assistant in French literature for about five years, working for different companies (Actes Sud, L'Olivier, J'ai Lu).I was feeling a bit depressed in this industry.... Read More Very few jobs, low pay and you can literally get stuck in the same job for 10 years without any career change.Worst part for me, I was not developing any skills useful to make a career switch if I wanted to. At that point I decided to do something about it.Learn to actually build something :I tried to reach some ""web-marketing schools"" or ""New media schools"" but I always had the same ""bullshit impression"" :) Then I discovered Le Wagon, speaking with a friend. He really convinced me. I remember his words ""it's five times more useful for you to get hard skills and learn to code. At the end, you will be able to actually build things. That will make you different from 99% of web-marketing or business school guys"". I had studied French literature in the past so I was also really curious about what programming and code were about. I took the plunge.An awesome curriculum :I enjoyed every single day of the nine weeks. The curriculum is well-structured. They've got their own platforms for lectures and challenges (and I still use their platform in my current Rails developer position!). I love their way of teaching programming: we always have to code something from scratch before they actually provide us the library or the framework for that the next week. At the end, when you start building apps with Rails, your really understand the core parts of the framework which is great. We built a copycat of Airbnb during week #7 then we worked two weeks on a personal project. In my group, it was https://the-impact.herokuapp.com a platform to analyse and compare public messages of French politicians based on their tweets and the tweets or their community. Lots of API calls, background jobs, a bit of d3.js for the data visualisation part. During these two weeks, I discovered I was actually able to work on challenging projects and learn new technologies on my own. Of course I was not 100% confident about my technical choices (this comes with experience). But still, I felt I had enough skills to keep learning and be efficient from day one if I were to join a developer team.After Le Wagon :After Le Wagon, I decided to work on freelance projects before applying to a job. I developed http://www.lakube.com/ a ""book app"" where you define your tastes in literature before getting recommendations from booksellers. The perfect project to make the bridge between my previous career in publishing and my new career as a backend dev :) The project was relatively hard for a junior developer. Handle the recommendations' flow between readers and booksellers, think about marketing coupons and payments, build a bookseller dashboard. I shipped the project in two month and that's where I realised I had very valuable skills. Thanks to a former alumni of Le Wagon, I got an offer to work as a Rails backend developer for http://www.agencebeaurepaire.fr/ a French web agency developing websites for local authorities. I've been working there since then. Now I feel I can work for lots of different companies and on really different projects. When I see myself struggling in the Publishing world 2 years ago, I'm very glad I made this choice and joined Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"Before Le WagonBefore I started the Le Wagon Bootcamp in Amsterdam I studies Social Sciences. I had no background in coding or anything related to it whatsoever. I finished my bachelor, and as many people from my age, had this feeling like: okay so now... Read More what? I have a degree and now I have to find a job that is interesting and challenging, in which I can learn and develop myself. But I got too bored too quickly, I quit my job and in that week I heard about a coding bootcamp starting in Amsterdam in 3 months. I decided to do something which by that time seemed to like something so far from what I knew: I was taking on this new challenge.My Le Wagon experienceAnd oh man, I don't know how to stress this enough; but learning how to code with Le Wagon has changed my life. In these weeks they train you from start to finish how to be ready to go into this exciting world as a junior developer. When you are done, you realize you could build and do anything you want. You can work remotely, join a startup or corporate as junior developer or even code your own product and start your own company. The world is yours. There are challenging exercises everyday, and if you are fast there is always more exercises to do, things to learn. I was not sure if I could keep up in coding before I started, but Le Wagon really helps you to make sure everybody is understanding everything and helps you get the most out of this intense time. On each subject they also have a teacher who has his expertise in that subject, which you can ask questions, and because they are so familiar with it, they are at ease and happy to answer everything you want to know. For the daily exercises there is also always a teacher assistant, or more depending on the size of the group, which are mostly alumni who have done the course, which is very nice, because they understand the things you are struggling with and can also explain it in a way that makes sense because not too long ago, they were doing the same!After the bootcampAt the end of the bootcamp you finish off with prototyping an application which you than show on the demo-day. You spend so much time with your project-group, but also with the class in general, that when demo-day has passed you feel bummed, because you miss spending time with each other, going through the exercises with each other, help each other if they get stuckI liked this bootcamp, tech scene and Le Wagon family so much I even became the bootcamp care manager with Le Wagon Amsterdam. Seeing how new students each bootcamp go through the same process, are figuring out the same things, get the hang of coding is so rewarding. And I hope I have the chance to see many more people go through this amazing experience which is called Le Wagon.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been hanging around Le Wagon for over a year now, and it was one of the best experiences I've ever had, certainly one of the most valuable decisions I've made in the past.Keep your mind openIn January 2015, I decided to apply to Le Wagon FullStack... Read More program in order to learn programming but also to keep my mind open. I finished school about 10 years ago and I never took time to train myself after that.For me as an entrepreneur, being aware that there are so many things to learn was as crucial as gaining these actual skills. I worked on my own before joining the bootcamp, in order not to be completely lost, since I was not an engineer. Those 8 hours spent discovering Pascal language back when I was a kid would not happen to be that helpful…And I worked a lot during the bootcamp. 9 hours in front of your code every day, and some more at night, 9 weeks straight. Pretty intense!How does the web works?I attended Le Wagon in order to understand how those web and mobile apps work. At first, I did not envisage to build a Tesla or a revolutionary AI software. I still don't. My intention was to get how AirBnb and Twitter function behind the curtain. The famous MVP approach! And when you start seeing the way these apps work, you feel empowered to build your own stuff.Many new projects!After I ended the bootcamp, I decided to stay in touch with the team that runs Le Wagon. I just loved the atmosphere. It's so stimulating to see 10 new business projects every other month! I am now a part-time Teacher Assistant for the next batches, helping them understand the crucial notions of Ruby, Rails, SQL, htlm and JavaScript.ClickI definitely had the desire to start a new business after Le Wagon. It just reinforced that feeling. Something just clicked in my mind: « now, you can build projects on your own! ». I had previously started and failed on projects where I heavily depended on some other people's skills to make them work. Now I could launch things without being dependent. So important!Mission BiberonThe last two weeks of the bootcamp were dedicated to our own projects. With a fellow student, I coded the elearning platform for future parents called www.MissionBiberon.com, with a video viewer, text recaps and quizzes. Since then, we've been working on the content, and a dozen episodes are now live!This is just the beginning of Mission Biberon, but the first feedbacks are awesome. And I know I probably wouldn't have started this without Le Wagon.So if you have the guts to start a business and 2 month to spare, you shouldn't even be reading the end of this comment, apply!Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a student in batch #18 of Le Wagon (January 2016) and loved the experience. I came from a web-marketing background (acquisition &amp; CRM) and was looking for web development training to be able to work better with technical teams.Le Wagon provides... Read More in 9 weeks a very complete training on the basics of front &amp; back-end web development, enabling you to very easily continue learning code quickly by yourself. As a bonus, it gives you a good flavor of what is product development, pitching a project and entrepreneurship.It has a great and extremely available teaching staff, great courses and resources that remain fully available after the end of the training. Rhythm is intense but very balanced between courses, exercises and conferences with entrepreneurs. Atmosphere is extremely friendly and motivating.Looking at former students’ careers evolution after le Wagon, this training really answers to a wide range of objectives: become a developer, entrepreneur or just gain technical background.In summary, it was an amazing experience!Read Less",le-wagon
"I started Le Wagon in October 2015 and it was the best decision of my life !The reason :« In the new economy, computer science isn't an optional skill. It's a basic skill » - Barack ObamaI’ve always been interested in technology &amp; innovation and how these... Read More two are transforming our world. Being able to understand and actually control the tools that are now ruling the world is in my opinion mandatory for everyone in the future, so I had to learn it myself.The one thing that struck me the most during the bootcamp is the amount of knowledge and skills I developed in such a short period of time. I give credit for that to the amazing program they developed . The way the program is structured and the resources they provide is THE real added value of this bootcamp ! Another great added value is the Alumni community. They make sure that you are well connected to every people that has already been a Wagoner and that you can ask questions, find jobs, find partners and so on. One important thing to know before applying though, is that Le Wagon has a clear entrepreneurial angle &amp; mindset! Throughout the bootcamp, we had introductions to entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship concepts/tools, so if you have no interest in entrepreneurship AT ALL maybe it’s not the best option. However I think that even for non-entrepreneurs these concepts are super interesting, whereas for (aspiring) entrepreneurs, it’s a huge added value!As a result of my bootcamp, I ended up developing BOOSTin (www.boostin.co), a growth hacking tool for brands on Instagram. With BOOSTin (www.boostin.co), brands can get relevant data about their own activity and their competition’s in order to increase the efficiency of their marketing activity on Instagram.In definitive, I would TOTALLY recommend Le Wagon to anyone, from anywhere, at any age, with any background. It is a life changing experience.Read Less",le-wagon
"I am alumni of Le Wagon batch #3 (September 2014). Here is my story since I graduated.Before Le WagonBefore joining Le Wagon, I studied web-marketing during 2 years but did not like the way it was taught, so I quit. I really wanted to be able to develop... Read More my own products at the time. That's why I decided to join Le Wagon, which seemed to be a very product-oriented program which teaches you programming but also gives you good practices and tools to build a tech product.Just after the programI kept on working on TrackGuru (https://www.lewagon.com/blog/interview-thomas-chretien-trackguru) the MVP I had developed within the two last weeks of the program. The platform reached 500 subscribers, but it was taking me too much time for marketing / communication, and I decided to take some distance and go back to programming smile emoticonAfter being a TA (teaching assistant), I joined Le Wagon's team as frontend developer to increase my expertise under the mentoring of Sebastien and Boris. In less than a year we released Le Wagon Ondemand (https://ondemand.lewagon.org/), the Alumni platform (http://alumni.lewagon.org) and the new version of Le Wagon's website (the current one). I learned React.js, sharpen my CSS and Javascript skills and, of course, kept on doing some Rails.Adopting a digital nomad lifestyleThat was a crazy year! My coding skills increased exponentially and I also learnt a lot about myself. After a year of coding I took some time off, I moved to Brazil for some weeks and I spent time in front of the Ocean, enjoying Yoga lessons. Quickly I realized I missed coding. I thought about my TrackGuru experience, and I decided to launch a new product, same style, with a different angle, and of course new skills! I took time to analyse my mistakes, and to refine what will be later Hubum (http://www.hubum.com/).Hubum is the Product Hunt of electro vinyl albums releases. The idea is to allow users to discover the vinyl release culture, and to become a reference digger in this niche. What we need to know is that all labels are working closely with techno artists to produce their vinyl release. A vinyl album is a bit as a story with a lot of protagonists and substance around the material. Releases fans are crazy about it, and represent a constant community, sensible and engaged, always looking for good new sounds, favouring quality to quantity.In parallel, we try to engage a maximum of our curators/guests by inviting them to share in exclusivity their discovery on the platform. The challenge is to find renowned influencers (artists, youtubers) willing to help us. Some great names join us already: Audu Simion (hubum.com/andusimion), Moskalus (http://www.hubum.com/moskalus)), Hurfyd (hubum.com/hurfyd)…Next stepI like the digital nomad lifestyle. I want to continue teaching at Le Wagon (Paris, Amsterdam, Brussels), travel, make some freelancing and personal projects, and keep learning new stuff every day.I am really grateful to Le Wagon. It's crazy how they helped me develop my coding skills so quickly. I can know build all the products I want. But above all, they also helped me find myself and work and live my life the way I want.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was a student at Lewagon (batch #6) and then a Teacher Assistant for couple batches. THE 9 WEEKS EXPERIENCE AND BEYONDFor me LeWagon is not only the kickoff I needed back then to get up to speed with start-up best practices and gain technical knowledges... Read More but also and most of all it is today, one year and an half after completing the bootcamp, a resourceful community on a day to day basis. Indeed the experience of LeWagon goes way above the 9 weeks of the bootcamp. We have an alumni platform that gets improved all the time, almost weekly event to keep up with code improvement as well a good star-up practices and 4 huge (free) parties per year. Not to mention the group of friend I kept from this 9 weeks journey.ONE SIZE DOESN’T FIT ALLAlthough not everybody would benefit similar output going thru this experience. After being a student and a teacher assistant I would highly recommend LeWagon to 3 main profiles :Entrepreneurpeople desire to become developersproducts owner, growth marketer and project manager who works on a daily basis with developersIf you have one of this three profiles you can’t be wrong with LeWagon and you well benefit almost instant output.For the other one, which I was part of, the output is less obvious or takes longer to obtain. After working with several start-up as a freelance developper I’ve lately join a start-up as the CTO and my work is a mix of the 3 profile describe above.CONCLUSIONYou have two main questions to ask yourself. Is a coding bootcamp the best way to accelerate/change my professional path ?If so, which one to choose ?For the first question I hope I gave you some clue about what to consider in the paragraph above. For the second one you should really not hesitate, LeWagon is your best shot ! If you can leave within 45min where a LeWagon Station is (yes it’s 9 intensives weeks and you better reduce your commute) this a the the coding bootcamp you should go for.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was one of the students of batch 4 in Paris (end of 2014).Being a student at Le Wagon helped a lot for my career in tech. I had a growth marketing background and really needed to have a technical perspective to be better at my work.First, the hard skills... Read More you learn over there are very valuable. I can now build MVPs with Ruby on Rails and HTML/CSS by myself. I can also tweak websites - which is useful to implement tracking codes or make some changes on frontend for instance. Second, it enabled me to understand coding culture and to be able to collaborate efficiently with developpers. This is a substential strength during my everyday life at a startup. I am now able to be more relevant with my ideas that require technical work; being able use Github or to chat about APIs is also useful when you are surrounded by developpers!Last, the people I met during the program are high quality. The students are mostly entrepreneurs and share a great mindset. The teachers are super smart &amp; encouraging. Also, Le Wagon being embeded in the Paris startup scene, I met several pretty impressive founders (Algolia, Front, Sunrise...). In a word, Le Wagon enabled me to be more powerful as a person. I don't feel stuck by my lack of tech skills anymore. I definitely recommend this coding bootcamp!Read Less",le-wagon
"Attending Le Wagon was one of the best decisions I've ever made. It really changed my life. I met great people, learned extremely valuable skills and found a community I will always be part of. My classmatesOne of the most enriching aspect of le Wagon... Read More (apart from the coding skills) was the opportunity to meet people with such fascinating stories; it didn’t take long for all of us to become friends. Everyone came at le Wagon with a different background and personality and discovering so many interesting people was an amazing experience. Lifelong friendships were forged, undoubtedly we’ll cross paths with each other at future jobs, and I’m even starting a company with two of them. Teaching and staffI am really grateful to all the teachers at le Wagon. They are the best instructors I have ever had. They don’t just give you the theory and exercises and then let you in the dark, oh no their method is well-structured to really get rid of pedagogical frictions and give you an ""optimal"" leaning experience. They have this ability to understand that each of us is a different learner and cater to the needs of each student.But it’s not only teachers and every day, you can also rely on great teaching assistants (former students at Le Wagon) who help you every time you need and spend time to dig deep in your code with you. ConclusionLe Wagon not only gave me the knowledge but also gave me the opportunity to meet the people I work with every day. We continued after le Wagon and decided to create our company together. Everyday we keep learning and that feels good! Now that I know about coding I feel like I can address confidently any investors or tech guy because I know what I m talking about. For an entrepreneur it makes a big difference trust me!You can take a look at our demo day here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=79SQFIIR0O8 at 14'10""Read Less",le-wagon
"I’ve been a student at Le Wagon for the 9-week program in June 2015. I have been creating websites for 10+ years, but had almost no backend skills and felt limited when I wanted to create more complex and intelligent things.The program gave me exactly... Read More what I was looking for: an intensive ruby and rails course, best practices and tools, cool front-end tips.I am know able to do a MVP of any basic product in something like two weeks, which is an amazing skill to have I believe.The other thing I liked a lot is the entrepreneurial/cool spirit. Students were open-minded and fun, and le Wagon’s team is always there to help and to drink a beer.I kept strong links with le Wagon, working as a teacher assistant for the next batches and they even hosted my new company, Mangrove (www.meetmangrove.com) for a few weeks. This new venture feels like a logical path after le Wagon, keeping some of the same spirit and using skills I learned during the 9 weeks.Read Less",le-wagon
"LeWagon bootcamp exceeded all of my expectations, not only due to the new skills I got out of it, but also to the people I was surrounded with and the endless opportunities it created for me. For the past few years, I had been evolving in the tech/startup... Read More industry, working with developers, and also trying to build several digital projects on the side. However, I had always felt limited by not knowing anything about coding. Joining LeWagon finally enabled me to get rid of that growing frustration and empowered me to work more efficiently with developers, to better manage digital projects now considering them also from a technical point of view, and to build my own digital projects.LeWagon’s methodology is perfectly designed and well rhythmed for people with no prior coding knowledge. The outstanding teaching staff is constantly sharing tips and the best practices they gained from years of experience which gives a lot of hindsight and help better understand what you are learning.On top of that, LeWagon gives you all the tools and resources you need to keep learning autonomously and improve your coding skills in the long-run.Last but not least, LeWagon is also a strong community of creative and entrepreneur-minded people driven by the pay-it-forward mentality that it’s just awesome to be part of.In a nutshell, whether you are in digital, you want to be able to build your own projects, or you are currently working with developers, this bootcamp is for you :)Read Less",le-wagon
"The objective of Le Wagon is to teach its students how to code, and how to code well. As a result of this, students learn programing by communicating with each other while working on projects, and ultimately creating a rich ecosystem of knowledge that... Read More iteratively builds upon itself, week after week throughout the 9-weeks.Le Wagon has been one of the best investments I have ever made. I build the 1st version of my startup ""MedPics"" thanks to Le Wagon and I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to learn codes and begin a start-up.Read Less",le-wagon
"I was one of the student of Le Wagon Batch 10 (https://www.lewagon.com/program) in Paris in June 2015.Where to start ?Well, let's start with the course: The 2 month bootcamp is just perfectly balanced, well paced and it covers everything I need to bootstrap... Read More m project. We started with the core of class programming, then discovered DB management and the MVC pattern. We then spent 2 weeks on front-end development, spending time on important front-end pattern (layout, flexbox, component design) and javascript/ajax techniques. Once everything is set up, we discovered the rails framework and then each lesson focus on a very practical aspect: user management (devise), facebook connect, geocoding, mailing. Each day was really rich! The last 2 weeks are focused on coding your project in team. You can join a team or propose your project to other students. I wanted to start my startup project and so did i! Once again, great experience! Teachers and teacher assistants helped us to work as a team, to develop good habits on GitHub. We had a series of things we wanted to do that we hadn't seen during lessons: No problem, the coaching staff were just happy to help us on specific notions and problems. In addition, I also benefit from ""product"" oriented coaching and pitching advices.Spending 2 months with 30 other students, working hard, helping each other is an amazing experience... At the end of the bootcamp, you just don't want to stop gathering evryday and learning together... I feel like, it's the same thing for each batch. At the end of the day, the community just grows stronger and bigger! For every new project, you get tons of feedbacks and helps, job opportunnities are passed between each others, new resources are quickly discussed, etc. The community is just great during and after!To finish, YES, I DO recommend this 9 weeks program.Read Less",le-wagon
"Learning to code should be mandatory. It's beginning to be taught in colleges and highschools across the globe, and those of us who don't get on board now will find themselves in a sticky situation in the not-so-far future.Having lived in the US and being... Read More exposed to their tech culture, I believed I had to join one of the well known bootcamps over there to acquire the necessary skills to become a developer. Thankfully, a friend recommended to join the Wagon and I decided to give it a try. Now, a couple of weeks after the end of the course, I can say it has been the best step I could take at this point of my life.Not only have I learned the necessary skills to confidently start off in a company as a junior developer, I have also been provided with the right tools and mindset needed to continue learning independently after the course. Add to that a great alumni network, where everyone is always eager to help out and contribute to the growth of the community, and you have the recipe for an amazing coding bootcamp.I highly recommend Le Wagon to all fellow aspiring developers, you are about to embark on the journey your career had been waiting for ;)Read Less",le-wagon
"Le Wagon has an amazing approach of teaching, based on intensive training and exercises all day long, led by a fantastic team of teachers and TAs. I've always been passionate about the start-up world, but always frustrated not to be able to code, or understand... Read More it. Now, thanks to this 9-week intensive program, I can build a website from scratch, and the skills I acquired are absolutely precious. I never thought I would be able to achieve so much in 9 weeks. So I can say without hesitating that applying for the fullstack intensive program was the best investment I've made so far.Read Less",le-wagon
"I've joined Le Wagon fullstack program from January 4th to March 4th 2016.The program is solid and proven. Each brick of the web stack is carefully taught, and it's a pleasure to see along the program why you've been struggling so much to respect coding... Read More conventions and rules. Learning platforms and support are top level and very easy to use.Lots of teacher assistant are former student from Le Wagon and are somehow the best people to help us, as they used to be at the same place by the past and understand perfectly the problems one might be struggling with. It's also very cool to have their feedback and experience from ""after Le Wagon"" and see what they've achieved!The overall atmosphere during the camp is unbelievable, and you truly feel you're being part of a big united team. The staff is awesome and always seeking to improve the overall experience at Le Wagon. I deeply recommend Le Wagon to anyone wanting to learn how to code, and how to code well!Read Less",le-wagon
"here are my take aways of this bootcamp: - teachers are amazing &gt; passionate about teaching, impressive skills- the program is very well balanced between front &amp; back end &gt; you really get a 360 deg tour of what's needed to know to bootstrap your company... Read More and/or work with developers efficiently and/or start to work as a junior developer.- the community of previous students impressed me &gt; people are nice, always eager to help out / advise le Wagon students. I really feel i joined an ecosystem with people working in all fields within the internet industry, rather that a simple collection of people. I hope i'll take the best out of it.- learn how to learn &amp; think as a developer &gt; the program has a great focus on providing you with all the best practices. I feel i can now be an independant learner &amp; keep a steep learning curve.next steps for me:1. bootstrap my own web project (ecommerce)2. coming back to my previous company as a product manager (big US startup) // i was a biz dev previouslyRead Less",le-wagon
"After 9 weeks at Le Wagon, I was able to code a full web app by myself and had enough confidence to keep on learning. Teachers are excellent and take the time needed to explain every concept. As I said in the title, I've learnt more over these 2 months... Read More than during the rest of my education.I fully recommend Le Wagon to anyone who wants to become a developer.Read Less",le-wagon
We are driven from full unexperience to junior developer/strong product manager step by step with relevant ruby/rails/frontend exercices and projects. The last three weeks are fully dedicated to making our projects happen. The community is awesome and... Read More dedicated to help you. Anyone willing to evolve into the web industry with no prior coding experience should attend.Read Less,le-wagon
"In just 9 weeks, Le Wagon manages what would have probably taken me years to learn. With a complete education, it allowed me to learn the skills needed to program my own websites, with the ability to take this knowledge to other languages.With a style... Read More mostly focused on exercises, backed by fantastic teachers and TAs, it makes sure that everyone gets the best education they can, no matter what their level is. The emphasis on project work and the use of Github is also a massive plus, because it allows for a seamless integration to a professional dev team.Read Less",le-wagon
"Coding is becoming really important for young people who want to become entrepreneur. People say that everyone can be entrepreneur, Le Wagon is the best illustration of that. I learn a lot in 9 weeks and I feel ready to launch my web start-up now !",le-wagon
"I have had 2 big steps during my education which opens me opportunities. The first one was my scientific high-school degree and the second one was my engineering school. Recently, i had one more step : Le Wagon. Participate to this bootcamp brought me... Read More new skills but mostly tonnes of opportunities. In my opinion, to learn how to code is something mandatory today. Le Wagon gave us more than just learn how to code, they gave us a bag-pack full of tips to be ready to brave new challenges, deepen the skills, learn new ones, ... On top of that, after the 9 weeks you can rely on the alumni network which open even more possibilities (jobs, teaching, tips, ...). Le Wagon was the best experience I had since a long time ... Do it eyes closed it's awesome !Read Less",le-wagon
"A good program that is focused on entrepreneurial side of coding. Teaching you to build a testable mvp for your business idea. Good overall structure, clear assignments and a handy online environment where all the course material is available.The program... Read More also immerses you in the Brussels startup scene(being located a co-working space) which helps you to make relevant contacts to realize your startup-idea.I would definitely recommend to ""half-beginners"" who don't want to spend lots of times learning it on their own.Read Less",le-wagon
"I have been a photographer for more then 10 years and had a few ideas for apps and online platforms but didn't know where to start. I looked for CTO's everywhere but couldn't afford one for each project. I found out about lewagon and researched about... Read More the curriculum they we're offering. I learned everything I needed to learn and way more. Only nine weeks after I understand coding very well and I see doors of knowledge, work and projects opening up everywhere for me. It gave me the tools that I needed to walk to my future. Awesome staff, great location, and an amazing learning platform that is accessible even when you finished the course. Resources, contacts, everything you need to either find a job as a developper or start your own start-ups! I would really recommend to everyone, it changed my life.Read Less",le-wagon
"Just before finishing my business school degree I felt a real lack of technical knowledge. ""Le Wagon"" was a real rebirth!At first I just wanted to have enough knowledge in order to exchange with developers, find out what is doable and know how to build... Read More a basic project.But the staff will learn you much more; how to organise yourself, make you travel in the startup world, how to pitch your project, etc.Now I want to know even more about coding. The staff is really amazing!!!! If every school had the same way of learning stuff to people we would probably all be geniuses.I can only recommend this program!Read Less",le-wagon
"When I arrived the first day at the Wagon I didn't know what was HTML, JS, CSS meant... now after 2 months I know how to do a website ...The courses, the teachers, the program are very hight quality",le-wagon
I worked in the digital industry (agency and product) for the 4 past years but was still really frustrated because I could not code my own idea and couldn't understand how the code works. I found le Wagon because they organized surf &amp; code trip but i... Read More did not go. One year later i decided to join the 9wk program. This was obsiously the best educational experience of my life. A typical day at le Wagon starts by a course of 2h then you practice the rest of the day through many exercises (even some hardcore ones if you rock enough !). Practice makes perfect applies here. You can get help from the assistants who are for the most part former students so they really understand beginners. At the end you are able to learn new languages and frameworks by your own. That's just the beginning of your journey :-)Read Less,le-wagon
"For 3 years before Le Wagon i always had startup ideas but couldn't make it myself. So I was thinking ""I'll just hire an indian and he'll do it"". Now i see what code is, and developers are my new gods. Dev skills are 95% of the value before you get traction.... Read More And it's only after that business skills are usefull. Now I have both, and I have amazing new friends. Thank you so much, i promiss we'll do great things now :)Read Less",le-wagon
"No cons only pros, everything is perfect! I start 9 weeks ago the fullstack bootcamp and now, I know how to code user friendly and powerful websites and apps thanks to LeWagon!! They are very concerned in the well learning of their students and it was... Read More a pleasure to be there for 9 weeks!! I really recommend it!!Read Less",le-wagon
"This experience has changed my life in every aspects.Overall, I learnt more than I could ever imagine in 9 weeks, I desgined, encoded and Pitch a full MVP, became enthusiastic and thrilled about my day to day job and I made a lot a friend that I'll keep... Read More for the rest of my life.I'm now developping my own start-up and encoding new apps with confidence thanks to the vast and comprehensive program that I followed at Le Wagon and with the help of their powerful Alumni network and powerful intranet with exceptionally current &amp; accurate resources I can access for the rest life anytime, anywhere!Thank you for what you do and especially how you do it! (not like a business but like a real organisation that has a duty to work towards the common good!)Read Less",le-wagon
"Amazing teachers and staff, fantastic place, awesome buddies, great code challenges, that’s what you’ll get there. Every entrepreneur should have the chance to go to Le Wagon to learn how to make their ideas a reality...",le-wagon
"I've just finished my 9 weeks bootcamp @ Le Wagon Paris, and I already talked 4 friends into it (and more are coming). It is THAT good folks.What can I say to give you a fitting overview of my experience? The staff is awesome. The founders seem to posess... Read More a kind of secret, that allowed them to build the most rewarding learning experience of my life.It's not really a secret actually: they've refined their curriculum over 15 batches of students and they built a tremendous learning platform to support it.The new HQ in Paris is awesome.A very spacious villa in the 11th arrondissement with all the equipment you need to literaly live here for 9 weeks. (OK OK you got me, there are no beds, but I think it's totally negotiable)Your batch buddies are awesome.The staff carefully select the students in their next batch, to create the best learning atmosphere you could experience. People around you are smart, determined to fulfill their objectives, and nonetheless fun to hang with.The only obstacle you'll face when learning @ Le Wagon is yourself. So buckle up, brace yourself, and go for it, coz' it's definitively worth your time and your money.I'll leave you now with something you'll understand in your first day @ Le Wagon:def le_wagon puts ""@LeWagon is the best bootcamp to become an awesomer version of yourself :)""endRead Less",le-wagon
"Pros:- Full-stack ruby bootcamp, now I can develop front-end and back-end- Really good atmosphere to work in- Awesome facilities- Yoga and mindfulness courses- Networking- Apero talksCons:No cons!",le-wagon
"Le Wagon helped me transform ideas into action. By the end of the program I already had an amazing Github portfolio and felt comfortable interviewing with employers. The teachers were so cool and having access to entrepreneurs and CEOs gave me the confidence... Read More to walk out of the program knowing I can get a job. The $6,000 dollar tuition was WELL WORTH IT. Let lewagon bring you new opportunities that you simply cannot learn online. Le Wagon Coding School changed my life.I would not be where I am in my career if I didn't sign up.Read Less",le-wagon
"An amazing program to learn the best practices of web development in 9 weeks. It can be hard at the beginning, but we always learn in a good mood ! The teachers knows how to explains things to beginners and make sure everything is well understood. The... Read More founding team are always discussing with students, to improve the program with students feedback.I think everyone should do LeWagon, wether it's to prototype a project, to become a web developper or just to understand how to speak to developper.I strongly recommend Le Wagon to anyone who are looking to improve or to learn everything about Ruby, Javascript, Rails, etc...!Read Less",le-wagon
"Pretty hard to go back to school and learn 10 hours a day a bunch of new languages. But this program is built very wisely, many useful tools to help you understand and test your knowledge.Great team also!I'd definitely recommend LeWagon to anyone willing... Read More to understand how the web works or to start a web business.Read Less",le-wagon
"Put simply: I knew nothing about development 5 month ago, and now I'm working as a developer at a hot startup in San Francisco!The program is great, with awesome teachers who worked hard to provide us with the best material, and amazing fellow students... Read More (aspiring developers, aspiring and accomplished entrepreneurs).The curriculum focuses on Ruby on Rails which is a perfect way of learning: it's a great and very powerful technology, a highly demanded and valued skill and a very intuitive and easy way to discover development. Once you get that it's much easier to learn new languages and frameworks. And that leads to probably the best thing about Le Wagon: they don't just teach some programming skills, they bring you to the point where you have the right set of knowledge to be able to keep learning on your own.The promise they make is in essence to bring us to the point where you can become a professional programer, be autonomous and learn by yourself. Well they delivered on all these aspects.I think everyone should do a bootcamp, and I think Le Wagon is a great one! Go for It!Read Less",le-wagon
"I entered ""le Wagon"" with my partner and we both have a beginner level. It was a wonderfull experience. In nine weeks, we developed our MVP and found our CTO. This was a real boost in our start-up development. They have an extensive network within French... Read More tech circles which is very useful when you create your own start-up. I strongly recommend ""le Wagon"" program.Read Less",le-wagon
"The training exceeded my expectations:- Master in 7 weeks the basis of development in Ruby with a playful and fun pedagogy (session live coding for example) with a team of motivating teachers and everyday in a good mood !- The last two weeks are allowed... Read More to the development of personal projects have allowed me to develop the beta version of www.mavillejetaide.org in no time.Much more than training, it is also a culture that is transmitted to the students. Learning to know to look for information in order to be autonomous once the training is completed, every week ""apéro-talk"" with web entrepreneurs to learn from their experiences, former students available to answer our questions, an active community that shares its knowledge, and so much more !Read Less",le-wagon
"I attended the 10-week bootcamp by Le Wagon in early 2014.Having no technical background whatsoever, I was struggling to find a good CTO for a new startup I was launching. In just a few weeks, I was able to put together myself a beta version of my product,... Read More test it with end-customers and attract talents to join me on my project.Simply put, without Le Wagon, I wouldn't have managed to start my company so quickly (or maybe at all).The team behind Le Wagon is a great combination of top class developers and entrepreneurs at heart who understand what it's like to learn code from scratch.They have an extensive network within French tech circles which is also very useful when you are an entrepreneur.Read Less",le-wagon
"I entered ""le Wagon"" program after being graduated from one of the top french business school (ESCP). It was quite a challenge for me to jump into the computer world after such studies. However, every single member of ""le Wagon"" staff made this journey... Read More one of the best learning experience of my life. In nine weeks I went from total computer newbie to junior developer in a company, building software. I personally chose to follow a dev path but ""le Wagon"" was also very supportive for anyone who wanted to build a prototype to test ideas and hypothesis about a startup project. To me this program is the thing you need if you want to become able to build something with your computer, whether it is as developer for a company or as an entrepreneur for your own startup. Long live ""le Wagon""!Read Less",le-wagon
"I strongly recommend this bootcamp :-the team is really really good, you'll meet amazing people incredibly dedicated to level you up. they are obsessed with details that will help you learn quickly and they have iterated over their materials over and... Read More over to make them perfect-you will be surrounded by entrepreneur-minded people : if you want to startup, this is a great place to be, you ll get the energy and support you needSo to sum up...juste go ! You can message me if you have questions about my expérienceRead Less",le-wagon
