"Review","school"
"I have my masters in computer science and I joined NYCDSA to specialize in data science. I joined NYCDSA based on the reviews online and they did not disappoint. What I found most remarkable is the 1:1 support they provide. The curriculum is thorough... Read More and the standards are high but instructors were all dedicated to help students succeed and understand the material. In light of covid-19 pandemic, the team was able to transition the immersive in-person course to online. They did a phenomenal job making sure all the students are interacting with the instructors and working together on projects. Career support is also great—they became that lifelong friend to always go to for advice and guidance.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I won't go into a description of what the Bootcamp offers - you can find that in the reviews below. All of them are accurate as to the material that the program offers. I'll give my opinion of the FINANCIAL sense of going to this Bootcamp versus others... Read More and the level of job assistance provided - which is what most of you reading this are actually interested in.Let's do a compare and contrast with springboard.com (not paid for this, just using as an example)Springboard $7,500 upfront tuition ($8,900 if paid in installments) Full Refund Guarantee (after 6 months of no job) Deferred Tuition until you land a jobNYC Data Science $17,000 tuition ($5,000 deposit just to get started) No refund guarantee No deferred tuition optionYou'd think with that price tag, there'd be some awesome job network or assistance provided, right?Not really. They might send you a prospect once every two weeks. But, all the interviews I gained were through my own efforts on LinkedIn. The most they'll tell you is some superficial styling tips for your resume. And that's about it. Connections they do not provide.There was supposed to be a networking event with employers at the end of the program.Didn't happen. The closest to that was an invitation to a ""Gender Equalithon"" hackathon by Esteem whose stated goal is to ""Hire &amp; Retain Women, People of Color, LGBTQ, Latinx in Tech"". The point of this is - is that job assistance is important. The material can be learned anywhere - other bootcamps, online, universities. But the major selling point for these operations is the job assistance and access to their professional network.And by that metric, NYC Data Science doesn't deliver. P.S.The reason you probably don't see more negative reviews of these bootcamps, is because people are still angling for job assistance and most too are scared to speak up or burn bridges.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I have a philosophy degree and was working as a data analyst, but I was interested in taking my career in a more technical direction. NYC Data Science academy provided me with all of the tools to become proficient as a Data Scientist. Their 3-month program... Read More gives students a unique opportunity to gain a deep conceptual understanding of the field as well as exposure to real-world projects. No other program provides this level of immersion in the field. The projects are real data science projects that you would work on as a professional data scientist and provide you with an impressive portfolio.It really comes down to the people at NYCDSA from the instructors to career services and the alumni network. They are all ready to make a significant investment in you and your career as a data scientist. I loved learning from my instructors and from my peers. I truly feel like I am part of a community. Even in difficult economic times, you are put into a great position to launch a career as a Data Scientist. You need to be willing to invest a lot of time, but the investment pays off!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYCDSA went above and beyond to make sure that their students had a stellar bootcamp experience despite being in the midst of a global pandemic. Having a ""live online"" model meant that we were all taking classes remotely, but that instructors were giving... Read More their lectures live through zoom and using screen sharing to share lecture notes, slides, and example code. Instructors and TAs were very readily available digitally, and made sure to make themselves available to teach and answer questions at almost all hours of the day. Aside from the impressive response to COVID, overall the curriculum was very involved - a difficult but worthwhile challenge for both beginners and experts alike! The coursework is designed to push you and involve real-world datasets as examples in your analysis, and projects give you a real sense of how to approach data analysis in an intelligent way. This a great place to learn!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Earlier this year, I decided to pursue a career change. I was working as an actuary for several years, and became interested in the world of data science. Even though actuarial science is considered to be the original data science, in modern times, the... Read More two career tracks are quite different. It felt intimidating to make the transition into the field of data science on my own, not knowing where to get started. In the beginning I was looking into getting a master’s in data science. However, I was deterred by the huge time, and cost commitment of pursuing a master’s degree. I started investigating various data science bootcamps having known several people who had successfully made career changes by attending bootcamps for programming, or design. A friend of mine recommended I check out NYCDSA. In the end, I chose NYCDSA over other programs I was considering, because it is the only data science academy that teaches both R and Python. The bootcamp is only 3 months long, but covers a ton of material, and will be one of the most intense learning experiences of your life. The program focuses heavily on practical applications. and is structured so you’re picking up the right skills in the most efficient manner. The instructors are super knowledgeable, and always there to support you along the way. A career in Data Science is a continuous learning journey, and NYCDSA was the perfect place for me to get started. I think the bootcamp does a fantastic job of helping you build a solid foundation of data science skills applicable to a range of data science career tracks. Simultaneously, there’s a lot of freedom to explore the niche field you are interested in.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"A good school, open, with high level professors. Courses are introductive, but if you have deeper questions, there is no problem, the staff is there for you, which is great and adaptive for everyone. The job assistance is very effective, and they help... Read More you to be your best!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I'm a software engineer with work experience in Business Intelligence. I always felt data science was a logical extension of business intelligence. I had been planning to transition into the data science space by joining an immersive data science Bootcamp.... Read More I picked NYC Data Science Academy after researching on various boot camps near my area.My experience has been a positive one. I was able to learn a lot of data science-related subjects in a short span of 3 months.Thanks to the instructors, who were always there for the students. They really cared about the students and are well versed in the subjects they teach. The career services are very efficient, leveraging a large community of alumni.I would recommend this Bootcamp to professionals who are looking to break into the field of data science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the 12-week Data Science Bootcamp in May 2020 and gained a great deal from the experience. I came in with a background in mathematics, but with limited experience programming in Python. By the end of the bootcamp I was very comfortable using... Read More Python to work with data and run machine-learning analyses such as Random Forests and Gradient Boosting.What I thought was exceptional about the course was the quality of the instructors. These ranged from mathematicians with a distinguished track record in academia, to hands-on software engineers with experience working with complex systems. In all cases the instructors were encouraging and generous with their time.The bootcamp has an extensive pre-work section and I'd advise any attendees to complete this thoroughly. 12 weeks is a short time to cover the amount of material that's on the curriculum, so building basic coding skills before the start will be very beneficial.All-in-all I felt the bootcamp delivered exactly the skills that I was looking to build. I'd recommend it highly to anybody who wants a serious foundation in the subject.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the 12-week data science program at NYC Data Science Academy and it was a fantastic experience. It was meant to be in-person but the classes were moved online due to pandemic. The transition was seamless even though we were the first on-site... Read More cohort to become fully online.  I can't recommend this program highly enough to anyone interested in a career in data science and machine learning. You will learn a lot in a very short amount of time so be prepared for an intensive experience but you'll enjoy every minute of it. The instructors have strong backgrounds in applied mathematics, computer science, statistics and machine learning - as well as industry experience - and it's extraordinary how much time and energy they put in to make sure that students understand what being a good data scientist means. You'll do homework, quizzes, exams, projects (individual and in groups), it's a lot of work but you will never feel stuck as they have excellent TAs who are always there to help. You will learn Python, R, SQL, different machine learning algorithms as well as how to work with data. But that's not all: what I particularly liked was how strongly they emphasised the importance of presentation skills and the ability to tell a story behind your numbers. Their devotion to making sure that they prepare you well for a career in data science is quite remarkable. Their career services are outstanding - you will have regular meetings to discuss your resume, prepare for interviews, network with alumni. My background is in applied mathematics and quantitative finance but the curriculum is so intensive that I had to work 12 hours a day to meet all the deadlines. But - and that's what makes NYCDSA truly first-class - it will never feel like hard work because you will be surrounded by people who are not just very good at what they do: they are passionate about data science and their enthusiasm will inevitably translate into you enjoying it, too. So if you are interested in a career in data science - NYCDSA is an excellent place to start. But even if you are considering data science but not sure whether you'll like it or not - try to get into NYC Data Science Academy: not only will you learn a lot but you'll actually love data science and will want to make it your life's work.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Without question, this is an outstanding Bootcamp for those looking to break into the field of data science. The curriculum is structured to help students master the essential vocabulary in Python (and R) needed to gather, clean, analyze and visualize... Read More fairly large data sets(up to a few million records of data) as well as master the theory behind the traditional machine learning algorithms used in supervised and unsupervised learning - ie. penalized MLR, SVM, DA, LR, DT, RF, Gradient boosting algos, clustering and PCA along with hands-on homework, quizzes, exams and project work to consolidate theory with practice. And all this is crammed into 12 weeks so prepare for an intensive ride. But as others have mentioned you will get as much out of it as you put in and this includes utilizing the wealth of resources available to you via the instructors and your cohort.In addition to the coursework, the Bootcamp prepares students for the job market by emphasizing presentation skills and the importance of using data to tell a relevant story or solve a business problem. The founder of the program is personally involved in the resume and interview preparation as well as many aspects of the job hunt process.I enrolled in the 12weeks in-person Bootcamp but due to Covid-19, all classes were made virtual. I commend the Academy for making this transition seamless without a reduction in the academic experience.I certainly recommend this Bootcamp to beginner/intermediary level data science professionals or those looking to make a complete switch. There's unfortunately not enough time and emphasis put into the more advanced machine learning techniques like neural networks or manipulating very large datasets(mm++ records) but for more advanced students, the Academy offers advanced courses in deep learning, hdfs &amp; spark that are unfortunately separate from the Bootcamp(at an additional cost of course!)Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYCDSA is a fantastic bootcamp. I picked them on the recommendation of a former student and it didn't disappoint! It was a seriously tough 3 months, I had never coded before I started the course pre-work having just finished a humanties degree and they... Read More pack a huge amount in. With their syllabus the course should really be much longer than 3 months, so you'll need to spend time on the pre-work and also consolidating post-bootcamp, but they give you a solid base to work off and plenty of material to work through even after you've left.You get out what you put in to this course. I was often pretty exhausted and increasingly had no weekends! It was no picnic but definitely worth it as I now have a job at a consultancy specialising in data. I think the best aspects of the course were that you could ask anyone for help, both students and teachers, plus the nature of the project work where you were also judged on your presentational skills.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Very fast-paced, intense experience that gave a vigorous run-through of the Computer Science, Mathematical, Statistical, and Business-oriented skills necessary to break into Data Science. You won't graduate an expert, but you'll at have at least a baseline... Read More understanding of countless tools that you can continue to develop your understanding of upon graduation. The staff is VERY dedicated to student success and will go out of their way to ensure your understanding, and even more so if you approach them first. They do a good job building a strong sense of community among the students and faculty. If you're eyeing a career change or a way of breaking into the field, I'd highly recommend NYCDSA.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"My Account Type a school name...Browse Schools BlogAdvice Write a ReviewGet MatchedNYC Data Science AcademyAvg Rating:4.84 ( 298 reviews )AboutCoursesReviewsNewsAboutNYC Data Science Academy offers 12-week data science bootcamps in New York City. In these... Read More programs, students learn beginner and intermediate levels of Data Science with R, Python, Hadoop, Spark, Github, and SQL as well as popular and useful R and Python packages like XgBoost, Caret, dplyr, ggplot2, Pandas, scikit-learn, and more. Once the learning foundation has been set, students work on multiple projects through the bootcamp. The program distinguishes itself by balancing intensive lectures with real world project work, and by the breadth of its curriculum. Throughout the program students work alone and in teams to create at least four projects that are showcased to employers through multiple channels; private on-campus hiring partner events, student blogs, meetups, and filmed presentations. Ideal applicants should have a Masters or PhD degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Math or equivalent experience in quantitative science or programming. Candidates with BA’s who have appropriate experience are also considered.Throughout the data bootcamp, students are assisted in preparing for the employment process through resume review and interview preparation. NYC Data Science Academy works closely with hiring partners and recruiting firms to create a pipeline of interest for its students.RECENT NYC DATA SCIENCE ACADEMY REVIEWS: RATING 4.84Project-based Learning is a Must for Data ScienceRewarding and Advantageous12-Week Data Science Bootcampall (298) reviews for NYC Data Science Academy →RECENT NYC DATA SCIENCE ACADEMY NEWSCoding Bootcamps + COVID-19: Updates, Scholarships and Tips for Learning OnlineCompare Data Science Bootcamp CostsNew Year, New Career? Learning to Code in 2020!Read all (22) articles about NYC Data Science Academy →Courses12-Weeks In-Person Data Science BootcampMySQL, Data Science, Git, R, Data Visualization, Hadoop, Spark, Linux, Data Analytics , SQL, Python, Machine LearningIn PersonFull Time420 Hours/week12 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$17,600Class size	50Location	New York CityIn this program students will learn the modern data analytic techniques and master the requisite skills, such as Python and R programming languages as well as Hadoop, to address real-world data science problems. Throughout the program, students work alone and in teams to create at least five projects that are showcased to employers. Along the way, students will have assistance in preparing for the job search through resume review, interview preparation, and opportunities to interview with our hiring partners. Successful completion of the curriculum will present a certification of graduation certified by the New York State Board of Education.FinancingGetting inBig Data with Amazon Cloud, Hadoop/Spark and DockerData Science, Hadoop, Spark, Data Structures, Python, Cloud ComputingIn PersonPart Time5 Hours/week2 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$2,990Class size	10Location	New York CityThis is a 6-week evening program providing a hands-on introduction to the Hadoop and Spark ecosystem of Big Data technologies. The course will cover these key components of Apache Hadoop: HDFS, MapReduce with streaming, Hive, and Spark. Programming will be done in Python. The course will begin with a review of Python concepts needed for our examples. The course format is interactive. Students will need to bring laptops to class. We will do our work on AWS (Amazon Web Services); instructions will be provided ahead of time on how to connect to AWS and obtain an account.FinancingGetting inData Science with Python: Data Analysis and Visualization (Weekend Course)Data Science, Data Visualization, Data Analytics , Data Structures, Algorithms, PythonIn PersonPart Time4 Hours/week6 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$1,590Class size	20Location	New York City, OnlineThis five week course is an introduction to data analysis with the Python programming language, and is aimed at beginners. We introduce how to work with different data structure in Python. We covered the most popular modules, including Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, matplotlib, and Seaborn, to do data analytics and visualization. We use ipython notebook to demonstrate the results of codes and change codes interactively during the class. Our past students include people with no programming experience or those who have minimal exposure to Python. Students told us our classes are very informative, engaging, and hands-on.FinancingGetting inData Science with Python: Machine Learning (Weekend Course)Data Science, R, Artificial Intelligence, Machine LearningIn PersonPart Time7 Hours/week5 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$1,990Class size	10Location	New York City, OnlineThis 20-hour Machine Learning with Python course covers all the basic machine learning methods and Python modules (especially Scikit-Learn) for implementing them. This includes linear regression, Naïve Bayes classifiers, logistic regression, linear discriminant analysis, cross-validation, bootstrapping, feature selection, regularization, model selection, SVM, decision trees, random forest, PCA, K-Means, and Hierarchical clustering. In addition, this course teaches the basics of natural language processing. After successfully completing this course, you will be able to explain the principles of machine learning algorithms and implement these methods to analyze complex datasets and make predictions in Python.FinancingGetting inData Science with R: Data Analysis and Visualization (Weekend Course)Data Science, R, Data Visualization, Data Analytics , Data StructuresIn PersonPart Time7 Hours/week6 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$2,190Class size	15Location	New York City, OnlineThis course is designed to provide a comprehensive introduction to R. Students will practice programming and analyzing data with R. Students will learn how to load, save, and transform data as well as how to write functions, generate graphs, and fit basic statistical models to data. In addition to a theoretical framework in which to understand the process of data analysis, this course focuses on the practical tools needed in data analysis. This course also covers the creation of dynamic reports with the knitr package in R as well as the creation of dynamic dashboards with R Shiny. By the end of the course, students will have mastered the essential skills of processing, manipulating and analyzing data of various types, creating advanced visualizations, generating reports, and documenting the code.FinancingGetting inData Science with R: Machine Learning (Weekend Course)Data Science, R, Machine LearningIn PersonPart Time7 Hours/week6 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$2,990Class size	40Location	New York City, OnlineThis 35-hour Machine Learning with R course introduces both the theoretical foundation of machine learning algorithms as well as their practical applications in R. It will introduce you to data mining, performance measures and dimension reduction, regression models, both linear and generalized, KNN and Naïve Bayes models, tree models, and SVMs as well as the Association Rule for analysis. After successfully completing this course, you will be able to break down the mathematics behind major machine learning algorithms, explain the principles of machine learning algorithms, and implement these methods to solve real-world problems. Unit 1: Foundations of Statistics and Simple Linear Regression Unit 2: Multiple Linear Regression and Generalized Linear Model Unit 3: kNN and Naive Bayes, the Curse of Dimensionality Unit 4: Tree Models and SVMs Unit 5: Cluster Analysis and Neural Networks Final Project After 35 hours of structured lectures, students are encouraged to work on an exploratory data analysis project based on their own interests. A project presentation demo will be arranged.FinancingGetting inDeep Learning with Tensorflow (Weekends and In-Person Only)Data Science, Game Development, Artificial Intelligence, Python, Machine LearningIn PersonPart Time6 Hours/week6 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$2,990Class size	15Location	New York CityVia analogy to biological neurons and human perception, this course is an introduction to artificial neural networks that brings high-level theory to life with interactive labs featuring TensorFlow, the most popular open-source Deep Learning library. Essential theory will be covered in a manner that provides students with an intuitive understanding of Deep Learning’s underlying foundations. Paired with hands-on code run-throughs in Jupyter notebooks as well as strategies for overcoming common pitfalls, this foundational knowledge will empower individuals with no previous understanding of neural networks to build production-ready Deep Learning applications across the major contemporary families: Convolutional Nets for machine vision; Long Short-Term Memory Recurrent Nets for natural language processing and time series analysis; Generative Adversarial Networks for producing realistic images; and Reinforcement Learning for playing video games.FinancingGetting inFull-time Online Data Science BootcampMySQL, Data Science, Git, R, Data Visualization, Hadoop, Spark, Linux, Data Analytics , SQL, Python, Machine LearningOnlineFull Time28 Hours/week12 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$17,600Class size	25Location	OnlineThis program was designed for students that have the time to be a full-time student, but can't commute to our school. Students will be placed on a rigorous curriculum that spans from 9:30 AM to 6:00 PM EST as well as have access to prerecorded modules with over 1000 coding challenge questions on online learning platform for additional practice. In addition, they have access to dedicated TA’s as well as the larger network of a shared slack channel between both in-person and remote bootcamp students. Classes: You will learn streamed lectures as well as have access to prerecorded modules and coding questions for additional practice. Personalized Job Support: Students also have access to the full resources of NYC Data Science Academy to help them find their dream job upon graduation. Our curriculum covers the expanse of all the skills required in the data science industry. We cover both R and Python as well as Machine Learning Theory, Big Data, and Deep Learning.FinancingGetting inIntroductory Python (Evenings)MySQL, Data Science, Data Visualization, Data Analytics , Data Structures, Algorithms, PythonIn PersonPart Time5 Hours/week2 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$1,590Class size	40Location	New York CityThis is a class for computer-literate people with no programming background who wish to learn basic Python programming. The course is aimed at those who want to learn “data wrangling” – manipulating downloaded files to make them amenable to analysis. We concentrate on language basics such as list and string manipulation, control structures, simple data analysis packages, and introduce modules for downloading data from the web. This Introductory Python class runs over four weeks, with five hours of class per week (split into 2 ½ hour evening classes). Classes will be given in a lab setting, with student exercises mixed with lectures. Students should bring a laptop to class. There will be a modest amount of homework after each class.FinancingGetting inPart-time Online Data Science BootcampData Science, R, Data Visualization, Spark, Virtualization, Data Analytics , Data Structures, Artificial Intelligence, SQL, Python, Machine LearningOnlinePart Time28 Hours/week26 WeeksStart Date None scheduledCost	$17,600Class size	25Location	OnlineThis is an online part-time self-paced program. Students have 4 - 10 months to complete this program. The curriculum is the same as our on-campus program, with full-financing options, career support and with a one on one support from our mentors. This program is designed for students that work full-time and are not able to quit their jobs. Our curriculum is drawn from data science engagement with corporate consulting and training, hiring partners and active industry participation. Our remote bootcamp ensures that students achieve a very high level of proficiency. Students are expected to dedicate themselves fully to this program and fulfill all the requirements, which include completing lecture videos, daily homework, and four projects. The Remote Bootcamp is built as a collaborative environment utilizing online chat and meeting systems. Students also have the opportunity to collaborate on homework, projects, job applications, interview preparation, paired programming, and even further through our extended alumni community. We work closely with hiring partners and recruiting firms to create a pipeline of interests for students. Each student receives one-on-one support with job searching and access to all kinds of job assistance resources, including coding reviews, interview prep, resume workshop, and access to our exclusive hiring partner network.FinancingGetting inNYC Data Science Academy Reviews298 reviews sorted by:Filtered by:Project-based Learning is a Must for Data Science - 7/8/2020Kailun Cheng User PhotoKailun Cheng • Graduate • Course: 12-Weeks In-Person Data Science Bootcamp • Campus: New York City • Verified via LinkedInOverall Experience:Curriculum:Instructors:Job Assistance: I have a biomedical engineering background, and I enjoy solving complex problems using quantitative methods. I had decided to venture into the field of data science and machine learning because I realized that there are many processes that are insufficiently modeled in a deterministic way. When I graduated with a Master's degree in Data Science, I had acquired many tools and methods in disciplines such as computer science and applied math; however, I was lacking some experience actually ""doing"" data science, especially in working with real-life data. NYCDSA gave me the opportunity to obtain hands-on experience in the model building process. I also had a great time collaborating with other fellows, instructors, and mentors on challenging projects, which further expanded my skill set in proper data collection, data retrieval, and data visualization. Overall, NYCDSA fosters an enriching and inclusive environment for students of all different backgrounds to gain valuable experience that's needed for a data-driven career. Regarding the job prospects post Bootcamp, I find it challenging in finding a suitable position in this ever-changing career field coupled with the tough economic situation. However, I do think that NYCDSA is a great guide in pointing me in the right direction by providing the appropriate resources. After graduation, a couple of recruiters reached out to me, and I was able to pass rounds of interviews with the knowledge I gathered from the projects I did in the boot camp. Ultimately, I'm able to receive a full-time data scientist position offer about three months post-graduation.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
This boot-camp was a waste of time and money. They gave me poor information and wasted my time. I am quiet angry with them for this. Don't register with them. Also there representatives are the ones which promise things they cannot finish. In a sense... Read More the instruction was good but they wasted my time and would not refund anything.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"NYCDSA bootcamp curriculum is intensive, deep, and diversified. It covers both the math behind the data science and the practical platforms/languages/tools (Python, R, SQL) most widely used in the industry. Their career services are focused and efficient,... Read More leveraging a large community of alumni and partners. Highly recommend!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I recently graduated from NYC Data Science Academy in March of 2020. Before I began my cohort, my background was in finance and was a novice in the data science/coding world. Though challenging and difficult at times the staff, instructors, and the TA's... Read More really helped me to push myself and assisted me to complete the program. The curriculum not only covers coding and data science but the individual &amp; group projects, presentations, and the helpful feedback is very advantageous in the real world. Also, I really appreciated how NYCDCA went what of their way in little things that can make a big difference such as: head shots, resume reviews, interview preps, strategy in job hunting etc...They did an excellent job of covering all topics and encompassing everything that comes with either career change or building up your current career. From my experience, I only have positive things to say about the staff, instructors, curriculum, job support, and the community at NYC Data Science Academy and highly recommend NYCDSA to anyone who is interested in data science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This bootcamp helped me go from code illiterate to code proficient. The curriculum at NYCDSA is amazing. Trying to become an expert at anything in 3-months is nearly impossible, but NYCDSA does a pretty dang good job of presenting all salient data science... Read More topics and pairing these with four major projects that help to solidify your understanding. I was incredibly pleased with the quality of instruction and the expertise of the teachers. It felt like the instructors truly cared about my development and digestion of the material. The career services team has been very very helpful as well. Like many things, you get out what you put in. I highly recommend this bootcamp, but if you do decide to attend make sure to complete the prework, devote 100% of your time to it (i.e. don't work at the same time), and put your all into each project. The four major projects (R Shiny, Python Web Scraping, Machine Learning, and Capstone) are important in how you market yourself post-bootcamp and were fundamental in giving me the confidence to say that ""I am on my way towards becoming a great data scientist"". Listening to lectures and understanding concepts can only take you so far, so make sure to befriend stack overflow, your instructors, and your keyboard as much as possible. Best of luck in your studies!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"After working in the financial sector for over ten years, I have decided to strengthen data science skills, such skills are increasingly critical in problem solving. I chose NYC Data Science Academy over other bootcamps since it has a more comprehensive... Read More curriculum, the quality of faculty and the successful graduate networking. The 12-week curriculum covers the basics of data science, including Python, R and SQL coding skills, machine learning, clustering and algorithms knowledge, such a curriculum is indispensable in developing the data science-based analytical skills. The projects and the homework that we were assigned to are also quite useful to prepare job interviews. Alex and Luke are great instructors who helped out a lot with my study, as did TAs, I also made great friends from the cohort that I worked with here. I received invaluable support from the bootcamp in data scientist and data analyst interviews. I must say this is the best bootcamp to learn and improve data science skills and develop professional networks.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I graduated from the NYC Data Science Academy in September 2019. Though I lived in Austin, TX - home of many data science schools -, after vetting the success of past graduates and the credentials of the instructors at the Academy, I made the decision... Read More to temporarily move to New York to attend this school. The requirements and coursework was very intimidating, but certainly appropriate given the requirements to be an effective data scientist. The typical student spent at least 12 hours a day at the classroom to meet homework and project deadlines, but those hours were well-spent. Even though the difficulty in the material ramped up, the quality of the students' projects and in-class discussions definitely became much more substantive and impressive. The devotion of the students definitely rubbed off on each other, but the expertise of the instructors definitely helped foster that growth as well. It is also worth mentioning that the close alumni network also played a part in student growth.Beyond the hard skills learned (Git, Docker, SQL, Python, R, ML, etc ), the program required a lot of soft-skill development as well. Between developing effective presentation skills for our projects, and collaborating with our peers, teaching assistants and instructors, you truly learn what it means to become a data scientist amongst data scientists.It is also worth mentioning that they play a big role in your professional development as well. They devote a lot of time to your resume building, interview preparation, and student networking, and, personally, I found the alumni presentations they prepared were some of the most insightful presentations I've had.If you are serious about becoming a data scientist, you go to this school.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I graduated from NYC Data Science Academy in September 2019. I was recommended by a friend of this bootcamp, as he told me that I will be able to learn a full spectrum of skills needed to enter a data-related job. Having almost finished my Master in Statistics,... Read More I wasn’t sure about the tools needed in the industry, because the master program focuses very much on theory but not on the practical tools. Hence, I was very glad to be introduced to a toolkit of data science skills, those of which will be very applicable to any data science/engineer jobs in the future. One thing I really liked about the program was its intensity. I understood that students coming to this bootcamp came from different backgrounds, some of which might find it a bit challenging. For someone who has background in statistics and a little bit of computer science, the pace was very good because I could learn a lot of things within 12 weeks, bombarded by one project after another. I really liked the instructors here, especially Luke Lin and Zeyu Zhang, as they were so knowledgable and patient. I also made many friends here, especially for someone who just moved to New York City.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The productivity of all the students including myself is one of the most remarkable things about my NYC Data Science Academy experience. The environment of top tier professors, hands on teaching assistants and extensive resources to learn from is inevitably... Read More going to prepare you well for a data science career if you are willing to put in the effort. You learn a wide array of tools and gain very good insight about the field itself. They're very proactive when it comes to helping you with your job search.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy’s program covers more material than any other leading bootcamp. Curriculum is created with long-term professional development in mind, while at the same time being incredibly “up-to-date” with all the latest developments in the... Read More industry. Thanks to the things above, bootcamp positions students for immediate success right after the completion of the program, while keeping on serving their career in the long run. In other words, NYC Data Science Academy’s curriculum includes some extra components, which are essential for getting a job at the top companies in the industry (e.g. FAANG). In addition to the core of the program, NYC Data Science Academy also offers practical and extensive preparatory material (already included in the price of the bootcamp). Thanks to these materials students are capable of building a strong foundational knowledge of the core material, and as a result, have a much easier time during the program.One of the greatest advantages of the NYC Data Science Academy’s bootcamp is the group of extraordinarily supportive teaching assistants. Since 100% of teaching assistants are former bootcamp students, they possess a unique understanding of anything that current students are going through at any given moment. Another pivotal part of the program is its amazing collective of instructors, most of whom possess advanced degrees and multiple years of industry experience. No other place creates such a remarkable mix of academic and industry knowledge that allows students to not only learn how to code but to understand the underlying principles of the scientific and business processes. Last but not least, is the selection of projects that students have a chance to complete during the bootcamp. These projects not only allow students to apply newly-learned coding techniques but also push them to solve “real-life” problems and to create industry-specific practical solutions. Bootcamp has a healthy mix of individual and group projects, which gives students a chance to work with different kinds of dynamics, and most importantly to learn from fellow students. Overall, the unique selection of material, amazing teaching and supporting staff, along with the ability to be among a diverse group of people with all sorts of professional backgrounds is what distinguishes NYC Data Science Academy from the rest.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Before thinking about any kind of bootcamp, my background was in finance and I wanted to brush up on coding skills and my statistics knowledge. Once I decided I wanted to explore careers in data, I spent an insane amount of hours researching and talking... Read More people. I was scared to leave my job without any guarantee of getting a new job. Ultimately, I chose NYCDSA, and looking back, I am very grateful that I did. The people that I talked to from admissions were friendly, informative, and helpful. They were empathetic about the fact that this was a big step and they were not pushy or sales-y at all, which was very refreshing compared to some of the other bootcamps. During the bootcamp, the instructors and TAs were very invested in the students. They helped me think through project ideas, review concepts, fix a bug, and all of the above. I came out of the bootcamp with Python, R, and SQL skills along with a portfolio of projects that I wasn't embarrassed to talk about in interviews. The hard part of networking, interviewing, and studying for a new job doesn't go away - but NYCDSA gave me the tools and the job support to feel confident that I can do it. I've learned so much more in the 3 months than in the one year I tried self-studying for a career pivot. I've also met a great group of friends and people while doing so. Even with COVID, which forced our cohort to go online for the last 2-3 weeks, I was able to get a handful of data scientist and data analyst interviews. I went in with the goal of making a successful career pivot and they've helped me accomplish exactly that as I accepted an offer at a new firm which I'm very excited about.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I have nothing but positive things to say about the instructors, curriculum, job support, and community at NYC Data Science Academy! From day 1 I felt welcome and part of an extended family. While the curriculum is incredibly challenging; the instructors,... Read More classmates, and even alumni are ALWAYS there to help guide you through it. Like most things in life, you will get what you put in. If you work hard and embrace the collaborative community NYCDSA has built, you will be incredibly well-positioned for success in the Data Science industry.I secured a role as a Data Analyst at FanDuel Sportsbook 2.5 months after graduating from the program. We have now hired another NYCDSA graduate and will be looking to continue to build this pipeline in the future!Thank you NYC Data Science Academy for changing my life.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"DSA is a top-rated program for good reason — it offers quality resources for your consumption. That being said, the value of your experience is individual to you, contingent on your background (the more technical knowledge you're comfortable with, the... Read More better you can shift time and focus to application of skill) and your ability to iterate on your work while digging through the various resources at your fingertips. It depends, also, on your goals. A full-time bootcamp experience is a rare place to suffer together and bond with cohort mates. The friends I've made thanks to my time there continues to reap dividends.As someone who deeply believes in academic rigour, I can say that DSA's educational materials, which are lifetime access, meet a definitive standard for building out a solid foundation in data science. Simultaneously, the emphasis that DSA puts on communication and presentation skills through project work is tremendously important when it comes to the interviewing circuit. The question, at the end of the day, for you is: are your digestive capabilities up to the task of interweaving all these aspects into a highly variable interviewing and job application ordeal? The efforts by DSA's (lifelong) job support services to help prepare you should not be underestimated, particularly as they evolve to match a changing market; but the market is still the market.Therein lies a caveat: your abilities, new and old, tailored to changing market needs. Particularly a market where data literacy increases and is pushed further down the organisational chain of any firm with every year. Job hunting is still largely contingent on experience, domain expertise, and whatever unique edge YOU as a candidate can bring to bear in a competitive landscape. At the same time, every year, there are more and more analyst positions requiring data science skills that, with the right combination of efforts, will make an eventual internal transition to data scientist roles...If you are up to facing the challenge, as I was, your time at DSA will be a valuable and pivotal three months that will continue to pay off via knock-on effects for years to come.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
I came to the NYC Data Science Bootcamp to make career transition to data science. Instructors are very knowledgeable. Most of them have PhD. The curriculum is awesome. students can learn a lot if they spend a lot of time. The machine learning projects... Read More that students work on really help students to discuss projects with hiring managers during an interview. I would be great if the program covers introduction to algorithms.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I picked NYCDSA because it offered the most comprehensive curriculum. Surely, the amount of content introduced was overwhelming especially in the second half of the bootcamp but with unwavering dedication and commitment, which was pretty ubiquitous and... Read More contagious in the bootcamp, the workload was just about manageable. I would describe myself as having a relatively strong quantitative background as I have a PhD in physics (though my knowledge of statistics and coding in general is abysmal), the coursework was still challenging. I would also confidently say that the coursework is taught in a way to be conceptually accessible by all. The bootcamp teaches two popular languages (Python and R, some SQL) as well as the core concepts of machine learning. The machine learning topics are taught with a good mix of qualitative and quantitative reasoning. The students are required to do four intense projects along with many exams and homework. Overall, the bootcamp sets up the students well for future success-- it gives us the foundation necessary to continue to grow as data scientists. The job support is unexpectedly great. The bootcamp works with us personally to become competitive candidates for the job market and also actively makes work connections for us. The instructors are beyond amazing as they rise above expectations always. They make you feel that they are truly responsible for your understanding of the topics and they are very open to feedback (in fact, they actively look for it). In hindsight, as a more experienced data scientist and knowing that there is only 12 weeks, I wish that we had focused purely on Python and SQL, and spent more time on coding challenges, algorithms, case studies, AB testing and big data techniques. There were duplicate content taught as we switched between Python and R though for some this may be good because repetition of topics with a different spin can help with better understanding and retention. And despite saying I wish we focused purely on Python, working with R and having the knowledge to use R Shiny was what ultimately made me more attractive as a candidate since I was able to showcase my work as an app. All this back and forth rambling probably just means that 12 weeks is very short and given that the field of data science is growing so quickly, it's really hard to gauge what exactly and what amount to master. Given this situation, if I turned back time and had to decide all over again where to invest my 12 weeks of time, I would without any doubt pick NYCDSA. With their expertise, receptiveness, hustle and attitude of wanting to do what's best for us, I truly believe that any student there will be in good hands.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the 2019 summer bootcamp at the Academy, and chose it over other bootcamps based on the excellent reviews and ratings. I was not disappointed. Aiko, Luke, Alex, Drace and Michael were terrific teachers, and taught us Python, R and Machine Learning... Read More from scratch. The bootcamp is three months long, but because there is a lot of material to cover, it is incredibly fast paced. The material was however covered in a thorough and accessible manner. The Academy also does a nice job of preparing us ahead of time for the volume of work to come, by having the students do a lot of prework before the first day of class. In addition we get excellent and detailed course notes (which I refer to all the time). Overall it was a fantastic experience, and I strongly recommend it to anyone looking to build their skills in data science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I chose NYCDSA because of its focus on data science applications in both R and Python and because of the quality of the faculty. The program lived up to every expectation. I came from a quantitative background, but the program did an excellent job of... Read More providing material so that it was accessible to people with a less quant heavy background, while also allowing people with a quant background to take a deeper dive. I was looking to switch from finance to a data science role, and this program helped me bridge the gap. The program is intense but deeply gratifying.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I had been an advanced analytics director in media looking to make a career change into the healthcare field as a data scientist. I was working with marketing scientists in my prior job that were using machine learning but was not fully aware of the power,... Read More accuracy, and methodology behind statistical models and machine learning. Not only did I learn the ins and outs of traditional machine learning through this course, but I also picked up hands on experience web scraping, analyzing many types of data sets, and creating my own algorithms and machine learning models to tackle real-life problems such as predicting critical disease. R &amp; Python are taught side by side, allowing you to pick up both languages and also understanding pros and cons of each.Don't get me wrong, this was a lot of hard work, but if you're looking to make a career change and become a data scientist there is really no better way than to enter the belly of the beast. This is called a bootcamp for a reason so expect to roll up your sleeves and work very hard. However, if you do all your assignments, listen to the helpful advise from the instructors and administrators, and really make practical use of your projects and career support, this will be a career changing experience for you, as it was for me.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This 12-week course begins with a well-structured introduction to Python, R, and SQL and is friendly for beginners with no programming background. You'll be able to complete the first two projects: one is about web scraping and one is data visualization... Read More with R Shiny. We then covered the most popular machine learning models and concepts, which we implemented in the last two group projects. The boot camp also helps with resume, elevator pitch, code challenges, and there is a well-planned post-boot camp review section to prepare for theories and interviews. I have four years of experience working as a financial analyst and managed to get an offer one week after the career event. The things you learn here are the most practical skills in the professional world and will help you continue learning data science on your own after the boot camp. Job support is great!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I was very happy with the theory, the application, the pace of the class and the amount of homework for a 5 week class (Sundays). Instructor Ryan was available to help us to catch up with questions related to Python or graphics before and after class.... Read More To anybody who decides to take this class, I would recommend to do the project. If you choose not to do it, I would suggest that you stay longer in the last class to watch the presentations of your classmates. I learned from doing my own project but I specially found very interesting the presentations of my classmates. Also I think that a previous knowledge of Python is necessary.  JOB SUPPORT: N/A (review form did not accept N/A)Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took Jon Krohn’s deep learning course in the fall/winter of 2019.Jon is that rare communicator with the aptitude to succinctly explain rigorous and complex topics in a digestible fashion. His course is an ambitious undertaking, but Jon makes the subject... Read More matter as accessible as it’s likely to be. After the course, you’ll not only possess a foundational understanding of neural nets, but also Jon’s compilation of resources for your continued self-experimentation. Jon’s approachability as an instructor, his unabashed love of this cutting-edge science, and his genuine interest in seeing his students advance their understanding could not place you in better hands.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The reason I picked this Bootcamp over the other's was that after talking to the admission office they seem to be really serious about what they were teaching and the people they admit to their program. In my case, I was looking for a challenging environment... Read More where I could develop my programming skills and learn new skills in the data science world and the academy helped me achieve what I was looking for and much more.The academy instructors are very well prepared and passionate about what they do. The only downside is that given only 12 weeks is hard to understand every single thing they are teaching, for example, one day you are learning Random Forest and the next day you are learning something different. But something that they planned really well and is really helpful is that since you are learning Machine Learning in R and Python when switching to the other language the theory remains the same only the code changed, so in a way, you are reviewing theory twice.The whole experience was incredible, the people that attended my cohort were very smart people coming from different backgrounds like finance, physics, business, engineering, to name a few and from top universities like Harvard, Oxford, Cornell and also different countries which made the whole experience much more interesting. What I enjoyed the most was that working with these different people made you look at data from very different perspectives and in result have a richer analysis of a simple dataset.After the Bootcamp feel ready to start looking for a data science job, I was already in a quantitive field but this program has really helped me gain that confidence I needed to have a career change.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy was my first choice because of my interest in data science, and their reputation as the best data science program. They did not disappoint.As a recently separated veteran with a master's degree in physics, I was looking for a... Read More way to renew my credentials for employment in the technology sector. A friend of mine told me about his successful full-stack engineering boot camp experience and subsequent employment, so I began doing some research. I did not know what data science was, at the time, but I read about it on Course Report, and it seemed like a perfect fit for me, so I signed up. NYCDSA is exactly as advertised: an intensive program on data science methodology aimed at students from a wide variety of backgrounds. With my background in physics, math, and C++ and Java coding, I felt that the Python and R syntax taught at NYCDSA was not too difficult. Other students were less prepared but often did okay anyhow. The course began with Python and R syntax for handling and visualizing data, and then continued with machine learning methods in both languages as well. SQL and Docker were also covered, but rather briefly. At the end of the course, deep learning and Tensorflow were introduced, as well as Spark and Hadoop. I would have preferred that more time be dedicated to those topics, but this is a three-month boot camp, so time is limited. Nevertheless, given the allotted time, I feel that I have achieved an incredible amount, and I'm very happy with my experience. Boot camp is not cheap in either time or money, but this one was well worth both. I intend to continue building on the knowledge, experience, portfolio, and network that I have accumulated at NYCDSA as a professional data scientist.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Very solid class with an excellent professor Ryan Courtney. We covered all the bases and the professor was very careful to make sure that everyone was being brought along with the course material but still went out of his way to challenge us. Classic... Read More socratic method style of pushing the class. Like most courses it still comes down to what you are willing to put in time and effort wise but it was an excellent guided adventure.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I needed the shortest path to pivot from a research position in physics to a career in data science. I considered grad school, but I have a family, and I need to be there for my kids during their developmental years. NYC Data Science Academy offered an... Read More effective restructuring of skills over the course of three months. Not only did I learn skills in data sctructures, statistics, coding, and machine learning, but I also learned skills necessary in the job-hunting process. The support that was given to me during my time at NYCDSA was instrumental in receiving a job offer from a well-stablished company in financial services.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I went to this bootcamp on the summer of 2019 and it was an amazing experience! The lecturers and TA's are knowledgeable and caring to teach what is required to become a data scientist. The program is very well-managed and admissions genuinely cares about... Read More the success of their students, job search / opportunities even after the graduation.Curriculum is also outstanding for a short 12 week of time.You will have opportunity to learn both R and Python. (Of course, D3 / Django and more python may sound appealing comparing to other bootcamps. Trust me, learning R is very important. You will be able to review a lot of Math/Stats in DS and R is still heavily used in the industry)You will get from how much you put in. Work hard and you will learn a lot to become successful in this field. Also this is a good environment to build outstanding network with intelligent individuals. This is a good place to start. You can go a lot of different directions with the knowledge you gain here.Highly recommend!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I did some research on data science online (Course report and switchup) before I made a decision. I chose NYCDSA because they covered both Python and R, their instructors are knowledgeable and professional, and comprehensive curriculum. Especially I have... Read More to use both R and Python in my work, so I think knowing both languages will open more opportunities when looking for a job.NYC Data Science Academy did a great job of helping me acquire the necessary skills in Data Science before, during, and after the bootcamp. The pre-bootcamp materials helped me get familiar with the essential R/Python coding skills and speeded up the learning curve during the bootcamp. I highly recommend whoever wants to join a bootcamp should get prepare before the bootcamp, and NYCDSA does a great job in providing necessary materials in R/Python coding.During the bootcamp, the course work is very intensive. Although I already have coding experience and mathematical background, I still need to spend at least 12 hrs a day to study and finish homework and projects. However, the instructors and TAs are doing their best to ensure everyone can get the most out of the courses. As a remote student, I can't meet them in person, and they are still very responsive through messages or video meetings. During the bootcamp, I finished four projects to showcase my skills. One of them is solving the real business problem from the company, which is valuable when I was looking for a job. The academy also teaches you how to express your projects during the interview.They have a robust professional network and hold a hiring event one week after each cohort. You will have the opportunity to expand your network and show your skills to various companies that are looking for data scientists or data analysts. They also dedicated to supporting you find a great job. Vivian did a fantastic job helping me with my interview processes and giving me valuable feedback.Overall, I have a very positive experience with NYCDSA. I was suspicious if a bootcamp can make me transit into a data scientist when I looked for a data scientist bootcamp. However, I found a great job a month after I finished the bootcamp. This program is worth the hard work I put. I am glad that I made this decision a half year ago.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I graduated in end of June(Cohort 17). Right now I'm a Data engineer at top tech firm in China. The bootcamp materies encompass big data, machine learning, and data analysis tool such as Python, R, SQL. This include all the to-go package to be a Data... Read More Scientist. I'm so grateful that I attended this bootcamp. Peoples in the bootcamp are very nice and helpful. This is the big community for every people that want to be a data scientist, come and join us!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I graduated in end of March(Cohort 16).Before having the bootcamp, I have no coding or computer science related background. I thought I would fail and not able to get into the industry.However, after I took the bootcamp, I learned a lot of coding and... Read More Data Science related skills, and this academy has changed my life.While I was in the bootcamp, I made a lot of friends and everyone including staff are so kind.After graduated from the program, NYCDSA still provides the best career support and connection to help everyone of us to get a job.They really care about every one of the students, and this makes me feel like a home.The feeling here is irreplaceable, and this is one of the important things an academy should have.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"After spending 9 years in business sales, I wanted to go back to my technical roots and started looking into data science bootcamps that could help me make a career transition. I looked into all the major schools within the data science bootcamps and... Read More finally decided to join the NYC Data Science academy thanks to the reviews as well as the comprehensive curriculum. One thing that I was very satisfied about at the bootcamp was the hands on help that I got whenever I needed it. The entire school staff wants you to succeed and achieve your goals and they do everything they can do make that happen. Can’t thank them enough for having my back in this journey.As far as job hunting, the academy provides ample material on how to get ready for the job search process from resume reviews to interview prep to bringing employers in the school for interviews. There are always exclusive job postings on the internal website and the school has an incredible network, so it’s always been easy getting introductions to school alumni or key executives from target companies. I ended up receiving 2 offers, and joined a major tech company as a data scientist.NYCDSA is highly recommended! It is worth the time and the money in gold!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the in person 12 Week Bootcamp during the end of 2017 and I am working as a Data Scientist at a highly recognized tech startup! For those considering studying data science I highly recommend NYC Data Science Academy. The main differentiator... Read More of NYC Data Science Academy from all the competitors is the curriculum. The founder herself(Vivian) was one of the first era of data scientists who studies statistics and programming before ""data science"" got popular. So the curriculum reflects this in that the bootcamp knows what it takes to succeed in data science in the real world. The 12 weeks consist of SQL, R, Python, Machine Learning Algorithms, and Bid Data/Deep Learning with the emphasis primarily on practical aspect of these tools. After the 12 weeks I wasn't a master of all things data science, but the bootcamp really equips you to be able to find your own answers to any data science question (engineering as well!) and make yourself a highly sought after candidate. The only ""con"" I guess is that you have to work your butt off! You're cramming years worth of an equivalent master's degree into 12 weeks, so you really have to be able to focus and have a passion for data and learning. But as an encouragement, all the people that worked hard ALL ended up with a really solid data job that they are proud of. I referred three friends myself and they loved it and are working in highly competitive data roles.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I joined NYC Data Science Bootcamp earlier in the year 2019 after careful comparison with other Bootcamps, they appeared to have alot more to offer, and having completed the training now, I have no regret. Excellent curriculum, knowledgeable instructors... Read More and helpful job assistance structure.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
This bootcamp has comprehensive materials and structures its bootcamp with a 3 hour lecture each morning followed by a 1-2 hour afternoon lab/mini lecture. The pace is extremely fast (We only spent a few hours going over Logistic Regression) and I recommend... Read More all students to put in as much work as possible outside of school to maxmize the value of the bootcamp. NYC DSA has a solid environment for learning but MOST of the learning comes from the student putting in effort. It is extremely easy to simply attend the bootcamp and leave with a very bare surface level understanding of numerous topics. I recommend going over lecture notes each night and previewing lectures (watching the full 3 hour video(maybe at 2x speed)) the night before to have a basic understanding to ask questions during class. There is probably nothing more beneficial than previewing the lecture before attending imo. The bootcamp value is exactly what you put into it.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy is the place where you would learn the niche skill sets required to excel as a Data Scientist or Data Engineer in a friendly environment. This is one of the best investment I have done in my career. Having said that, be ready... Read More to learn a lot in just 12 weeks of time. It is an intensive course and you learn proportional to the effort you put. Their pre-work was really helpful in transitioning into the Bootcamp. So I would suggest anyone to definitely do the pre-work before entering the Bootcamp and do the homework during the Bootcamp; they give you a good hands on exposure to what was covered during the lectures. I did four projects which were very rewarding as well. I got to talk about my hands on experience gained doing the projects in the interviews. The instructors and Vivian, the CTO of the academy were very approachable. I felt like family here. They provide a good Resume and interview prep support. I must mention I was praised on my resume during the interviews and I had a good ratio of interview calls per application. I landed my dream job in just 2 months post completion of the Bootcamp. I you are ready to learn and put effort, you will find plethora of material, guidance and support here. I have had a positive experience at NYC Data Science Academy . I learned, made friends, networked and progressed in my career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"During this program, we learned data science/machine learning not only in R but also in Python. The codes that I got from lecture codes, homework, and peers here are valuable, and I find them very helpful for my research. When I cross-checked the lecture... Read More notes from NYC data science bootcamp with lecture notes obtained elsewhere, I find that the lecture notes from NYC data science bootcamp are the best and solid in successfully explaining fundamental theories. I think the teachers here are very knowledgeable, and their lectures are well-organized and efficient. Many of the teachers also shared their experience in the data science industry and gave us ideas about what it is like to work in the data science industry, which was another good point of this program. When students needed helps, TAs, managers, or teachers were available either in person or on slacks. I think this is a highly recommendable program for anyone interested in data science. But, before this program starts, enrolled students are highly recommended to do their best in the preliminary lectures to be better prepared. In addition, students need to work really hard in lectures, homework, and projects. I'd highly recommend this program.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy is the place where you would learn the niche skill sets required to excel as a Data Scientist or Data Engineer in a friendly environment. This is one of the best investment I have done in my career. Having said that, be ready... Read More to learn a lot in just 12 weeks of time. It is an intensive course and you learn proportional to the effort you put. Their pre-work was really helpful in transitioning into the Bootcamp. So I would suggest anyone to definitely do the pre-work before entering the Bootcamp and do the homework during the Bootcamp; they give you a good hands on exposure to what was covered during the lectures. I did four projects which were very rewarding as well. I got to talk about my hands on experience gained doing the projects in the interviews. The instructors and Vivian, the CTO of the academy were very approachable. I felt like family here. They provide a good Resume and interview prep support. I must mention I was praised on my resume during the interviews and I had a good ratio of interview calls per application. I landed my dream job in just 2 months post completion of the Bootcamp. I you are ready to learn and put effort, you will find plethora of material, guidance and support here. I have had a positive experience at NYC Data Science Academy . I learned, made friends, networked and progressed in my career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYCDSA was referred to me by professionals in the industry. I chose the remote bootcamp and learned a vast amount of topics including SQL, R, Python, and Hadoop &amp; Spark. During my studies, I published 4 blog posts of project work ranging from a visual... Read More analysis of the American Music Awards to predicting housing prices. I had an assigned TA who I met with weekly to discuss my courses and homework, which was very helpful. Interview prep was also a great asset to the program. Upon graduating I received a grad package with a NY State Board of Education certificate included. I received a job offer within a month of graduating as a Growth Analyst.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I graduated from the graduate program in media management at Gebelli Business School of Fordham this year and got the certificate of data visualization at Parsons School of Design.I picked NYC Data Academy because it is the only institution which offers... Read More bilingual programming training. I made the comparison between NYC Data Academy, General Assembly, and the Flatiron School. And I think NYC Data Academy has the most comprehensive curriculum I need to be a data scientist.I like how the class material is designed --- It teaches you to learn coding step by step, and trains you with case studies. The depth and width of the study material are the best I have ever seen. The thing I think they can improve is that I hope there could be more one-to-one sessions. Sometimes I feel I would like to solve the problem with my solutions, and I need to talk to someone. In this case, I can even pay more to review with teachers for my solutions in person.What's more, I think I will be happier if they offer healthier snacks. Normally we have oatmeal bars, but I think it is too sweet.In the immersive three months of training, I gained the knowledge of being a data scientist and worked with companies on real data projects. Being treated and trained in a professional way has benefited me from having the boldness to face the job market and build my own projects.It has been a great experience for me, and I highly recommend them.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I recently completed NYCDSA's 'Introductory Python' course taught by Tony Schultz in July 2019. First, the course itself provides a really great foundation to learn python and you really don't need prior coding experience to learn the basics. Second,... Read More Tony is a great instructor and walks you through everything. He takes the time to explain difficult concepts and provides simple explanations to understanding code, which is obviously very helpful for people looking to build out these technical skills. Highly recommend!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I enrolled in the five-weekend course for Data Analysis and Visualization with Python taught by Tony Schultz that spanned from June to July 2019. Tony is experienced, energetic and hard working and did a great job in presenting the material. He was also... Read More very helpful before/after class answering questions related to the homework as well as more general topics related to data science. Of note I appreciated that he covered various ways of solving classroom and homework problems which helped highlight Python's flexibility. The course helped me develop a solid foundation in Python. As usual, to get the most of this class you do have to spend several hours outside of class to review the material covered in the prior class before attempting to do the homework.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Python: Data Analysis and Visualization class taught by Tony Schultz this summer. The course content is thorough, well formed and covered a lot of areas within the short amount of time. Tony was great with explaining all the concepts. Often... Read More times he covered more than just one way to solve a problem and encouraged us to develop our own coding styles. Definitely recommend this class to all working professionals interested in learning Data Science using Python.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Teacher was very helpful in helping understand the concepts and purposes of all the code. Not too simple and not too difficult as well. Would definitely recommend.,nyc-data-science-academy
"This summer I took two classes at the NYCDSA: ""Introduction to Python"" and ""Python for Data Analysis and Visualization"". Tony Schultz was the instructor for both of my classes. Overall, I would rate both classes in terms of 'course content' and 'instructor... Read More knowledge and the teaching quality' as ""A+"" . I feel I learnt alot and I believe now I do have a solid foundation in Python. The lectures and course materials in both classes were well-organized and well-presented. Tony himself was a very cool, funny, and very friendly person. In my opinion, he was an excellent teacher, very knowledgeable, energetic, engaged with students in class, really cared and supported students, really enjoyed teaching, and he knew exactly how to explain difficult concepts making them look super easy. He was always available to answer questions ( He was coming one hour before starting the class to go over the HW problems and answer questions). I really enjoyed taking classes with him and I highly recommend these two courses to anyone who is interested in data analytics or thinking to get a job as the data scientist.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Instructor is great and professional, He explained each point clearly and let me feel learning coding is not that hard as imagined. It's really a fun and good experience.",nyc-data-science-academy
This was a good introduction to Python. Tony is clear and concise in explaining the concepts. He is also dedicated and takes time to answer questions before and after classes if needed.,nyc-data-science-academy
"I wanted to learn about Python because I am starting a masters program this upcoming fall and it has a data analysis class using Python. This class was very helpful and I think I am more prepared now for my masters and my class, thanks to Anthony.",nyc-data-science-academy
"The Intro to Python course taught by Tony Schultz is an excellent course for all levels of students. Tony has developed a curriculum that covers the fundamentals of the language as well as provides a comprehensive overview for key concepts and topics.... Read More I appreciated the way in which he illustrates abstract concepts with real life examples. In addition, the course notes and homework provide ample opportunity to study topics and test key concepts without overwhelming students. Whether you are picking up Python as your first coding language or adding it to others, the course is a great way to get started.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I really benefited from this class. I had no background in coding, but needed to learn the basics of Python for grad school in the Fall. Tony taught the concepts in an accessible and engaging way that was easy to follow as a total beginner. The course... Read More is fast-paced, but the examples are very interactive in a great way, and the homework assignments help reinforce the concepts without taking up too much outside of class time. Tony uses lots of great examples from all disciplines to make the material more accessible. For example, he used Harry Potter and dance references that I related to and used math and other programming language examples for other students in the class who had those backgrounds.He is friendly and really cared that we learned the material. He was also available before classes for office hours and by email throughout the week. I am extremely pleased with my takeaways. 100% ROI. I highly recommend this class!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Attending NYCDSA was an incredible experience that allowed me to pivot my career from traditional finance into Data Science and land me a great job with a well-improved salary soon after graduation. I chose it over other bootcamps in NYC because it taught... Read More both R and Python, had a strong alumni network, and had a collaborate and family-like environment that made every day enjoyable.Be prepared to work very hard and learn a lot in a short amount of time. The curriculum is intense, covers all major areas of data science and teaches you the most up-to-date tools in data analysis, stats, coding and machine learning. I knew only basic SQL and stats before this so it was very challenging for me to learn more advanced stats, Python, R and machine learning in just 3 months. That being said, I typically stayed at the bootcamp 10 hours a day and often 12-14 hours during projects, which helped me learn faster. The TA’s and instructors were always available to provide assistance which aided in the learning process as well.Because I spent so much time at the bootcamp around like-minded individuals, I became good friends with many people in my cohort, many of which I still keep in touch with post-graduation. Collaborating on group projects, helping each other with homework, happy hours, and late nights made the experience a lot of fun and made the learning easier.Overall, you get what you put into it. Even as one of the least experienced in my cohort, I was able to keep up and become proficient in coding R, Python, SQL, and build a strong portfolio with practical experience in machine learning by putting in the time. The job assistance prepared me as well as it could have and helped tremendously in getting me more interviews, and performing to the best of my ability during interview behavioral questions, whiteboarding and case studies. I highly recommend this program to anyone looking to get into data science or improve their data science skills.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The bootcamp offers even seasoned machine learning practitioners something new, and everyone (regardless of their coding background) can get something out of it. The instructors are nice and want you to succeed but there is so much information packed... Read More into such a short amount of time. I liked this bootcamp but found it difficult. On a more personal note, I would not have gotten the job that I have now at Bloomberg without this bootcamp. I received letters of recommendation from two instructors as well as a practice interview with one of the camp’s alumni who had recently gone through the same interview process. The interviewer mentioned that the bootcamp made me stick out as an applicant and was part of the reason why I got this position. As I reflect on this experience though, I felt like I was floundering the entire time and overall the experience was not enjoyable because of the magnitude of work. However, I ended up learning so much about R and the different machine learning techniques. Even though I came from a mathematical background with some machine learning experience I was not able to comprehend some material during the program. Some of you reading this review may be thinking in a strictly cost-benefit mindset. For me, the financial benefit has outweighed the cost especially because I am at the beginning of my career. Because of the quality of the instructors, the opportunities the bootcamp unlocks, and the interesting subject material I would recommend this bootcamp to anyone looking for a challenging way to jumpstart their machine learning adventure.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Amazing bootcamp and experience! The teachers and TA's are extremely knowledgable and caring- going over and beyond in their support of students. The program is also exceptionally well-managed and upper management genuinely cares about the success of... Read More their students; both throughout the bootcamp and after graduation.As in most things in life- you will get what you put in. Be prepared to work really hard- you will learn a TON and set yourself up for success in the data science field. You will also build an outstanding network and support system of like-minded, good people!HIGHLY recommended!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I have a Ph.D. in Organic Chemistry, and was looking for a career change before coming to NYCDSA. A friend of mine who had finished the bootcamp and got his Data Scientist job shortly after introduced me to the bootcamp. The program was quite intense... Read More and comprehensive. The course materials are well prepared and presented. As someone who didn't have much prior coding experience, I was able to absorbing pretty much everything without any problem. Out of the bootcamp, I felt very confident about my technical skills and understanding of data science.The job assistance from NYCDSA was valuable for me. They had sessions during the program to prepare resume and workshops for graduates to prepare for interviews. More importantly, their hiring event and referrals helped me to get interviews so that I can show the skills I have gained from the bootcamp. In fact, I got my job through their referral. Overall, it was a great experience for me. If you are motivated, interested in data science and willing to put in your effort, the bootcamp will be a rewarding journey for you.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I was glad that I took the bootcamp in NYC Data Science Academy where I started my journey in data science. I had some experience in data analytics before coming to the bootcamp and I really want to learn more about machine learning and algorithm. The... Read More bootcamp does a great job in offering the intro to ML, Deep learning etc and I really appreciate the way in which we worked as a group to finish our ML and capstone projects. It is intensive but it's definitely rewarding if you put all your efforts in. The instrutors and TAs are helpful in guiding us with homework and projects. I also made friends with some bootcamp alumni who are both supportive and wholesome. I finally decided to do a master degree in Data Science and the experience in bootcamp contributes a lot in my application. They also connected me to previous graduate who was able to refer me for internship opportunities. If there is one thing that the bootcamp could improve, it would be that the instructors don't have much experience working in the industry before they become the faculty. It would be more helpful if they know the industry expectation and how to tailor the curriculum to the industry demand. In all, I really recommend this bootcamp!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I completed the 12-week immersive bootcamp, which ran from early January to the end of March. The first few weeks focus mainly on building basic coding skills, and it did help that I was coming from an academic background with some prior experience in... Read More R, but I would highly recommend completing the pre-work before you come in. The projects were a great way for us to get some hands-on experience while also giving us the opportunity to work on our communication skills through oral presentations to our classmates and instructors. During and after the bootcamp, the NYCDSA team also helps us with resume and interview preparation and also put on a hiring event a little less than a week after our graduation. I was actually interviewing with several companies (some from the hiring event and some from external job applications), but I ultimately decided to accept an offer from a great company through the hiring event.There are only 12 weeks in the bootcamp--use your time wisely. Study hard, make friends, work on improving all of your skills (especially your weakest points). You will get what you want out of this bootcamp as long as you are willing to put in the work.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
I took the Python course about Data Analysis and Visualization. Tony taught everything in a very clear and organized manner. Highly recommend the course to anyone who are interested to learn more about data analytics and pursue the data scientist career.... Read MoreRead Less,nyc-data-science-academy
I attended the Introductory Python course at NYC Data Science Academy taught by Tony Shultz.I really appreciate his style of teaching - it was a great balance of theory and practice. He also brought a lot of energy to the class which made a big difference... Read More especially as it was in the evenings after work. He also takes the time to go through the HWs and clarify students' questions - he is clearly very engaged in teaching and makes a lot of effort to support his students. I highly recommend this class.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
I attended the Introductory Python course.I really enjoyed this class and after just one month I feel like I have strong foundation of Python. (I had no coding expirience prior taking the course).Classes were a combination of theory and practice. Anthony... Read More Schultz did a great job with covering all necessary course material and making it interesting and funny!Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"The course “Data Science with Python: Data Analysis and Visualization” is perfect if you are fairly new to “Data Science”. It begins with a general overview of basic knowledge in python before going to the analysis content. You will learn Numpy, Pandas,... Read More Visualization and Seaborn after you finish the course. The instructor Anthony Schultz introduced every chapter in a slow and comprehensive pace. The course notes are well organized. You can ask any questions during the class and Anthony will explain your question with great amount of details. I would love to recommend to take this class if you are planning to pursuing your career in Data Science. Five Stars!!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
The instructor is great and the course is organized.,nyc-data-science-academy
"I went through the NYCDSA 12-week Bootcamp in Fall 2018 and later stayed as a TA for the next cohort.Before joining the Academy, I had a significant coding experience both in R and Python. Still, I learned a lot. My main goal was to structure my knowledge... Read More and learn how to code at the production level. Also, I figured that the program would strengthen my resume as I was switching from investment banking/VC world to Data Science.The Bootcamp is a very immersive experience, and as it is the case with many programs, you get out what you put into it. The curriculum is packed with practical and theoretical knowledge and can keep you busy most evenings/nights during the Bootcamp. For those who have limited or no coding experience, there is a pre-course work online with hours of training videos and hundreds of exercises. Instructors are extremely knowledgeable and can be a great asset if you decide to experiment with your Capstone Project.Speaking of the Capstone, the Bootcamp leaves you with four projects: web-scraping, visualization, Machine Learning, and a Capstone of your choice. These projects were beneficial for me when I talked to potential employers.Now probably the most crucial part. The school is very well connected with high calibre hiring partners from various industries. Most of my classmates landed jobs within a couple of months after graduation. In my case it, it took about two months of a very focused search to get two offers from the companies I dreamt working for.All in all, I could not be happier with my experience.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Pros: material is very useful, and lectures are clear. Homework is very important for review.Cons: there are only 8 classes in total, maybe 12 classes would be better.",nyc-data-science-academy
"You can read books about deep learning and in fact the instructor Jon Krohn has a new book out as well. However, there is a gap between reading and understanding conceptually and writing code to solve a real-world problem. This course completely fills... Read More the gap. The instructor does give you the conceptual foundations, assuming no prior knowledge. I did have some prior knowledge, but still the class is self-contained. I would say 30-40% of class time is spent discussing code that solves a practical problem. I think this is the perfect balance: you can't delve more into code without a global understanding why all those parameters may be required and you can't delve deeper into theory without neglecting the practical question of ""where do I begin"". The instructor is very personable and easy to approach about his own experience in the industry.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This bootcamp completely exceeded my expectations. The curriculum was challenging and thorough. The instructors were intelligent and very helpful outside of the classroom. My classmates were very bright, helped foster a fast paced program, and I never... Read More expected that we’d have a lot of fun too. Of course the bootcamp helped with my Python, R, and SQL skills, but I also gained public speaking and teamwork skills from the project-focused curriculum. The career advice given to us about job-searching, communication skills, and analytics in the workplace were valuable too and I can’t recommend it enough. 11/10.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The NYC Data Science Academy is an amazing place to get started if you are looking to make a transition into Data Science.That being said, you really need to do the pre-work before the boot camp and having math and stats knowledge is very helpful. The... Read More program is very challenging and covers a broad range of material to get you exposed to the vast realm that is 'Data Science'. You will work with great instructors who are extremely helpful and really care about the students. If you put in the effort it is truly a transformative experience. I could not have landed my most recent job without the skill set I acquired in this boot camp. Finally, you will also make a few friends along the way with your great classmates :)Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the immersive 12-weeks bootcamp during fall cohort 2018. It took me a while to write this review because I am busy but happily working as a Data Scientist, solving exciting and challenging data problems. The instructors are very attentive and... Read More helpful. If you are Math/Statistics background, it would help a lot during the bootcamp. But the instructors make sure you understand the theories through well-designed course structure, examples and practices no matter what your background is. Not only do they teach you on data science and technical tools, but they also offer exceptional advice on searching and interviewing for jobs. Their support is amazing and is what helped me get my current job. Special thanks to Luke and Vivian!The immersive program was intense but I also learned a lot from fellow students. I made a lot of great friends through the bootcamp. You get to know people from various academic backgrounds and industries. You would learn how they formulate solutions to data problems in their domain, which are always enlightening. Shout out to team JLP aka team Ostrich Pillow!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I joined NYCDSA for their 12-week bootcamp in fall 2018. I had graduated with a PhD in biology that summer, but I was looking to improve my data science skills (which were limited to basic knowledge of R) to work towards a more quantitative scientific... Read More career. My decision paid off, as I am now working as a bioinformatics data scientist after a relatively short (~2 month) job search and interview process.NYCDSA has a great deal to offer to anyone looking to move into data science. They provide excellent career counseling throughout the course and connect students to a large number of opportunities in many different fields (finance, marketing, biomedical, business operations, etc) through in-course talks/panels, and a very large career/hiring event after completion. The career guidance is an invaluable aspect of the course.During these 12 weeks, I learned more than I thought possible. I was one of those who considered trying to teach data science to myself. After doing the bootcamp, I would now discourage this for the following reasons: 1) The projects: You will complete 4 thorough projects, with experienced instructors and TA’s, which will serve as a critical piece of your resume during the application process. *I specifically went through my projects and code while interviewing for the job that I ultimately accepted. 2) The aforementioned career guidance, which was so indispensable. And 3) You will learn far more efficiently here than you would on your own. There is simply too much material to learn in such a short time – without knowledgeable instructors who know how to plan and execute a curriculum, you will take much longer to master the same amount of material.Be warned – the course is very challenging and will require a lot out of you. It is designed, and is most effective, for driven individuals looking to push hard and create opportunities for themselves in the data science field. A small number of the students were frustrated by the amount of content and workload, but in my opinion, NYCDSA is teaching you as much as you need to be competitive as a data science candidate. Read other reviews from people with no coding experience who were hired as data scientists – this is only possible because of the challenging 12-week curriculum offered here. Bottom line, it’s a great career move if you are properly motivated – I highly recommend it!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I graduated from NYC Data Science Academy as a part of the Winter 2018 Cohort and then worked in biotech for the year afterward. When I was ready to search for more Data Science roles, NYCDSA's job fulfillment assistance was still there to provide support,... Read More eventually connecting with a Data Scientist Role within Unilever. Their ongoing effort to provide their students with the tools to find, and succeed at, Data Scientist roles continues to impress me.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I had a great time at the bootcamp. Everyone involved including students and staff are like a family, and I was able to gain proficiency in python, R, SQL, and machine learning. I was contacted and offered a position after I received resume help from... Read More the staff, and I started working immediately after the camp.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I came across NYC Data Science Academy when I was looking for certification courses with classroom learning and I am glad I made a decision to take it up. It was a well planned course which was spread over five Sundays. Our instructor, Anthony Schultz,... Read More was extremely knowledgeable and passionate about teaching Python which made the whole course a very enjoyable experience. The course content had in depth coverage with examples to elaborate each concept, giving us the opportunity to learn as we progress. By the end of this course, you would get a good grip of Python which you can apply in your daily work.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Data Science with Python: Data Analysis and Visualization course with Tony. The content was a wide-ranging overview of basic Python, Numpy, Scipy, Pandas, and Matplotlib (and a little Seaborn) that managed to fit into 5 weeks. The materials... Read More were well-organized and gave good opportunities to practice. Tony was extremely helpful and made all questions welcome.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"According to the course overview: ""This is a class for computer-literate people with no programming background who wish to learn basic Python programming.""A better description of the course: This is a class for computer-literate people with some programming... Read More background who wish to learn basic Python programming. I would not say this course is for people with no programming background. Given the instruction, the population of students in my class, along with the questions my peers asking, it was clear that most people were proficient in at least one programming language. This is not to dissuade anyone from taking this course; however, you should be aware that to call this is an introduction to Python is a bit of stretch. That said, Anthony is a good instructor and is willing to answer questions during lectures so long as it is relevant to the topic at hand. I appreciate that he delayed more complicated questions until we reached a certain point in the lecture (again, this speaks to what aspects of the course are actually introductory). This could be considered an introductory course if you are not working a 9-5 job and have the time to study daily. I spent my weekends reviewing lectures and doing homework for five weeks.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"If you need a quick brush-up, or learning Python for the first time, you've come to the right course. I came to this class with very limited knowledge of Python programming language, and this is also the pre-work class for the boot camp program. After... Read More 6 weeks I feel very comfortable to understand the basic python language and be able to code some simple program. The instructor Tony is very helpful and extremely patient, he will answer any questions you ask with a specific examples. The studying material is very comprehensive followed by quizzes to test your understanding level. Big recommendation for signing up this class.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This course is an excellent introductory course to Python. The course, as the title suggests, is introductory, but I feel provides an excellent foundation for being able to learn how to utilize Python for hopefully the automation of much more complicated... Read More tasks than what was discussed within the class. Tony does an excellent job of explaining the fundamentals of how Python (and many computer programs) treats certain data structures by using parallels to hypothethical real world examples that I dont believe would be effectively replicated by any textbook based teachings. Overally, I definitely would recommend this class to others that are seeking to understand basic data structures and control statements in the context of Python.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the 5 week Python course with Anthony Schultz . I will say that the course was challenging but Anthony explained the material in such a way that it was easier to grasp, he was patient and really took the time to make sure that we all felt comfortable... Read More with what we were learning. What I enjoyed most was coming to class and hearing how my peers or instructor approached a problem that was either in the homework or lecture. After taking this course I feel more confident in my coding abilities and hope to be able to take another course at NYC Data Science Academy again!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"5-week class with Anthony Schultz. Solid class in acquiring the basics of python coding. Methodical weekly build coupled with Tony's patient approach made for a good base of python knowledge to move forward. Option of extra time before class to go through... Read More assignments or ask questions was very helpful. Does require concerted personal time to solve homework assignments for those with no coding background. Overall, would solidly recommend.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
I attended the 5 week Python course with Anthony Schultz . The syllabus was extremely comprehensive and provided a very well structured approach to Python and its applications. Anthony was a fantastic teacher and effectively covered a wide range of concepts... Read More and topics in a short time period. I enjoyed the weekly homework problems as well - they cemented what was learnt in class and really made me think. I feel a lot more comfortable in my coding abilities and would highly recommend this course.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
I had a good time learning Python with Tony. We went through things in sufficient detail and pace. I thought the course was thorough and concise without much extra unnecessary info. I enjoyed the homework problems and thought they were challenging. I... Read More would recommend this class in the future to people looking to beef up their data analysis skills.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"New York Data Science Academy &amp; Python for Data Anslysis and Visualization This course was not only extremely cutting-edge for all of today's industries and work areas but it gave me a great deal of confidence to continue my data and computer science... Read More studies at the next level. This course has actually inspired me to not only enroll in other NYC Data Science Classes but also think longer-term about continuing graduate level work in CS. This was my first class at NYCDSA and all I an say is I am extremely grateful to have had Dr. Anthony Schwartz as an instructor. Anthony keep the material vibrant and fun with colorful analogies that made the subject matter easy to digest and remember. This allowed for both an esoteric understanding of what was happening ""inside the code"" coupled with real-world applications that began to streamline and automate a lot of my day-to-day work right after Class 1. I cannot day enough good things about NYCDSA and Dr. Shultz !! Bob TriesteLong Island, NYRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This review is for the class: Data Science with Python: Data Analysis and Visualization taught by Anthony Schultz. I really enjoyed this class and learned a lot. As someone who already had an introductory understanding of Python, this class helped me... Read More strengthen my understanding of the fundamentals. From there I enjoyed covering a wide range of topics from Python scripting, parsing, cleaning, and graphing data. This course can be challenging because there is a new topic discussed each week, so there isn't a lot of time to refine new skills. I thought Tony was a great teacher and he always made himself available to answer questions. Overall I feel like it gave me all the tools I need to approach data science problems analytically and with confidence.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The program is very comprehensive. The syllabus is well structured. They make sure your time is only spent on most popular and useful technologies which are needed for a Data Scientist. I did some research before I choose the program. In my opinion NYCDSA... Read More has the most competitive arrangement of the courses. Python, R, Docker, Hadoop, Github are detailed explained. Prepare for a very intensive journey. After all the hard works you will be amazed about how much you can learn in 12 weeks. The instructors are very responsive. The TAs are also very helpful. They also hold events to build the relationship between you and the potential hiring partners.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Fantastic Bootcamp with very knowledgeable instructors. I went from a Bachelor's graduate to rapid promotions and a new job offer. Like all bootcamps, you can't be expected to be spoonfed knowledge and techniques. There is a tremendous effort involved.... Read More However, the instructors here are very skilled and will help you with any difficulties you may come across. The bootcamp is constantly evolving with providing students with the most recent and the most widely used packages. I have learned tremendously and this experience became a solid foundation to my career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This is perfect for you if you already have some coding and math background and want to tie it all together into data science. The instructors are invested and clearly know their stuff, but with this kind of material you really need to apply yourself... Read More and study on your own to gain a complete understanding. You will acquire a good foundational understanding of machine learning techniques, but I think even more valuable is the broad (though in some places not super deep by necessity) exposure to lots of different data science and data engineering tools (R, pandas, AWS, Spark, Hadoop, Keras). The field is huge, and this is a good place to start. You can go a lot of different directions with the knowledge you gain here.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I want to leave additional review about NYCDSA's great job hunting assistance program. I graduated last summer and switched jobs again recentaly. I'm glad that I had the continue support from the academy through out the whole process. From job references,... Read More coding reviews, alumni talks to interview tips, all prepared me to land the job that I am doing now. You can always reach out and get the support from the whole alumni networkRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I could not have been happier with the bootcamp experience I had at NYC Data Science Academy. The staff was incredible and does an amazing job of designing a curriculum and creating an environment for a broad range of participants to develop their data... Read More science skills. They are constantly working to update the curriculum and are very open to feedback. I gained a great deal of confidence with both the theory and applications behind supervised and unsupervised machine learning methods, data analysis, statistics, data visualization, and big data tools. I became very comfortable with both Python and R and completed four projects that were enormously helpful come interviewing time. Post-bootcamp, I received several job offers as a Data Scientist that I was very pleased with.Perhaps most importantly, should you decide to attend this bootcamp, you'll be joining a constantly growing alumni network. There will be endless opportunities for networking, corporate training, and engagement.I would highly recommend this bootcamp to an aspiring data science professional.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I chose the NYC Data Science Academy over other bootcamps mainly because of its outstanding reviews as well as the fact that it offers its courses simultaneously in R and in Python.After working through the extensive prework in Python, R, and SQL (an... Read More absolute must if you do not have any previous coding experience), I was perfectly prepared to attend the bootcamp.The bootcamp itself offered far more than I had expected. Phenomenal teachers that will give their everything to help you understand the topics, TA's that are always there to help with smaller questions as well as great classmates that made studying a lot easier. Nevertheless, you should not come here expecting a relaxed ride. Teaching data science in twelve weeks requires a fast pace and it will be up to you to put in those hours to complete the homework and review lectures.The curriculum itself is centered around four projects that deal with all aspects of the data science process, from gathering data (web scraping) over creating a dashboard to working on machine learning group projects. My initial intention coming here was to learn as much as possible as fast as possible and this bootcamp turned out to be everything that I had hoped for.On top of that, Vivian and the team offered several job search and interview preparation lectures and talks that I have not seen anywhere else. If you are looking for a data science bootcamp that covers all data science topics from start to finish and you are willing to put in the work, this bootcamp is the best decision you can make.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I didn't have a coding background and I was hired as a data scientist after graduating from the bootcamp.The program is extremely comprehensive, with challenging problem sets and 4 mandatory projects to showcase your abilities. For the last project, you... Read More have the opportunity to partner with firms the bootcamp has connections with to be able to apply your data science skills to a real world project.The support staff (TAs, teachers and bootcamp management) are always available and are more than helpful when job hunting. Not only does the bootcamp have deep connections with a multitude of firms, but they also setup a networking event for recent graduates to meet potential future employers which is how I ended up finding a job. The bootcamp also has a post-graduation curriculum which is extremely helpful when preparing for technical/white board interviews.The only downside would have to be the cost of attending both in terms of tuition and cost of living in NYC.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took NYC Data Science Academy's deep learning course, taught by Jon Krohn. Jon is a terrific teacher, and I would heartily recommend this course! Jon had tremendous enthusiasm and patience for questions while still keeping us on track with the schedule.... Read More He really broke things down into bite-size, understandable pieces, while still covering a lot of breadth and depth. I appreciated Jon making available his draft book, this really complemented the lectures. I liked the format of once-a-week lessons because it gave time for concepts to sink in and to practice things with my own data in between sessions. I appreciated that Jon made time to troubleshoot challenges we experienced in our own projects. The course was both a great introduction to concepts and to some of the ways people are applying deep learning; here examples from Jon's day job were valuable. One aspect of the course that was very helpful was that Jon set up a Docker environment for us, and shared very clear instructions for getting our computers set up with it in advance. We were all ready to go from the start. I'm all the more grateful for Jon having set that up after recently spending half of a workshop (run by a different data science academy) wrestling with Anaconda. The Jupyter notebooks all just worked, so we could focus on learning.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I came into the program from the finance industry, with two years of work experience, and no coding background. I knew I wanted to enter the data science industry from my interests attained from my company; however, I didn’t know how to make the transition... Read More from the finance to tech industry. I found out about the program through word of mouth and Google. I originally entered a bootcamp from the Flatiron School and was really unhappy with my experience - I ended up receiving a refund due to my poor experience, i.e., poor teaching, unformatted curriculum, and teacher turnover. I think the best way for me to tell you about my experience with this program is to compare my experience with a similar program at the Flatiron School. I was accepted into a beginners bootcamp for Data Science at the Flatiron School, mainly to see if data science is something I like and to prepare me for NYC Data Science Academy's bootcamp since I didn't have any coding experience really. Long story short and to be straightforward, my experience at the Flatiron School was horrible. The professors switched halfway through and while I'm sure they are very smart, their ability to teach was virtually non-existent. For example, one of the teachers would always ramble off technical terms and math equations when he could've stated the point of the equation. Keep in mind the beginners bootcamp was geared towards people with little to no mathematical experience, so rambling off complex equations and long words like ""multicollinearity"" is going to do practically nothing to those who have a small math background. In Flatiron's defense, when I took their bootcamp, I was one of their first class so I'm sure their bootcamp will improve with time. What happened for me was I actually got a ~60% refund because everyone in the class complained to the VP of education. On the other hand, my experience so far with NYC Data Science Academy is nothing but positive - I am so happy here and fully feel supported in my learning journey and career preparation. Professors here are very approachable and have an uncanny ability to explain complex ideas into very digestible and simple ideas. Moreover, before you even begin the program, you have a pre-work, which does provide a very good foundation of data science. For instance, the two videos on Python I had to watch was vastly better in information quality and summed up what I've learned at the Flatiron School in 5 weeks (note Flatiron School was ~ 7-10 weeks long). Once the program begins, you'll have homework, 4 projects (building an app, webscrapping, Kaggle competition, and capstone) starting the 2nd week of the program, and job placement prep work (resume/cover letter building, technical exam prep etc.). I think what really separates the Academy from every other program is by the time you graduate, you'll have a portfolio of 4 projects and 4 blog posts. Now, you might have some notion about blog posts, but they are super important because it shows employers you have the ability to perform technical work AND can write clearly to convey your findings. This combo makes you a unicorn in the data science industry since they have the stereotype of consisting of people without social and soft skills. Additionally, the career placement support is phenomenal - you'll get resume/cover letter/ email templates, technical question prep, and interview prep. They also have the equivalent of ""on-campus recruiting"" which makes a world of a difference than shipping your resume off via the internet.I've received an offer within the first week of being a TA and before the hiring event (the equivalent of on-campus recruitment). This is very fast for a program. Additionally, I’ll be joining a company I’ve wanted to work for since the first day of the bootcamp. The staff at NYC Data Science Academy put me in touch with people at the company at the beginning of the bootcamp, so I was able to keep in touch and network throughout the duration of the bootcamp. I could not be happier with my experience at the bootcamp, and will definitely be referring people to it and hire from the bootcamp once I’m further along in my career :)Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This program is fantastic! I didn't have a coding background and I got hired as a data analyst/scientist. They really do prepare you and offer great job support (includes training, problem sets, and code challenge reviews). The teachers are well connected... Read More and help you, no matter the prior experience. When you graduate, you graduate with a portfolio of projects AND a blog which is important as it showcases your writing capability.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I entered the bootcamp with a background in Mathematics and some previous exposure to machine learning theory. Programming was relatively new to me at the time, so my first course of action was to familiarize myself with Python and R. Thankfully, NYC... Read More Data Science Academy provided over 30hrs of pre-bootcamp material (video lectures, in-person lectures, and textbooks), which included coding in Python, R, and some introductory statistics. The program kicks off with a small overview of the tools needed to begin studying data science (mostly to bring everyone up to the same page), and then dives right in to data visualization as the first major topic of study. There is a strong sense of camaraderie with students throughout the program, and there is a strong family-like atmosphere in the space. Most importantly, the curriculum is very strong, and the instructors have deep practical and theoretical knowledge on the material covered. I found it a privilege to study under some of NYCDSA's staff, as they really are the cream of the crop. On top of a strong curriculum, there are many career workshops during and after the program is complete. Some of the workshops include professional development, discussions with industry leaders and practitioners (Kirk Borne spoke to my cohort), and interview/case study prep. The post-graduation network is incredibly strong and supportive for alumni seeking jobs, with frequent interview and networking opportunities provided. Vivian (the program founder) has a vast professional network, which she utilizes for student and alumni needs. I'm incredibly happy to have completed the program, and to have worked with such a terrific set of instructors, teaching assistants, and classmates during that time. I couldn't have asked for a better start to my data science career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Deep learning course conducted by Jon offers a great learning experience for people starting with their journey on deep learning. Jon starts with the basics and gradually moves on the advance topics. The topics are shared well in advance so that we can... Read More prep ourselves before the class. Jon mixes the intuitiveness and the mathematics on the topic in a balanced way. As part of the course, Jon also encourages everyone to do a project and offers great support. My only piece of constructive criticism (which by the way is not at all a criticism) would that the last class is a bit heavy content wise and hence breaking it down a little would be something to consider. Overall, I would highly recommend this course to someone who wants to start with deep learning.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"First off, my background: I have a PhD in mathematics. I learned coding (C++, python), machine learning and deep learning myself before bootcamp. But I still struggled to find a job. Therefore, I decided to attend an onsite bootcamp to boost my chance... Read More of landing a job. I picked NYCDSA because of recommendation from friends and positive online reviews.The overall experience with NYCDSA is amazing: Attending a bootcamp is different from learning from books/online lectures. It is more systematic and designed towards requirements on current job market. In addition to lectures, I have to do four projects on different aspects of data science (visualization, web scraping, machine learning, deep learning) where I get essential practice on how to apply theory to real problems. Besides, I made many good friends from different backgrounds and we learned a lot from each other. Last but not least, the career assistance is comprehensive: from resume review, mock interview to alumni referal and hiring event, the team there helped with every step in the job hunting process. In conclusion, I will recommend NYCDSA to anyone who would like to switch career to data science and is willing to work hard to get the most out of what the bootcamp can provide.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"To all those students who just graduated from undergrad, grad school, or just received you're doctorate listen here. In today's society, the depth of knowledge that someone obtains does not cut it anymore. You need to have one other skill. Consider it... Read More a dual major if you will. What I mean by this is, I've met the most intelligent people at the boot camp. Each with tons of experience or no experience at all, none the less, all highly informed people in one category. Unfortunately, the industry they're trying to get into just has too many barriers to enter. Here comes NYCDSA, a company that teaches you on the job skills. They give you all the necessary attention to finally get out of that pigeon hole, or finally get that first job. Employers want to see people with varying experiences. NYCDSA gives you the best mix of hands on projects and learning material.I want to note that, this boot camp is strictly based off you're individual performance. What you put in, is what you get out. I was very unsure about this program when I started, but I can tell you in hind sight, this was the best money and time spent. I learned a completely new industry skill set and finally in the industry I want to be in.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The Deep Learning course by Jon Krohn at the NYCDSA has been one of the best courses I've taken. With a focus on projects, Jon teaches students the tools they need to create their own deep learning project at any level. When I say at any level I really... Read More mean at any level. I'm a biology major originally and printed my first 'hello world' a year ago. Even with my very limited coding and programing background, I was able to complete a deep learning project involving creating my own labeled dataset and a convolutional network classifier. You can see it here on my medium page, https://medium.com/@jhaseon/glut1ko-genotyping-classifier-e49f0e5a4ca9. I really appreciated his course structure as he drills in the beginning of class what he terms 'arsenal' deep learning terms and theories which I believe played a huge role in my ability to even create a project. The course is just 5 weeks so a lot of information is packed in weekly, but it really is for deep learning hopefuls of all levels from the basics of keras in machine vision or natural language processing to the intricacies underneath tensorflow. Jon was insightful, responsive, and encouraging to his students throughout the course. He often broke down difficult theories and concepts on the whiteboard with easy to understand examples and drawings which I found very helpful. I am looking forward to more classes from him!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Jon's course on Deep Learning was great. It started with the basics including the background theory, then progressed to looking at concepts in different fields like computer vision, NLP, reinforcement learning, etc. It required a bit of programming experience,... Read More but not too much for those worried about their experience level. Likewise for math chops - having a basic understanding of linear algebra helps in understanding the theory, but it's not required to use it in practice. Following along in class was great, and the materials he had available for learning outside of the classroom were fantastic as well (i.e. his materials on GitHub, links from his presentations to outside materials, etc.) If Jon does a course on Intermediate/Advanced Deep Learning, or deep dives on topics within deep learning, I'll definitely be on the waiting list!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Overall, I had a great experience with NYC Data Science Academy (NYC DSA). I was part of the fall 2018 bootcamp cohort. Specifics regarding the different components of my experience are listed below: * Recruiting: I found the alumni interviews and reviews... Read More on the website to be extremely helpful. Because I was not coming from a statistics or development background, it was great to see success stories from people who had similar educational backgrounds and work experience. During the interview process, the recruiting contacts were extremely helpful, welcoming, and engaging, which made my experience much better than the more ‘transactional’ feel that I received from other bootcamps. Another key factor for me choosing this bootcamp is that NYC DSA allows you to complete the pre-work after you have been accepted. * Curriculum: The curriculum gets very difficult very quickly, especially for those that have little experience with coding and statistics. For someone coming from a more business-facing background, it does require significant work and time to get up to speed throughout the entire bootcamp. NYC DSA does provide all materials (i.e., lecture recordings, lecture slides, homework solutions, theory reviews) online, so it is a good resource for those that need to self study outside of class. * Staff Engagement: Leadership individuals from NYC DSA’s program are very personable, open to questions, and receptive to feedback. They are very open to revising the curriculum based on suggestions, which I found to be refreshing compared to other educational programs that I have been a part of. I have a technology / business consulting background and I am continuing with the same career path after the bootcamp. It was a great experience to gain deep exposure into AI and machine learning; even though I will not be acting in a true Data Scientist role, this is the type of experience that I will use regularly while working on data-focused projects and initiatives.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Pros:- Sensible curriculum- Passionate and accessible instructors- Brilliant classmates- Comfortable facilityCons:- Not enough emphasis on SQL- Group labs should be assigned more often,nyc-data-science-academy
"My experience at NYCDSA was really great. All aspects of the program (the curriculum, the instructors, fellow students, and the job support) were top-notch! If I were sent back in time and had to make the choice again whether or not to join the bootcamp,... Read More I would say yes every time.The material they cover is three months of non-trivial exposure to a wide breadth of relevant, practically useful topics. And because they've been able to carefully tailor and refine the curriculum over the course of 15+ cohorts, it's highly distilled, but also designed in a way to constantly reinforce the most important concepts.Their job support and career coaching really streamlined the job search process for me. They have great industry connections, which increase opportunities. I found my current job from a hiring event the bootcamp hosts.But even beyond the course material and job support, it's the people and environment that really made the experience special for me. The instructors and TAs are both extremely knowledgeable and also super supportive and helpful. Additionally, you're surrounded by fellow students that come from all different background, but have all made the same choice as you, and they are all highly motivated and fully engaged - which is a rare thing.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The 12 weeks studies helped me get my first job in 2016 , and now the second job in 2018. What I learned from NYC Data Science Academy in 2016 is still helping me in my career!I attended the bootcamp of NYC Data Science Academy in the summer of 2016.... Read More I started my career as Data Analyst one month after the program. I chose this bootcamp because my friend got Data Science training there and got a Data Scientist job right after that. It was a very intensive training program with systematic classes and materials, which covered frontier machine learning algorithms and applications, big data tools, and analysis tools with a path you would be able to further develop your career. The instructors are top notch with mathematic Ph. D degrees. They condensed the Data Science skills and knowledges to approachable class materials. Hand by hand coding help. Vivian, the CTO, pushed us to our limitation and to get good job offers. Almost 99% of our classmates got job offer, where most of them are Data Scientist, and others are Data Analyst. The training was a whole package with knowledges, skills, resume writing and interview mock. Strongly recommend.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I went to NYCDSA in hopes of changing careers. My undergraduate degree was in statistics, and I worked as an actuary for 6 years and earned my actuarial credentials in this time. I was bored of actuarial work and was looking for a change into data science... Read More since my background was related. While I had the statistics knowledge, I needed to beef up my coding experience. After reading tons and tons of reviews of bootcamps, I narrowed it down to NYCDSA, Metis and Galvanize. NYCDSA had the most comprehensive syllabus and it looked like students found jobs relatively quickly after the bootcamp ended. NYCDSA lived up to my expectations with respect to how comprehensive the program was. The projects really helped me solidify my knowledge in Machine Learning techniques and my practice with coding. I will say, as an actuary and statistics major, my knowledge of statistics was already pretty decent. NYCDSA went through a semester's worth of course material in 1-2 days at times- this may be too fast to get a thorough understanding, however it's up to the student to study more outside of the bootcamp if needed. After the bootcamp, NYCDSA helped a ton with finding a job. After the hiring partner event, I had 5 interviews lined up with well established companies. Further, Vivian has connections with TONS of companies in NYC and her connections helped a lot with securing interviews beyond those at the hiring partner event. Vivian would reach out to us regularly to see how our job hunt is progressing and even offerred to have 1x1 sessions to make sure there was a constant pipeline of interviews. After 2 months of interviewing, I received 2 job offers. Both offers were from insurance companies that valued my actuarial background and my newly acquired data science skills. I can definitely say, I wouldn't have been able to land these jobs without being able to speak to the projects I did at NYCDSA during those interviews.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"As someone who read many reviews during my decision to switch to data science, I understand how important these testimonials are for prospective students. That being said, if you are apprehensive about changing careers or investing in a bootcamp, rest... Read More assured that NYCDSA provides a quality education and valuable resources. This industry changes so fast. With that said, the academy really has their ear to the wall when in comes to new technologies, software, and machine learning algorithms. This will really keep your skill set competitive in the market no matter when you choose to join the program. Many other reviews have addressed the strength of the curriculum. So I want to comment on another benefit: Your professional network will grow tremendously by attending the program. When it comes to job searching, it's all about engaging with your network, hearing about opportunities from peers, alumni, and faculty, and getting referrals. The people you meet here can really be your support system for your job search and beyond.When it comes to how fast you can get a job, a lot depends on how well you learned the material and getting those elusive referrals.This bootcamp is by no means easy. You will be studying and brushing up on skills after you get your diploma!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"For someone without much programing experience or statistical training but want to get into data science. This is a great bootcamp for you to start. This does not mean it's easy, you still will have a lot of struggle and late night working on projects,... Read More but the school sets a great learning path and offer amazing assistance along the way.I'll list a few reasons why I picked NYCDSA : First, it has the most comprehensive and transparent curriculum online. It covers both Python and R and the skills and toolsets you get to use on the 4 projects are the most widely used ones across the industry. Second, it has pre-work and devotes the first 4 weeks of the bootcamp to review and practice the programming skills in the pre-work. This is really helpful for someone not coming from a CS background like me, helps me to better focus and learn the machine learning concepts that come later in the course. Third, the school is always updating the curriculum to catch up with the trend such as including deep learning and big data track upon students choice. Fourth, the final project is with real companies and dealing with real world business problems, which is always good talk about during job interviews. Fifth, the job hunting assistance is super, vivian is always on top of everything and ready to help. Having finished the program and landing a job offer after a few months. I'd say joining NYCDSA is definitely one of the best choices of my life. I have got what I came for, which is switch my career path. But I realized I gained so much more than that. I made a lot life-long friends who share the same passion and will continue to support each other in the future career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Excellent course for people who performs data manipulation is a regular basis. Tony is an Excellent instructor,nyc-data-science-academy
"Python is an excellent way of data analysis, I encourage everyone to learn python if they are in a type of Job that utilize data as the main source of their everyday task Excelled course!!!",nyc-data-science-academy
There is a lot to learn in this course and the curriculum is pretty hefty. Make sure to have a good background in Python before attending this course otherwise you might get lost pretty quick.,nyc-data-science-academy
"I am a Biology PhD and and I took the summer Data Science bootcamp at NYC Data Science Academy (NYCDSA). I can say that it exceeded my expectations in all stages of the journey towards a Data Science career. My objective of transitioning to a Data Scientist... Read More position was met in less than a month of full time job searching after finishing the bootcamp. I was actually accepted to the Data Incubator program but decided to join NYCDSA instead given its longer duration, stronger focus on education and broader job placement opportunities.The twelve weeks of the bootcamp were the most intense and productive weeks of my life. I have never learned so much and so fast (and I’m a PhD!) If you work hard, the final product is beautiful -- a well rounded Data Science portfolio with 4 creative projects that showcase different Data Science tools with its corresponding Github repositories, a polished resume and a solid coding and Machine Learning knowledge. My perspective on the different stages of the process are the following:1. Pre-work. I appreciate the fact that NYCDSA provides your with interactive material to work through R and Python basics. I methodically worked through it 4 months prior the start date. Having dedicated time and effort to this part gave me a kick-start and allowed me to reinforce that knowledge during the bootcamp. 2. Bootcamp. The quality of the projects, Github repositories and preparation for Data Scientist interviews depends on the effort you put in this part. I can only encourage you to carefully work on every project and every class. It pays out. The curriculum is very complete and the Machine Learning classes are exceptional; something I would latter appreciate during my on site interviews. NYCDSA also gives coaching for interview and resume preparation and even provides a professional headshot. 3. The job search. I did not expect so much help and support in the job search process. I had regular follow up with NYCDSA hiring team and referrals for many companies through their contacts. I also had the chance to do a mock interview with one of the NYCDSA connections. Summing up, I fully endorse NYCDSA as an institution that provides a solid foundation of Data Science skills and support that allows student to be successful in their new career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Anthony was great - really got into the practical uses of python for data analysis and had really useful analogies to understanding different topics and concepts. Really enjoyed the class and felt like I could take something practical away from it.,nyc-data-science-academy
"Anthony managed to pack a ton of information into a very short course. Fortunately, his teaching style made this an enjoyable experience and I plan to continue my Python journey now that the course is complete.",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYCDSA is definitely a great program for anyone looking to get into data science. I can honestly say it was one of the most challenging and rewarding things I have done. Despite not coming from a STEM background or having any sort of relevant experience... Read More initially, the bootcamp still prepared me to be able to land a data science job after. Prior to deciding to join the bootcamp I was referred by a friend who also did not come from a STEM background that highly recommended the program. I decided to try a part time Python course that was offered by the academy to see if this was something I could continue to pursue while also doing more of my own research. After the class I applied and got into the January cohort but decided to defer my acceptance to the following cohort. I think that if anyone is considering the bootcamp and does not have any sort of applicable experience like myself, I highly recommend giving yourself time to complete as much of the pre-work as possible before diving in. Between Python and R, I would try to get as familiar with Python as possible through the pre-work and even beyond that if possible. The staff emphasized this during the interview process and after being accepted, but this became even more apparent once the bootcamp started. The first few weeks of the cohort were more of a review from the pre-work and the class I had taken as we quickly learned both R and Python. However, because I had completed the course and completed a good amount of pre-work, I was able to focus more on solidifying concepts rather than struggling to understand and keep up with learning the code on the fly. This also helped towards the end when completing more complex projects, but I think that if I had dedicated an even greater amount of time beforehand, this could have helped me to push myself even further during the bootcamp. The reason I picked NYCDSA was because it had the best overall reviews and I wanted to learn both Python and R (I noticed some other bootcamps focused only on Python). The whole program was well structured and organized, but quickly became very intense once we started going into completely new material. It is all definitely manageable however, and what you get out of it really will be what you put into the bootcamp yourself. The staff also makes sure to simultaneously help you get your resume ready by the time you graduate and prep you for what to expect for interviews. In terms of my experience post bootcamp, the staff still does everything they can to support you in the job hunting process which I really appreciated and have a pretty large network to tap into. For myself, there was a lot of work to be done in terms of networking and preparation given that I was pivoting into an entirely different field, but I found that domain experience definitely helped in my case in terms of getting some interviews. When I look back on the bootcamp I'm really amazed at all we accomplished and learned in a relatively short time. I also made a lot of close friends in my cohort given that the majority of our time during the three months was spent together. It was great to learn alongside people with diverse experiences/backgrounds and I feel that for the most part everyone was supportive of one another. If you're interested in the field, willing to sacrifice the time, and want to challenge yourself, then I highly recommend signing up!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This course has been my first attempt to learn how to code. I have enjoyed it a lot. Very interesting, and I would recommend it to anybody that, as myself, has no prior experience with coding. Among other things, our teacher ( Tony Schultz) was outstanding.... Read More He is extremely well prepared, very focused on actually making us learn and like Python, is well organized, and has a very engaging way of running his lessons. Overall it has been a great experience, and it's very likely that I will take other classes at NYC Data Science Academy.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This review is for the Introduction to Python course. My background is in business intelligence, business process and data governance. I use SQL at my job daily but have had no formal programming training.The introduction Python course was perfect for... Read More beginners. Tony, my instructor was extremely knowledgeable and did a fantastic job explaining concepts clearly. I was very impressed with the number of topics that were covered in 8 sessions and how organized the course and the communication was. For an evening class after a full work day, his personality kept the class lively and interesting. If you’re like me and coming in with no programming background, I highly recommend reading up and taking some free online Python courses beforehand. Overall, this was a great learning experience and I highly recommend NYCDSA.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Best decision I have ever made for my career. If you also have realized that the way we collect, analyze, understand, and utilize data will determine the future and potentially your career path too, this boot camp is what you need to do. I came in expecting... Read More a strict syllabus and skilled instructors but what I got was so much more. My experience with the NYC Academy for Data Science was fascinating, exhausting, humbling, and rewarding. I learned more than I could have imagined and I made new life-long friends. Your fellows will be a colorful mix from across degrees, disciplines, and nationalities. That also means that you will hear and learn from different perspectives, which will expand your horizon significantly. All instructors and TAs (highly skilled, smart, funny, friendly, and fantastic) are there to support and help you with whatever problem you have and the syllabus is business-oriented to prepare you the best way possible for your future endeavors. After 12 weeks, you will know how to code, how to tackle data science projects, and how to communicate your findings effectively. You will also know how to manage Big Data or how to build complex Deep Learning algorithms.It won't be easy though and although they give you all the resources you need, it will be up to you how much you get out of it. So expect all-nighters, some frustrating and seemingly hopeless moments combined with desperate runs to the coffee machine. BUT IT IS WORTH IT. You can do anything for 3 months and if you put all you have into it, you won't regret a single minute. I would do it again. Like I said, best decision I have ever made for my career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"First, a little about my background. I have a PhD in physics. In the years I spent in graduate school, I had gained some experience in coding, statistics and data analysis. I did not have industry experience and was not really sure how to switch to the... Read More field of Data Science after so many years in academia. In the spring of 2018, when I was looking to join a Data Science bootcamp, I searched for programs which would put strong emphasis on both Python and R, and also provide me with ample opportunities to do project work, i.e., let me build a data product from scratch. The project part was particularly important to me because I felt that will be extremely valuable when interviewing for jobs. NYC Data Science academy seemed to fill the bill perfectly, so I decided to join them for the summer 2018 cohort. I will admit that I was a little skeptical about the utility of a 12-week bootcamp. But four months on, I can unequivocally say that joining the bootcamp turned out to be a great decision for me. Of course in any intense bootcamp like this, it depends largely on you what you are going to get out of it. The thing the bootcamp does really well is to provide you with great resources-- very knowledgable and approachable faculty, a very good team of teaching assistants, good course materials, and excellent level of job assistance. The hiring event at the end of program was super useful. I cannot overstate the importance of meeting so many hiring managers from well established companies. Last but not the least, I had the chance to make a bunch of very close friends, who will form the backbone of my data science network for many years to come. The job support team and the event organized by the bootcamp helped me get more than one job offers within one month of graduation, and I accepted one to finally start my career as a data scientist. I highly recommend this program, specifically for people who are switching from academia.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I'm a math PHD who successfully made the career pivot into data science with the help of NYCDSA. I chose them over other data science courses because of their glowing online reviews and were Switchup's number one pick. I was not disappointed with my choice.... Read MoreI joined as much for their hiring network and support as for the course content. They connected me with several good job opportunities immediately upon graduation and I was hired for a fantastic job opportunity just one month later. At NYCDSA, they are invested in your success and will continue to support you long after you graduate from the boot camp.Before the boot camp, I was minimally familiar with Python and R and knew nothing about machine learning. By the end, I feel confident that I can apply myriad machine learning techniques competently using Python or R, with two complete projects that prove it. To come so far in just 12 weeks is fantastic value.I had a great experience at NYCDSA and can wholeheartedly recommend them to anyone serious about a career in data science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I came to this program with a background in neuroscience, lots of coding in MATLAB, and lots of statistics but NO experience with Python, R, or most Machine Learning techniques. And I got exactly what I wanted to get out of it: lots of great practical... Read More experience in R, Python, various machine learning/statistics, and a confidence in approaching technical interviews. The program starts slow with Prework that is essential especially if one has never coded before, but also very useful even if you have experience in a different language (like me in MATLAB), and then it ramps up fast. By week 6 you've completed two aggressive projects in a data visualization app and web-scraping. The last two projects are ML-related and boosted my confidence in applying, evaluating, and discussing these techniques (very important for interviews). By the end, you are ready for the job search, and they were very helpful in getting us to make as many connections as possible.This program can be as challenging as you want - the materials and the instructors are there to help you succeed with as ambitious a project as you might want. Unlike university/regular school, they are not there to handhold or even grade you. They set the expectations and are there to help you meet or surpass them. I was mostly motivated by myself and my peers, who were a diverse and impressive bunch. I was happy to note that our cohort had a gender ratio of about 50/50, although depends from group to group. I ultimately chose NYCDSA because I wanted experience in both R and Python, and I am glad that I did. Overall, it was exactly what I wanted it to be, and I am very confident in my data science skills because of it.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I have worked in financial services for 8 years and realized how technology has changed this industry so I decided to learn data science. With master in economics and CFA, I think my weakness is programming and modeling, getting a proper training would... Read More be the most efficient way to make me a data scientist. While comparing a few bootcamp programs, I chose NYCDS for 3 reasons: 1. Great content: teaching both R and Python, also include hands on sessions for SQL, AWS, deep learning, NLP etc; 2. Great teacher and students: the founder and fellow teachers, guest teachers all worked on or currently working on data science projects in different industry, students having strong background with different domain knowledge; 3. The online full-time program fits my schedule after discussion with my manager.The skills I learned by completing the 4 projects could be directly apply to my work.The 12 week bootcamp was intense, but I learned so much by pushing myself to my limit. I am not only self-motivated, but also motivated by my peers. I felt so excited about the synergy between my and my teammates in group projects while working hard together. While achieving my goal of improving programming and modeling skills, I also becoming much more open-minded and not afraid to start from beginning learning new technical skills at any time. After completing the bootcamp, I applied the skills I learned and created an application at work which is becoming a popular tool. NYCDS is very supportive, teachers, TAs, fellow students, alumni as well as the founder of the school can provide you any resource you need to help you achieve your goal. If I can redo this program again, the only change I will make is applying earlier. In this way, I can prepare myself longer in the pre-bootcamp training so that I can explore more during the bootcamp. This bootcamp is a life change experience for me. I highly recommend this program!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Getting straight to the point, this bootcamp is for people who actually want to learn data science, not for people who are looking to get paid more money. If you don't have the passion and grit to handle an intensive bootcamp as NYCDSA teaches, don't... Read More bother coming. I am coming from a B.S. in Biology and worked for 3 years at a large company and this is my advice to those who have NO CODING experience.Advice:-DO ALL THE PREWORK. This is not a joke, do all the prework as much as you can to be prepared for what's to come during the bootcamp. Yes, it will be disappointing failing over and over again but you need to be okay and comfortable failing in order to be learning the material that is given to you-SUPPLEMENTAL COURSES. Along with the pre-work, they recommend you take Andrew Ng's Machine Learning course and brush up on your linear algebra because you'll need it for the end of the course and you won't have time to do that during the time of the course-TRY, FAIL, REPEAT. In order for you to get comfortable with coding, you're gonna need to repeat the same line of code over and over again until you get it in your head. I know, because I had to do this myself throughout the whole course.-ASK YOUR NEIGHBOR. The first day is always awkward meeting new people, but with how much work you have to do, you'll get over it fast and want someone else's view on a particular matter. The teachers there are great, but sometimes you'll need someone to explain in a new way or you have to explain it to someone else so you can solidify your own knowledge. So do yourself a favor and ask a neighbor before asking the teacher first.-PREPARE. This course can be a breeze, or this course can be a challenging experiencing. It is so easy for anyone to come and just breeze through all the material they give you, but it is really up to you to make it harder for yourself and learn topics and implementing them right away. If you want to make the most out of it then you need to COME EARLY, STAY LATE, ASK QUESTIONS.Many think this course starts off slow, but take this time to grab a strong foundation in your coding skills in R and Python because after the first weeks are gone, you're gonna miss it. The course becomes relentless in terms of the material they give you and how much time you have to get it done.PROS:- This bootcamp helps those who have no coding experience but does require you to have some knowledge in statistics and linear algebra (if you don't have any of that under your belt, brush up)-Materials given to learn and understand the material is a great learning experience-Super friendly and willing to help you-Upfront about hiring and what you need to do to get hired-Hiring event was an amazing opportunity to get you started with interviewsCONS:-Some of the teaching staff know English as a second language, so it may be difficult for some to understand clearly what they are trying to explain. Be patient and ask questions when appropriate if you are confused.-Space is rather small and does not provide the most optimal space to do group projects.-Although the hiring event was absolutely amazing, some of the requirements do ask a pretty demanding qualification and a majority of job postings are not entry level/associate positions (keep this in mind)CONCLUSIONI recommend this course to anyone who is planning to take data science as a new career path. Keep in mind that this field is interdisciplinary and allows for people of all range of backgrounds to be in data science. The teacher, staff, and fellows were amazing and glad I got to learn as much as I did, however, after this bootcamp, it is actually just the beginning of how much you actually can learn of what's out there in the field today.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"SummaryThe NYC Data Science Academy is a wonderful organisation comprised of passionate and deeply knowledgeable people. Their curriculum is top notch, fast but fairly paced, and teaches the skills needed to be successful in any data scientist position.... Read More The course requires completion of four major projects which not only gives you real coding experience, but enables you to walk away from the program with solid evidence that you have the coding skills and knowledge of theory required to be successful in the field of data science. Along the way, you will make many new friends and you will expand your network of data scientists to help in your job search. If you work hard to make the best effort you can, three months from now you will be writing a review just like me about how you made the right call to join the NYC Data Science Academy.My BackgroundI graduated with a bachelor's in Biology from an Ivy League school in December 2017. While looking for jobs, I realized that if I wanted to land the kind of research position I wanted I had a much longer road in academia than I had originally anticipated. I ran into an old friend who had completed a web development bootcamp and he told me to look into similar programs. After speaking with another friend who is a CTO of a startup, he suggested that I look into data science programs because of the increasing demand in the field. I had some experience coding in Java, but nothing crazy and I hadn't really coded in years. I have always had an interest in computers and I really enjoy the problem solving aspect of data science, so I figured I'd take the risk to change career paths.The CourseI had three specific things in mind when searching for the right program for me. These were:1) Multiple projects throughout the program2) Reviewed highly by graduates3) Programming languages taught include Python, R, and SQLI think these are important qualities for any data science program, but they were specifically important to me because I was making the switch from a non-technical field.First, the projects were a must because I wanted to leave the program knowing I had something concrete to show employers. NYC Data Science Academy has 4 dedicated projects so that when you graduate from the program you have solid evidence of your skills as a data scientist. The last is a capstone project which allows you to work with a real business on a real business problem. This is a great opportunity to prove your worth as a data scientist.Second, I wanted to find a program that was rated very highly by its graduates. NYC Data Science Academy has some of the best reviews I've seen of any data science program, and for good reason. The instructors have a deep understanding of the material and they are both friendly and professional. The curriculum is as hard as it needs to be for a 12-week program, but the pace the instructors set is fair. The TAs are a tremendous resource and they are available for a reasonable amount of time to get your questions in. The course explores the most important aspects of data science and challenges you with case studies and coding challenges so that you can get a good idea of what to expect when you enter the industry.Third, I was looking for a program that taught Python, R, and SQL. These three languages are the most highly saught after in data science jobs I have seen, so learning them gives you a solid base for most opportunities out there. Many bootcamps offer Python, R, or SQL, but few offer all three. NYC Data Science Academy is one of those few.The ResultI was originally thinking about using free online resources to teach myself data science techniques, but after going through the bootcamp process, I am extremely glad I made the investment. I was able to accomplish in 3 months what would have taken me over a year to do by myself. I was also pleasantly suprised at how close I became with my fellow classmates. They were all wonderful and intelligent people and I now have a close network of capable data scientists who I can call upon in the future if I find myself in a rut. This is a massively valuable resource that I didn't even consider when applying for the bootcamp.The job preperation workshops were also immensely helpful when preparing for the job search. Things like resume reviews, mock interviews, and coding challenges helped to ease me into the world of professional interviewing. I am now on my way to becoming an expert interviewer. There is also a networking event at the conclusion of the program which allows you to get in touch with a diverse group of companies looking to hire. The very next week after graduating from the bootcamp I was actively talking with multiple employers.I remember reading in a lot of bootcamp reviews that what you get out is what you put in. I will reiterate this because it is absolutely true. This program is not a day care, its purpose is not to motivate you or convince you that this is your path. This program is meant to supply you with all the resources and tools you need to be successful in a data science career. If you go in with the mindset that you will work hard and do your best to learn more material than you thought you could, you will be successful. NYC Data Science Academy has everything you need to be a success, you just need to make the effort to reach out and take it.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the 12-week online bootcamp in 2017 because I was working as a Data Analyst during that time. The teachers are really nice and helpful. And they holds hiring events every 3 months to help students getting their jobs. The knowledge I have learnt... Read More there has definitely made a big change on my everyday job. My colleagues are just amazed by what I can do. Also, the cap-stone project I have done has literally given me the chance of co-founding a start-up. If that's not enough, Google just called me recently and offered me an opportunity for an on-site interview. Taking the bootcamp is one of the best decision I have made in 2017.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Overall extremely helpful for those who has little background in statistics or computer science but wants to start a career in data science.Pros:- Informational and intense curriculum design where you can learn almost everything you will need to pass... Read More the technical interview. - Well-trained instructors with PhD background and industry experiences. The instructors are all smart and helpful. - Helpful and competitive cohort with at least a master's degree in quantitative field. They will be your teammates for your last two projects which mimic the real work environment. Those experience will be the highlight on your resume and your most valuable part to talk about during the interview. - Multiple job opportunities and necessary training for job-hunting. At the end of this boot camp, there will be a hiring event where over 100 recruiters will come and talk to you about their opportunities in their company. Most of my cohort received invitation for on-site interview from at least two companies. 30%-50% of my cohort found a job from that hiring event. - Comfortable studying environment and rich resources such as AC, free coffee, and happy hours : ) - Convenient location. It is located in midtown NYC where food and transportation are accessible.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Well arranged curriculum.Very nice and helpful professors.Although it seems as a great initial investment, but definitely worth it",nyc-data-science-academy
"(It's hard to think up a review; it's easier to do simple Q&amp;A's)1. why you picked us, what comparison you made among us and others Ans: I picked NYC DSA after having compared its program with those from other similar boot camps in the NYC area. The one... Read More adjective I would think of for NYC DSA is: formal, in that Its curriculum is rigorous and comprehensive. When you think about it, that you do not need another two (or more) years in school for a degree in data science to get your started in data science, but only 12 months; it is definitely a good investment of your money and time.2. What was the good, bad (and the ugly :) )Ans: Pro: •	Curriculum/lectures are well designed and run by PhD's with industry backgrounds: there is a well-rounded balance of depth and width in the overall training.•	You get in-depth immersion to traditional/statistical machine learning theories, as well as enough exposure to advanced topics in time series, deep learning, big data tools (Hadoop/Spark) to get you started.•	Faculty/TAs are more than willing to help.•	Frequent visit of alumni to share industry experiences•	Great classmates and connections•	Great career support, and the well-connectedness of NYC DSA with industry definitely help you succeed in landing your first job! Con: None3. What benefits you gained from the programAns:•	The hiring event (job fair) itself alone is worth half the tuition since it lands you, with high probability, at a job, at the end of your boot camp. And you will feel lucky that you get to talk to hiring managers from those big-name companies! •	Projects during the boot camp are serious ones: you can discuss about them not like they are school projects. In fact, my capstone project was on a consulting problem for a Fortune 500 beverage company; in every interview people were very interested in that project and I felt good about myself to talk about it.•	Connections: with both the instructors (Aiko! My favorite instructor there and always learn a lot from him) and your lovely classmates (many are highly accomplished!) 4. Your own background and etc.Ans:Recent math PhD with specialty on partial differential equations and their analytical/numerical solutions. I was eager to start a career in industry upon finishing my degree. Data science/machine learning/artificial intelligence and stuff are cool, but they are built on fundamental ideas and algorithms that are either directly from or indirectly inspired by math/physics. While I enjoy what I am doing now to make a living, in my spare time I still enjoy picking up those textbooks in my good old student years to read about Euler/Lagrange/Cauchy/Gauss/Green/Maxwell/Poincare/Schrodinger/complex variables/PDEs/electrodynamics/thermodynamics/quantum mechanics/…Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"(It's hard to think up a review; it's easier to do simple Q&amp;A's)1. why you picked us, what comparison you made among us and others Ans: I picked NYC DSA after having compared its program with those from other similar boot camps in the NYC area. The one... Read More adjective I would think of for NYC DSA is: formal, in that Its curriculum is rigorous and comprehensive. When you think about it, that you do not need another two (or more) years in school for a degree in data science to get your started in data science, but only 12 months; it is definitely a good investment of your money and time.2. What was the good, bad (and the ugly :) )Ans: Pro: •	Curriculum/lectures are well designed and run by PhD's with industry backgrounds: there is a well-rounded balance of depth and width in the overall training.•	You get in-depth immersion to traditional/statistical machine learning theories, as well as enough exposure to advanced topics in time series, deep learning, big data tools (Hadoop/Spark) to get you started.•	Faculty/TAs are more than willing to help.•	Frequent visit of alumni to share industry experiences•	Great classmates and connections•	Great career support, and the well-connectedness of NYC DSA with industry definitely help you succeed in landing your first job! Con: None3. What benefits you gained from the programAns:•	The hiring event (job fair) itself alone is worth half the tuition since it lands you, with high probability, at a job, at the end of your boot camp. And you will feel lucky that you get to talk to hiring managers from those big-name companies! •	Projects during the boot camp are serious ones: you can discuss about them not like they are school projects. In fact, my capstone project was on a consulting problem for a Fortune 500 beverage company; in every interview people were very interested in that project and I felt good about myself to talk about it.•	Connections: with both the instructors (Aiko! My favorite instructor there and we had several lunches even after graduation; always learn a lot from him) and your lovely classmates (many are highly accomplished!) 4. Your own background and etc.Ans:Recent math PhD with specialty on partial differential equations and their analytical/numerical solutions. I was eager to start a career in industry upon finishing my degree. Data science/machine learning/artificial intelligence and stuff are cool, but they are built on fundamental ideas and algorithms that are either directly from or indirectly inspired by math/physics. While I enjoy what I am doing now to make a living, in my spare time I still enjoy picking up those textbooks in my good old student years to read about Euler/Lagrange/Cauchy/Gauss/Green/Maxwell/Poincare/Schrodinger/complex variables/PDEs/electrodynamics/thermodynamics/quantum mechanics/…Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"(I’m reviewing the 12-Week Full Time Data Science Bootcamp. They offer an identical program online, but there are some benefits to attending the program in-person.)Background: I received a PhD in chemistry from a great university in 2016 and worked as... Read More a postdoc for 2 years. In grad school I learned to code and analyze data extensively with MATLAB and during my postdoc I learned very basic Python. When I reached the end of my contract I realized that I was not enjoying other parts of scientific research as much as programming and data analysis, so I decided to apply to do software engineering science-adjacent companies. With a background only in MATLAB and minor Python, I didn’t get any positive responses. After stumbling across an article about transitioning from scientific research to software engineering, I soon started reading about Data Science which sits at the intersection of my professional experience and my ideal workday schedule (coding over chemistry).Choosing a bootcamp: I did some research online into free data science courses and bootcamps by reading reviews and talking to a friend who was a hiring manager in software engineering. To save the money, I had considered “rolling my own” bootcamp using open and available courses online, but my friend warned me against this, saying I needed to focus more on building a code portfolio for companies to see and focus less on taking courses. Looking back, I realize she was right. Without any guidance it would have taken me 9 months or more to do what I did in 3 months at the boot camp. I focused my applications on the top-rated programs as well as ones that guaranteed jobs or provided scholarships. After being accepted into two programs (the other offering me a significant scholarship) I based my decision on the reviews of previous students- and NYCDSA had the better reviews. Deciding to change fields after a PhD felt so risky (and even foolish) that I wanted to have no regrets even if I failed. So I picked the program with the most reviews from satisfied students and with the least dissatisfied students.The bootcamp: The bootcamp is as hard as it should be. If it weren’t hard, employers wouldn’t take the experience seriously. I treated it like a hiatus in the rest of my life to pursue this singular goal. Sometimes you’re drinking out of a firehose, attending 3-6 hours of lecture a day while working on a project and completing the lecture homework. At the same time, it brings you close to the other students because you’re all going through the same thing. Even after doing a PhD at an Ivy League school, this was one of the hardest things I’ve ever done. 12 weeks will feel like 3 years, but I loved the other students that I got to work with. The course material is good as well- most of the lectures are well-polished and the instructors know the material deeply. Occasionally lectures are hard to follow because not all of the instructors are native English speakers, but the material is improved with every cohort because they collect constant (anonymous) feedback from the students. The instructors are constantly available and asking questions in class is highly encouraged due to the shrinking class sizes. The curriculum is set up well, as the first 4-5 weeks are primarily learning to code, the next 5 weeks focus on machine learning, and the last 2 are divided into data engineering tools and deep learning.The result: The most important thing you do at NYCDSA is build a 4-project portfolio in the form of a GitHub account and blog posts describing your work and best findings. These projects cover a range of skills and demonstrate your experience to potential employers. At the end of the day, there would only one thing that would make this bootcamp worthwhile... Whenever anyone asked me if I liked the bootcamp I would respond, “I’ll let you know when I get a job.” The last several weeks of the program focus on helping you practice interviews and communicate what you already know. I don’t consider myself a confident person, but by the end of this program I felt prepared enough to appear confident to potential employers, and this led to my obtaining 2 competing job offers within 4 weeks of leaving the boot camp and still daily phone calls from recruiters (even having left NYC for a much smaller data science market). In the end, no program will be perfect, but the NYCDSA is so committed to transforming itself with every group and getting students hired I’m confident that it’s at least as good as any other program out there.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I enrolled in this course with some working knowledge of machine learning, but no prior experience with neural nets or coding in Python. I thought this course was a great introduction to the topic, especially given that we were able to preview the instructor's... Read More forthcoming textbook on deep learning. Being able to go back and forth between the book and the lecture notes, and walk through the code together as a class, was really useful for solidifying newer concepts. The instructor was really approachable and friendly, and was good at drawing from various strengths that were present from other participants in the class. A great course, I enjoyed it. Would recommend to anyone who wants to get a high level intro to deep learning in a more structured setting than just an online course.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"My experience with N?YCDSA with great. No bootcamp is perfect (there's a lot of information to pack in 12-15 weeks), but I thought NYCDSA did a great job of providing the teaching, resources, and curriculum to be a competitive job candidate after graduating.... Read More The atmosphere is very collegial where student and teaching assistant constantly are trying to help eachother and make sure everyone is getting the most out of the program. That being said, there is a lot of variance in where each student is coming from beforehand. So its important for each individual to seek help when necessary (which isn't very hard given how friend and accomodating the instructors are) After the bootcamp, Vivian and the others put a strong emphasis on putting us in the best position to succeed. Whether that was prep interviews, sending job postings, or just checking up. Overall would recommend!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"To begin, my experience with NYCDSA was excellent, the curriculum was comprehensive, instructors were knowledgeable,and my cohort-mates, friendly. I set out to attend a data science bootcamp after spending several years in tech consulting and at a marketing... Read More startup as an implementation and integration lead. I decided to attend NYCDSA particularly because it looked to have the most rigorous curriculum and advanced student projects compared to other camps I had looked into. With that, it was definitely a challenging and time-consuming experience but one that I am grateful for going through.On the whole, I thought the material was very practical and accommodated the wide spectrum of experience levels that my cohort contained (from fresh college grads to experienced PHDs). The course covered broad topics in data science with enough depth to be applied in the real world, so I now feel empowered to further my learning and tackle even harder data/tech problems after the camp. The instructors are all capable and are more than willing to help troubleshoot technical problems that will inevitably come up. The cohort is 40+ students so their time is obviously at a premium and you should expect to drive a lot of your own learning. However this actually made for stronger connections within my cohort as well since we were able to rely on each other to review our understanding of concepts, collaborate on projects, and have fun after hours. After the bootcamp, NYCDSA notified me of many potential job opening as well as acted as a recommendation. I felt as though they were always prepared to support me given that I had everything prepared on my end as well. Obviously not every student will have a completely smooth experience with the job search process, but I’m confident that anyone who is willing to put in the effort and dedication in learning the material and crafting their applications will be able to advance a career in data after attending NYCDSA. Since graduating, I started a contractor role at Spotify, which eventually lead me to secure a full-time position at Facebook several months later. And while I put in considerable personal effort to achieve these results, I also know it would not have been possible with the skills and support I received (and continue to receive) from NYCDSA.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I had a truly rewarding experience at NYCDSA. The staff is professional and friendly, and the material is relevant for a wide range of data professions.Before I joined NYCDSA, I had researched and reviewed several other similar boorcamps. I think NYCDSA... Read More really cares and help you to success.The program helped me to open the doors to several opportunities for me and the staff sets time aside to help you position and present yourself well for job interviews. I have accepted good amount job interviews since I have graduated from NYCDSA, and felt very well prepared for the interview process. Five stars!If you are less familiar with coding (which I was), then you really need to do your pre-course very well. Because once the bootcamp starts, the foundation is very important. Patience and getting comfortable with the process of coding is absolutely essential.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The staff are friendly, and well prepared.This bootcamp helped me to consolidate and organize my knowledge. I feel that they gave me exactly what I was looking for, before the bootcamp I was not so sure about my models, now I feel great doing what I do.... Read More This is priceless. If you have any doubts about those guys, please don't. They are super honest people, for sure this is a trust worthy organisation.Thank you guys, if any of you from NYDSA read this I thank you.Felipe.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"1. Why NYCDSA:Before I made the decision, I did some research online (course report and switchup). I chose a few bootcamps with highly positive reviews and visited all of them. Finally I picked NYCDSA because the curriculum is comprehensive and the instructors... Read More are very nice to me during my visit. 2. My overall experience with the bootcamp The curriculum covers most of the items listed in the typical job descriptions/requirements of a data scientist. As long as you are good at these skills, you should be confident in the job hunting. Of course you need to put a lot of effort on developing the skills, and the bootcamp can give you a clear roadmap from programming 101 all the way to deep learning algorithms. Besides the regular coursework, you are required to finish 4 projects in which you can practice what you learn during the class, and get a good sense how to deal with real-life data. If you put enough time on it, you will be proud of yourself and impress other people by what you have done. They are not just some bullet points on your resume. The instructors are incredible. They have a deep understanding about what they are teaching, in both theory and practice levels. Students are always encouraged to ask questions during the class or outside of the classroom. Whenever I had questions they can give me quick answers almost all the time. I learned a lot from my classmates. The class profile of my cohort is highly diverse, from math PhD to Harvard MBA, from psychologist to investment banker. The common interest in data science gave us a chance to sit in the same classroom for 3 months. I made friends with many classmates, especially the ones I did group projects with. We learn from each other, share job information and interview experience with each other. I feel very privileged to study and work together with so many smart and interesting people here. The career assistance is great. The bootcamp did many different things to help us on job hunting, including job placement workshop, resume review, hiring partner event, alumni referral, even some online webinars when the bootcamp is over. I received several emails from the bootcamp regarding open positions every week. They also provide mock interview on both HR and technical sides. You job hunting will be much different if you make fully use of these resources. There are still more good things about the camp than I listed here. For people who want to switch careers to data science I sincerely recommend this bootcamp for you. Just make sure you spend enough time on the pre-work before you come to the class.  Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I really enjoyed my data science bootcamp experience at the NYC Data Science Academy. I was initially deciding between several other top bootcamps in NYC but decided to join the NYC Data Science Academy because of the comprehensive course material and... Read More programming languages (SQL, R, Python) that were taught at the bootcamp. The structured pre-work courses that were available online for students before the bootcamp started preparing me for a solid foundation in programming, as I come from a background with minimal programming experience.The instructors and TAs at the bootcamp are extremely helpful and instructive during the bootcamp in addition to the continuous career support after the bootcamp has ended.I also really enjoyed the environment of the bootcamp. I was able to connect with people who also love working with data and expand my network through building relationships with current and previous students from the bootcamp.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I learned about NYC Data Science Academy (NYCDSA) by googling. I was searching for more systematical training and professional hring guide in Data Science after taking numerous online courses by myself. I chose on-site NYCDSA bootcamp because 1. More... Read More efficient than Master Degree, 2. High reputation and reviews received from NYCDSA alumni, and 3. A perfect match for me who has advanced degree in STEM and wants to switch career. I'm so glad that I made the decision to join NYCDSA.One of the best things about the NYCDSA is that you are required to finish 4 intense main projects that cover nearly all the key skills you'll need for Data Science jobs and job searching: Python, R, Machine Learning, Big Data, Deep Learning, etc. I needed to show the best of what I'd learned and my coding skills to present, to learn how to collaborate with teammates who have different background and ideas, and more importantly, to meet deadlines! After the bootcamp, I'm well equiped with an 'arsenal' for job searching: polished resume highlighting my Data Science projects &amp; experience; professional links as your show case: GitHub, NYCDSA blog posts, etc; interview questions &amp; exams, including one-on-one mock interview practice; connections with hiring partners and a whole set of job searching follow-ups and support...... I'm so lucky to have those helps from NYCDSA, and entire cohort of friends and connections.I highly recommend NYCDSA bootcamp to whoever want to seek/switch to career in Data Science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Prior to my full-time 12-weeks DS bootcamp with the academy, I have started taking weekend classes in Python with the academy for my personal preparation. The weekend class is extremely helpful. You spent 5 hours on Sunday and learn as much as you could... Read More during those hours. Because it is taught by using Jupyter notebook, it is really easy to follow and to relearn over the following week. The teacher over the weekend is Tony, who is a physicist and has really good understandings of machine learning theories and on the application of data science across different fields. My weekend cohort consists of recent MBA grads who are looking to lead teams that work closely with software engineers and data scientists. You also see people from the risk practice of consulting/advisory companies. You can also see people who are in the IT department making a transition to the field of Data Science. Last but not least, you'll also have people in graduate school or even college who would dedicate their Sunday afternoon to refine their skills in Python. It is an investment that will pay dividends in your career if you are determined to bring some data science to your toolbox and your workplace.Since I have attended both the weekend class and the bootcamp, I have strong confidence in the quality of the bootcamp (faculty, cohorts, homework, material). I hope in the future the campus will have more offerings in advanced classes, and possibly classes on linear algebra or computer science in general, which are the foundations of data sciRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attend NYCDSA because one of my friends' recommendation that the bootcamp offers hands on experience of data science. Actually, the bootcamp is as good as I expect. I will never forget the 3 month learning experience. I study very hard but at the same... Read More time I feel like I grow a lot.The bootcamp's courses cover everything related to data science, not only the advanced parts such as machine learning and deep learning, but also fundamental skills such as Python, R, SQL. My background is finance. But after studying in the bootcamp, I feel like I am prepared for a data science job.The teachers and teaching assistants here are very knowledgeable. In addition, the classmates you study with have strong academic/working experience. Most of the students here have master or phd degree with 2-10 years' working experience. I would highly recommend NYCDSA.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Great class if you wanna start to learn python.The class lectures were super useful in understanding the materials and there was also a good amount of homework.Tony was always attentive to my questions and requests. I would highly recommend this course... Read More for Python beginners with an analytic or coding background.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
Really solid course covering a lot of topics for managing data structures and visualization.,nyc-data-science-academy
"I was recommended by one of my friend, who almost had the same background as me and had a job after graduation . I came from a business background, and I knew nothing about python until I started the Bootcamp. After 3-month intensive training, I started... Read More from zero knowledge in coding to someone can really use machine learning to solve some business questions, and guided me into the world of data science. The instructors are very knowledgeable and very willing to answer all my stupid questions. The curriculums are well-designed and taught the machine learning theories twice, very helpful to me. I enjoyed my time in the NYC Data Science Bootcamp and learned a lot from this onsite Bootcamp.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attend NYCDSA because one of my friends' recommendation that the bootcamp offers hands on experience of data science. Actually, the bootcamp is as good as I expect. I will never forget the 3 month learning experience. I study very hard but at the same... Read More time I feel like I grow a lot. The bootcamp's courses cover everything related to data science, not only the advanced parts such as machine learning and deep learning, but also fundamental skills such as Python, R, SQL. My background is finance. But after studying in the bootcamp, I feel like I am prepared for a data science job. The teachers and teaching assistants here are very knowledgeble. In addition, the classmates you study with have strong academic/working experience. Most of the students here have master or phd degree with 2-10 years' working experience. I would highly recommend NYCDSA.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This was a great in-person learning experience. I have tried to learn Python using online resources for a while, but I always could not commit my time to do it. Although the class is only 5 weeks long, I feel like I learn a lot than I expected. Highly... Read More recommend this course to anyone who wants to take a well organized intro class for Python.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Coming from the finance field, I had very little experience in coding. I had dabbled with a little bit of VBA where I worked, but by no means could I have claimed to know how to code. That being said, I feel this class provided me a great foundation to... Read More Python. Tony, the instructor, made sure the concepts were reinforced by easy to understand examples, and even silly examples at times which was greatly appreciated. The in class exercises were also helpful to glue the concepts together and homework was also given for more practice. The one thing I could have suggested in terms of the weekend class itself is to perhaps allow for a longer day so the teacher do not have to rush over any particular topic. Overall, I really enjoyed this class and would recommend it to anyone who is looking to get their hands dirty with coding and data analysis.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"In the past I've used a lot of online courses to try and learn how to use python in my day to day work but I never felt like I ""got it."" This in person experience was well organized, provided relevant material and challenging homework. The first day of... Read More the class really scared me and had me thinking I bit off more than I can chew, but by the end I felt like I'd learned a lot and am thankful to the instructor Tony for his in class comments and examples. I would recommend this course to anyone who is already conducting data analytics but is looking to branch out to python. The course provides a lot of food for thought and made me feel like I have a solid foundation in python now.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I joined NYCDSA in late 2016, and there is no doubt about that the Data Science Bootcamp had helped me a lot in achieving my career goal. I was looking among several data science bootcamp back then, and my primary concerns were job placement rate, background... Read More of people who might join the bootcamp, and what industries had the alumni been working for. I decided to join NYCDSA because it gave me statistical answer of my concerns, not to mention how resourceful it would be speaking of its alumni network. The only thing that I felt they could do better, well in 2 yrs ago, would be the career service, and the design of project groups. It would be helpful to arrange people with working experience with those who may not. The best thing about this program is its brand. I had several final-round interviews and some of the interviewers were from NYC. These interviewers, they know about NYCDSA, how the curriculum is organized, and how much practice students would receive from the bootcamp, so it is not challenging for me to leave some impression on them.If you are thinking about a career switch, enrichment of experience on resume, or just an investment towards personal skillset, NYCDSA is definitely the place where you would wanna go.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the 2018 Summer bootcamp and was a great experience! Not only academically but also from a personal perspective. I am currently living in Spain so travelled and relocated all the way from Barcelona to join the NYC Data Science Academy. NYCDSA... Read More curriculum is really comprehensive and the information and assistance you get prior to joining the bootcamp from the acadmy’s staff is really good. It’s assuring coming from that far to know what to expect from the bootcamp and to see how responsive the staff was to any queries I had. I have a background in Location Intelligence with no coding experience (just a bit of SQL) and managed to follow the lessons well enough! Not without effort though. The curriculum is gradual and comprehensive, from mainly coding practice and basic statistics to Machine Learning and then more advanced topics like Deep Learning and Big Data. Personally I also think is a great experience, the bootcamp allows you to connect and create a Data Science network at the same time you interact with your cohort mates which will be like your family during the 12 weeks that lasts the bootcamp.Just one warning! Prepare yourself for working hard during the bootcamp, the more you work the more you will get out of it!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
The class was helpful in getting started with basic syntax and moved into some of the more relevant packages for working with data in python. The speed and exercises felt appropriate but may be a little too fast for someone with no prior experience with... Read More coding.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"This class was very well-organized. Since we did lectures in jupyter notebooks, it was easy to follow along and code as we listened. There is a LOT of content in each class, so understand that you will get as much out of this course as you put into it... Read More outside of class. But that's the case with any coding language.All in all, a very good experience. Tony is an excellent instructor, and friendly too. I just wish I had more time to devote to this during the week; I would have gotten a lot more out of the course. With a full-time job, it can be difficult to get anything more than the minimum homework assignment done each week.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
I was a part of the Summer cohort #14. It was an extremely wonderful learning experience! The instructors are really friendly and approachable at all times. The support for job search is also unmatchable! Highly recommended to everyone :),nyc-data-science-academy
"For anyone who is seriously considering a career in data science, I strongly recommend this bootcamp. My background in MS business analytics has nothing to compare with this bootcamp in terms of Machine Learning and Data Engineering. If you only check... Read More out 5/10 of a data science job requirement, this bootcamp will make you 10/10, if you put in the work and time. On top of this, every cohort will allow you to meet people who share the same ambition from diverse backgrounds (profession, educational degree, country). One more thing that must be emphasized is that the faculty and staff here are extremely helpful and instructive. Again, I strongly recommend this place if what I have described above are what you are looking for.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Thank you to Jon Krohn for his approach to teach the lectures and for all his systematic organization of all his materials. Also, for being very attentive to the questions and trying to get back with the constructive help ASAP. And a bit of a personal... Read More impression: the mashine vision part of the course was better prepared with the interesting and easy to get examples whereas the NLP part could have been more elaborated, but it is by default the case if you compare these two areas. But, knowing how easy Jon was able to organize the steps for the first noticed I trully believe it is just a matter of a few more thoughts for him and his Co. It may be also true that one more day of classes would be very nice addition to cover the materials better. The other missing thing was a simple example on how you would deploy the network in any environment to be used in production.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am very glad that I took the decision of joining NYC Data Science Academy to pursue the field of Data Science. The 12-week intensive program equips you with a strong and solid foundation for Data Science, even if you come with no background in data... Read More at all. The staff is easily approachable and highly knowledgeable. The academy makes sure that you have a good experience to showcase at the job interviews through four different projects (one of them being a live project, solving a real-world business problem for a company). The academic setup which includes instructors as well as TA's is excellent and ensures that you have required support and guidance at each and every step throughout the program.They have a strong professional network and even hold a hiring event towards the end of the bootcamp, where you have the opportunity to interact with various companies (across different industries) looking for potential Data Scientists. The academy supports you throughout the process of finding the right job, even after graduating from the bootcamp. Vivian was very helpful with my interview process and providing the right feedback so I can be better prepared and get the job I desired.Ofcourse, as with any learning process, the real onus of making sure that you get the most out of the bootcamp lies with you. This is a very intensive 12 weeks program and you need to make sure that you dedicate this period fully to Data Science.I thoroughly enjoyed the learning process at the bootcamp. It helps you grow not only as a Data Scientist but also as professional through the diverse mix of students coming from different academic and professional backgrounds. I highly recommend NYCDSA to anyone who is seeking to make/ advance a career in Data Science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Deep Learning Course from July - August 2018. This is a part time course for 5 weekends. Jon Krohn is an amazing instructor. I am a Web Engineer and have zero to little idea about Deep learning. For me to sit in class and not be intimidated... Read More by the course and fundamentals of Deep learning is a testament to Jon's teaching. The course is a really good starter kit for anyone looking to get into Deep Learning and AI in general. There is some knowledge of python that might be useful to have prior to taking this course as there are many live exercises worked on python. You will be given an opportunity to complete a project during the course which I suggest you do as it will make you apply the skills you review right after class that will make learning the concepts more enjoyable. All in all, I will 100% recommend this course for anyone who is looking to get a thorough overview of the fundamentals and philosophy of Deep Learning and its future.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
A very good place with super knowledgeable staff. Highly recommend.,nyc-data-science-academy
"Attending NYC Data Science Academy is one of the most important and accurate decisions I have made in my life. The academy provides strong training on statistical and machine learning theory. Coupled with 3 real-world problem solving projects and 1 business-oriented... Read More capstone project, I gained hands-on insight on how data science address business demands.With software engineering background, I always want to relate my software knowledge to solve business problem. I believe the training at NYC Data Science Academy help me step forward my career path closer to what I want to achieve.I wish I can attend NYC Data Science Academy at a much earlier date.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The bootcamp program of NYCDSA is designed to take the skillset of every student to the next level regardless of the preliminary expertise. Covering basics of R and Python during the pre-work and first month of the bootcamp follows by a deep dive into... Read More the essence of every popular machine learning algorithm, as well as implementation details and caveats in both, R and Python. The understanding of these caveats combined with more common knowledge will facilitate and ease the continuous learning and career advancement for years to come. It is important to note that to get most out of this bootcamp, full dedication is required.Anyone who is serious about having career in data science and willing to do the hard work to make it happen should seriously consider this 3-month program. The materials of the courses are superb, and the instructors are world-class, willing to take the time to answer every question with enough attention to ensure that understanding of students progresses. Finally, the academy’s professional networking events and job search-related workshops give a great boost to the job finding opportunities. I enjoyed my time at the academy and I wholeheartedly recommend it.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy was essential in helping me to make the transition from a career in academia to the field of data science. It is a very intensive course that is filled with statistics, coding, machine learning, natural language processing, big... Read More data, and other topics. Frankly, there were too many topics for me to apprehend while the bootcamp was running, but one of the great features of the course is that you are able to go back and review key lectures - which I periodically do as my understanding of the field deepens. Another great strength of the curriculum is that you are exposed to a variety of instructors who have different backgrounds and approaches. I can think of distinctive strengths for Drace, Aiko, Luke, and Zeyu in their presentation and shared perspective. Vivian and Chris gave terrific seminars on seeking employment and how to interview. Finally outside lecturers such as Bernard Ong held court and imparted their wisdom and that comes from a wealth of experience in the field. 	One other strength of the program is in the variety of lecturing styles and the mix of labs, guided activities, and more conventional lectures. I think this allows people with a variety of learning styles to flourish and speaks to the thoughtfulness in constructing the curriculum. The projects are essential to applying the concepts and give you an opportunity to sharpen your coding and analysis skills.	In the end, as I said previously, it was all a bit much for me to take in during the bootcamp, but there are a series of materials - such as Jupyter notebooks, pdf slides, and videos that I continue to refer back to as I progress in the field. For me, the challenge was less about the difficulty of the material but the sheer volume. I tend to get interested in something and don’t want to hear much else until I feel like I have a deeper understanding. Only then do I like to move on. Were I to do it over, I would be a little more disciplined about indulging my curiosity and pay a little more attention to the flow of material and presentation because they really know what they’re doing and what you need as you progress.tl,dr:	I highly recommend this Bootcamp, it was of tremendous value to me. 12 weeks of instruction from deeply knowledgeable instructors who possess keen business acumen and know how to help people get jobs. It was a very enjoyable experience for me to be surrounded by interesting and smart people from all types of backgrounds and each with something unique to contribute to the cohort.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I have a background as software engineer and business intelligence developer and I decided to get into data science as well to complete my skills. I began reading books and doing MOOC courses beside my regular job, but it was difficult for me to make... Read More substantial progress. So, I decided to participate in the 12-week Data Science Bootcamp. It was a great experience which fulfilled my expectations. Of course, you can’t learn everything about data science in 12 weeks, but you get a solid foundation that allows you to put your own data science projects into practice and to specialize yourself in various directions. If you don’t have the time/money/motivation for a university degree this course is a great option.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I had a truly rewarding experience at NYCDSA. The staff is approachable and friendly, and the material is relevant for a wide range of data professions. The program really opened doors to several opportunities for me and the staff sets time aside to help... Read More you position and present yourself well for job interviews. I accepted a job from one of NYCDSA's hiring partners, and felt very well prepared for the interview process. Five stars!Side note: One recommendation I have for those less familiar with coding (which I was), is to embrace the ""have you tried googling that?"" culture within Data Science and programming as a whole. While the tendency at a supportive bootcamp is to ask your instructors how to debug a line of code or build an ML template, more often than not the answer is a google search away, and there are TONS of excellent resources out there. Patience and getting comfortable with the process of finding the answers to your questions online is absolutely essential.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I highly recommend NYC Data Science Academy to folks driven to pursue a data science, analysis, or engineering career. I participated in the 12-week onsite bootcamp with the Spring 2018 cohort and can attest to NYCDSA helping graduates land roles in each... Read More of these areas. There are two reasons that NYCDSA was the right fit for me to jumpstart my career.First, I was attracted to the academy’s strong regional network and job placement support. Vivian and the NYCDSA staff are responsive to your career interests and will put you in touch with relevant folks in the field. In addition, the NYCDSA curriculum is continuously re-evaluated for relevance. While NYCDSA helps bridge a career transition, the challenging task of skill acquisition and evaluation is on you! Second, I wanted to participate in a program with diverse learners. Bootcamp attendees range from STEM PhDs like myself to folks with BA/BS with professional experience in analytical fields. It was an exciting process to learn from each other as we worked on group projects or talked about homework challenges. Exposure to working on teams with divergent backgrounds is extremely valuable in a practical sense and reflects how some data science teams are structured.Overall, NYCDSA has established a process that works and is committed to continuous improvement. It was a pleasure to participate in this program with friendly students and supportive staff. NYCDSA helped me expand my technical skillset and secure a full-time data scientist role.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I appreciate all the hands-on projects/assignments opportunities which I did during the data science boot camp. It really gives me chances to apply the machine learning theories to real-world problems. Also, the team is supportive. The teachers, teaching... Read More assistants, career coaches are very helpful and experienced. I greatly enjoy joining the boot camp at the NYC Data Science Academy.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the 12 week in-person immersive bootcamp and am very happy I did. I have a PhD in pure math (no computers, no numbers, so my coding experience was limited to ""having fun"" with Python) and spent my first 2 years post graduate school working... Read More at a hedge fund (in a non-technology role) and wanted to get into data science and engineering. I genuinely believe that with enough personal motivation and drive a bootcamp is the most effective and efficient way to go from 0 to 60 in this field (note that ""attending"" and ""absorbing"" at the bootcamp alone is not enough - the drive, time, and energy ultimately must come from you - they can only set you up for success).At the bootcamp I learned the essentials of SQL, R, and Python - not just the important packages like Numpy, SKL, etc. but how to pick up a new package and learn how to use it (a more important skill than learning any particular package). The project work was also extremely valuable. The scopes of the projects (there's 4 of them) get wider as the program progresses (from basic visualization and RShiny app construction to open-ended real-life consulting for companies at the end of the course).During my interviews after the bootcamp I was certainly tested on my coding and ML knowledge, but I spent a lot of time discussing my project work and results - again, the bootcamp presents you with opportunities and resources, it can't do it all for you.If you plan on enrolling (which you should think seriously about, it's a large investment of both your time and money) I would say you should prepare as much as possible as you'll leave the bootcamp with what you bring to the table (in terms of skills, abilities, drive, and preparation) - I've seen people who leave the bootcamp ready to be ""senior data scientists"" as well as people who leave knowing how to code and how to use some ML packages (a big difference).If you're looking for a bootcamp, I highly recommend NYCDSA as they truly care about the students, have a LOT to offer curriculum-wise, project-wise, and importantly their network in NYC data science jobs is EXTENSIVE (and very valuable).Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The curriculum of NYCDSA bootcamp is great and well-designed. In the first four weeks, you will learn Python, R and SQL which will lay a solid foundation for your data science learning. In the next four weeks, you will learn a variety of machine learning... Read More models. In addition, they will teach big data tools and deep learning.The instructors at NYCDSA bootcamp are excellent as they all have deep knowledge and significant experience in data science. They make complex concepts and skills easy to understand and master. The instructors teach classes in a good pace and often pause to answer any questions that students ask in class. After class, if you have any questions, they will also try their best to answer them.During NYCDSA bootcamp, four projects will be offered not only to improve your data science skills but also to enrich your resume. The projects are really interesting and challenging. When you are working on the projects, you will be able to learn and apply data visualization, web scraping, machine learning theories and skills, big data tools and deep learning. For the capstone project, various corporations and non-profit organizations will come to the bootcamp and pitched their real data science problems to the students, which will gave the students the experience of solving real data science problems.For the job assistance, the hiring team at NYCDSA will work very hard to get you jobs. During the bootcamp, job placement lectures will be given to teach you how to prepare for interviews. In addition, they will have several guest speakers and alumni give lectures about the current job market and suggestions on how to get a data scientist position. Before you graduate, they will help you polish your resumes to make them stand out. Right after the bootcamp ends, they will hold a hiring partner event where you will be able to network with employers from a lot of companies.The bootcamp at NYCDSA offered us an opportunity not only to obtain significant experience and expertise in data science but also to expand our career options. After going through the bootcamp, people with various backgrounds can apply the skills they learned from the bootcamp and their domain knowledge to start their new career and explore their interest in the field of data science, which I think is the most important benefit NYCDSA bootcamp offers.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Python was my forth programming language I started learning. Anthony is a great instructor and he did a wonderful job explaining my and other students mistakes during the course. It was very nice that Anthony encouraged students to ask the questions anytime... Read More during the class. The course covered very broad range of topics and we did many challenging exercises in class and as homework. I will definitely recommend everyone to take this course, if they want to learn Python from scratch and prepare to learn more ways to work with Python in the future.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"As a Math major interested in Data Science, I've benefited tremendously from this course. Tony is a structured, detailed instructor. The course materials are practical and handy; and the lectures were helpful in both understanding the materials and honing... Read More up a programming mindset. I walk away from this class, feeling ready for challenges in my future job. I would strongly recommend this course with Tony to anyone who is new to programming and wants to have a head start.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am extremely happy with my decision to attend this boot camp. Before this, I was very uncertain about what I wanted to do as a career path and never thought I would want a job that involved coding. With the excellent teaching, support, and guidance... Read More of NYCDSA staff and teachers, I found my passion. Within 3 months I gained skills in Python, R, Github, and SQL. Not many boot camps teach both R and Python, therefore this gave me a leg up against other people in the job market.I graduated college with my Bachelors of Science in May of 2017, while many of my cohort-mates had a Master's or Ph.D. and had been working for numerous years. For this reason, I did not believe the boot camp was for me. It is not an easy course, but with hard work and dedication, it can definitely be done. I felt prepared for the job market once the bootcamp ended and really appreciated the job support provided by NYCDSA staff. They are extremely committed to getting you a job and do everything they can to help you and guide you. Because of the tools and knowledge I've gained from this boot camp, I've landed my dream job as a Data Analyst for MoveOn.org.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am extremely happy with my decision to attend this boot camp. Before this, I was very uncertain about what I wanted to do as a career path and never thought I would want a job that involved coding. With the excellent teaching, support, and guidance... Read More of NYCDSA staff and teachers, I found my passion. Within 3 months I gained skills in Python, R, Github, and SQL. Not many boot camps teach both R and Python, therefore this gave me a leg up against other people in the job market. I graduated college with my Bachelors of Science in May of 2017, while many of my cohort-mates had a Master's or Ph.D. and had been working for numerous years. For this reason, I did not believe the boot camp was for me. It is not an easy course, but with hard work and dedication, it can definitely be done. I felt prepared for the job market once the bootcamp ended and really appreciated the job support provided by NYCDSA staff. They are extremely committed to getting you a job and do everything they can to help you and guide you. Because of the tools and knowledge I've gained from this boot camp, I've landed my dream job as a Data Analyst for MoveOn.org.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the intensive 12-weeks bootcamp at NYC Data Science Academy. I am a postdoc in India. I had been writing graph algorithms for social network analysis, analyzing data using MS-Excel and mining data using graph theory. I decided to make a transition... Read More to industry. I researched for about six months to choose a proper academy to learn data science. I came up with a decision to join NYC Data Science Academy so that I could learn both R and Python within three months. But, I learnt more than I thought. I gained hands-on experience in Python, R, SQL, Spark, deep learning, Hadoop and Hive.The materials are technically sound for job interviews. Many experienced professors and industry professionals design and teach the materials. The course laid a solid foundation in data science. The people in the academy show keen interest in every student to understand the concept, in resume writing and above all, to get a job.With their continuous guidance, I got hired as a data scientist in New Delhi, India. My decision to join the academy to learn both R and Python simultaneously, has been proved to be a wise decision. I wanted to 'eat, live and breathe' data science and I do it today because of the academy. Thanks to the academy.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the 12-week data science bootcamp right after graduating from college with an engineering degree. I highly, highly recommend this course for anyone with some coding/stats background looking to work in data science or machine learning. I'll... Read More note what I believe are the most important features of the program with bullet points so it's easy to read:The course is rigorous but not overwhelming -- if you put it a lot of work you will get a lot out of it, and there are a lot of TA's, classmates and teachers to help if you need it.The coursework is oriented towards practical application in the real world. This is what stood out the most to me in contrast to my undergraduate education. The teachers at NYCDSA do a great job of teaching the theory and then explaining how concepts tend to actually be applied in the real world.All the class content is still accessible after the course is done -- it is EXTREMELY valuable to have all this stuff permanantly saved on your computer.They help you get a job after you graduate.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"My career before NYCDSA was one without numbers or Excel spreadsheets; past me wouldn't have dreamed of touching complex data modeling algorithms or cloud computing infrastructure. If you're like me, you probably are expressing some hesitation at how... Read More much a 3 month bootcamp can give you, especially when you're competing against graduates in STEM fields for a quant position.No fear, though! NYCDSA gives you precisely what you need to succeed in today's competitive data science job market. During the bootcamp, you'll become well versed in almost all the standard tools and methodologies that data scientists use to do their jobs. While the curriculum isn't perfect (I definitely thought some days and sessions were on superfluous material, e.g. too many days spent on web scraping, and way too much focus on R as most companies are transitioning towards Python), it is more than sufficient to prepare you to compete with others. You will likely have a leg up w/r/t hard data science compared to others from a data analyst quant background.Six months ago I was a journalist. Now I'm doing cutting edge data science at my new firm. Couldn't have asked for a better outcome.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Since 2002, I had served as a wireless communication system design engineer for S****** Electronics, where I have developed optimal solutions based on the analysis, simulation and modeling of filed data and system features. One of my latest works was... Read More finding adaptive solution for fast tree search avoiding local minima and maxima. To boost up my skills and map into diverse field, recently finished an immersive data science boot camp where I completed four projects including machine-learning projects where I deployed predictive models using extreme gradient boosting, random forests, support vector machines, and logistic regression. Work experience on a data science project - Capstone project - for a big CPG company was a huge benefit as a data scientist. As a team, we analyzed product trends, competitor's products and its reviews, customer satisfaction ratio by using NLP such as TF-IDF(term freq/inverse Document freq), Topic modeling(LDA; Latent Dirichlet Allocation), Sentimental analysis and then we delivered comparative analysis results, analysis tool to the client company. Through this project, I got convinced that customer reviews and analysis of competitors tell a lot information not only for the current problems but also the next business opportunities.Throughout this boot camp, I could have an experience on the very projects which are closely related to the data science industry, and make portfolios which could demonstrate qualification for related industry requirements. Eventually, I could get a job which requires data science such as machine learning and natural language processing by connecting my previous work exprience to portfolios in NYC data science academy.If you want to be a actual data scientist, NYC Data Science Academy could be a best choice ever.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I could not be more satisfied with my experience at NYC Data Science Academy. I met incredibly impressive and interesting people, learned more than I ever thought I could, made friends, and worked very hard. Within a few weeks after graduating, I was... Read More offered my first full-time job as a data engineer. (I do not come from a CS, math or stats background).NYCDSA is very successful at getting their students fluent in the tools and technologies of data science, and prepared for finding great jobs in the field. The bootcamp is exhilarating, and the people are truly the best. By the end, you will be ready to for a data science position, and you will have broadened your horizons.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYCDSA's curriculum covers everything you need to succeed in the data science industry. The boot camp was hard, but this prepared us well to what the job market expects from a data scientist. They also mentored us on how to deal with potential employers,... Read More giving us an edge versus other job applicants.The boot camp also gave the opportunity to make friends with people with the same level of interest and passion in data science. I think this will eventually develop into real life friendships and will prove to be valuable connections as you go through your career as a data scientist.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the Winter 2018 immersive boot camp at NYC Data Science Academy, and I highly recommend this academy.I come from a mathematics background with nearly zero experience with data science, and prior to the boot camp I only know how to program with... Read More MATLAB. (MATLAB is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc., i.e., it is a serious commercial software not to be treated lightly.) I studied partial differential equations of mathematical physics, a subject intense in theory and numerical computations but very little to do with data business. Upon finishing the boot camp, how do I feel? At least now I will not embarrass myself when handling data/coding challenges with R and Python, answering machine learning questions, etc. for job interviews. Yes, I did get job placement within one month upon finishing the boot camp, and I owe that opportunity to the Academy too. It connected me with my employer at the hiring event hosted at the end of the boot camp, which alone is worth at least half of the tuition!Now let me briefly reflect on how/why the immersive boot camp at NYC Data Science Academy is excellent, especially if your background is similar to mine:1.	Curriculum-wise and teaching style-wise, it is highly similar to a traditional university program. For folks who are fresh out of academia (i.e., newly graduated), you will feel comfortably familiar in the boot camp's setting; for folks who are not, you will also feel comfortable since the training progress is incremental (meaning that it is not difficult to keep up), and FORMAL (very important; without which the training would be shallow).  There are enough teaching assistants stationed all day to help you. More important, the instructors are always willing to help, who are accomplished data science experts. They really write great course materials!  Frankly I am a laid-back person and did not work as crazy as others in the cohort (some are said to work 12 hours per day), but I did not over-relax either: I just make sure I keep up with boot camp training progress. But that (keeping up with the course progress) is enough to make you a qualified data scientist candidate in the end. The boot camp is well measured so that you do not have to be overwhelmed or burnt-out but still can achieve enough to live long and prosper.2.	From the lady who ensures there is always coffee and hot tea, to the career advisors who know how to best tailor you for job search and interviews, the academy provides great support in learning and career advising. That is to be expected: as mentioned, the program at NYC Data Science Academy is very formal (I cannot emphasize this word enough). Let us don’t forget to thank Vivian Zhang who is behind all these and who is very caring for the students.3.	You will work on actual business projects (including your Capstone project). By doing thus you know how your knowledge/skill levels are aligned with the industry standards. No less important: when you mention them in the resume or talk about them to hiring employers, the projects are not like cute school projects, but are actual, real business projects with very substantial stuff.4.	It is a pleasure to meet with the people in the cohort: people (students or instructors or TAs or supporting staff) of different backgrounds and personalities. You will always remember those cozy lunch times at the academy, when students sit around the dinner table talking about issues of the day (not limited to data science stuff). For example, at one conversation, we started from the fashionable Beats earphones, then moved on to the Bose earphones as comparison; we then argued about how to correctly pronounce the name ""Bose"", which naturally led to talking about the great physicist Bose (as in the Einstein-Bose condensation), and that naturally led onto various topics in quantum mechanics… Such is a ""picture"" of the dinner-table at the academy. The 12-week training would not be less enjoyable without the company of all those fantastic people around you. 5.	Last but not least, the highlight of highlights: the hiring events organized by the academy! As mentioned, suffice to say itself is worth at least half the tuition!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the Winter 2018 immersive boot camp at NYC Data Science Academy, and I highly recommend this academy.I come from a mathematics background with nearly zero experience with data science, and prior to the boot camp I only know how to program with... Read More MATLAB. (MATLAB is a registered trademark of The MathWorks, Inc., i.e., it is a serious commercial software not to be treated lightly.) I studied partial differential equations of mathematical physics, a subject intense in theory and numerical computations but very little to do with data business. Upon finishing the boot camp, how do I feel? At least now I will not embarrass myself when handling data/coding challenges with R and Python, answering machine learning questions, etc. for job interviews. Yes, I did get job placement within one month upon finishing the boot camp, and I owe that opportunity to the Academy too. It connected me with my employer at the hiring event hosted at the end of the boot camp, which alone is worth at least half of the tuition!Now let me briefly reflect on how/why the immersive boot camp at NYC Data Science Academy is excellent, especially if your background is similar to mine:1.	Curriculum-wise and teaching style-wise, it is highly similar to a traditional university program. For folks who are fresh out of academia (i.e., newly graduated), you will feel comfortably familiar in the boot camp's setting; for folks who are not, you will also feel comfortable since the training progress is incremental (meaning that it is not difficult to keep up), and FORMAL (very important; without which the training would be shallow).  There are enough teaching assistants stationed all day to help you. More important, the instructors are always willing to help, who are accomplished data science experts. They really write great course materials!  Frankly I am a laid-back person and did not work as crazy as others in the cohort (some are said to work 12 hours per day), but I did not over-relax either: I just make sure I keep up with boot camp training progress. But that (keeping up with the course progress) is enough to make you a qualified data scientist candidate in the end. The boot camp is well measured so that you do not have to be overwhelmed or burnt-out but still can achieve enough to live long and prosper.2.	From the lady who ensures there is always coffee and hot tea, to the career advisors who know how to best tailor you for job search and interviews, the academy provides great support in learning and career advising. That is to be expected: as mentioned, the program at NYC Data Science Academy is very formal (I cannot emphasize this word enough). Let us don’t forget to thank Vivian Zhang who is behind all these and who is very caring for the students.3.	You will work on actual business projects (including your Capstone project). By doing thus you know how your knowledge/skill levels are aligned with the industry standards. No less important: when you mention them in the resume or talk about them to hiring employers, the projects are not like cute school projects, but are actual, real business projects with very substantial stuff.4.	It is a pleasure to meet with the people in the cohort: people (students or instructors or TAs or supporting staff) of different backgrounds and personalities. You will always remember those cozy lunch times at the academy, when students sit around the dinner table talking about issues of the day (not limited to data science stuff). For example, at one conversation, we started from the fashionable Beats earphones, then moved on to the Bose earphones as comparison; we then argued about how to correctly pronounce the name ""Bose"", which naturally led to talking about the great physicist Bose (as in the Einstein-Bose condensation), and that naturally led onto various topics in quantum mechanics… Such is a ""picture"" of the dinner-table at the academy. The 12-week training would not be less enjoyable without the company of all those fantastic people around you. 5.	Last but not least, the highlight of highlights: the hiring events organized by the academy! As mentioned, suffice to say itself is worth at least half the tuition!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Course was well outlined/organized, and was relaxed enough to facilitate learning. If anything, I wanted more homework to practice on!Tony Schultz was very personable, helpful, and encouraged questions. Most importantly, he was very clear in explaining... Read More new concepts, and demonstrated multiple ways to approach a problem.I've taken classes at General Assembly and MUCH prefer NYC Data Science Academy over it. Highly recommend NYC Data Science Academy, and will be taking more courses here soon.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"It is a fast paced course. Five weeks of 4 hour sessions but two of them start an hour earlier to go over homework. There isn't so much as a bathroom break so exercise caution with oversized drinks. But in all seriousness it was a very professionally... Read More run course. The instructor Anthony Schultz kept things very engaging. His energy didn't waiver or segue into something irrelevant. Anthony was also highly available. He was there early before class to answer questions and available after class as well. He was even responsive to questions I had about the homework pretty quickly. I would recommend taking this course. I found it fun. At the end of the day you really get out of the course what you put into it. The class size was small for my group- maybe 10 or so students- which was nice. I was also impressed by the space of NYC Data Science Academy. Along with the main classroom, the space has a lounge area, coffee and tea area, and a gathering table. There might have been some pictures online but I never saw any. It just made it feel like a more comfortable environment.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The Intro to Python course was a great. In just a few short weeks, we were equipped with the knowledge to start manipulating data as well as troubleshoot programs. The instructor was amazing, and was able to provide great examples to solidify what we... Read More were learning in class. He was very careful to explain the multiple ways in which you could accomplish a task, but which methods were more robust (required less code, were more efficient, were more flexible, etc.). I highly recommend this course and Tony!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This course was well designed, going over essential Python packages and how to use them in practical applications. Highly recommend this course to anyone wanting a good structured start into coding in Python!",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am very satisfied with my decision to attend NYCDSA 12 week boot camp. I just graduated with a bachelor’s degree in Bionengineering and minor in Computer Science. During my last year of undergrad, I found data science to be a challenging and interesting... Read More career path to get into but I did not have much hands-on experience. I researched a number of data science bootcamps but I chose New York Data Science Academy because of the rigorous curriculum taught in Python and R as well as the impressive credentials of the instructors.The program is challenging, incredibly fast-paced, but very rewarding. There is pre-work material before attending the bootcamp, which helps to solidify coding fundamentals. The beginning of the program reviews those coding fundamentals and then dives straight into the heavy machine learning concepts and mathematical basis of the theories. Although it could be quite challenging to absorb most of the material at first, the program is excellent in providing resources and exposing concepts that will be important for a data science career and job interviews. In addition, there are 4 projects, which focus on different aspects of data science: data visualization, web scraping, machine learning, and finally a capstone, which incorporates everything you have learned. It is a good idea to join the bootcamp just to complete these projects because you can showcase these projects to future employers.In regards to job assistance, Vivian and Chris offers job presentations which covers how to write your resume, how to position yourself for an interview, etc . There are also guest lectures that come and describe their role and how they leverage data science in their work. At the end of the bootcamp, NYCDSA hosts a hiring event where you can meet future employers and be exposed to the data science job market.I highly recommend this bootcamp for people who are looking to transition into a career of data science. It has been a very rewarding 3 months; I have no regrets.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The course was well structured, taught me very useful skills and Tony was really helpful when I had any questions.",nyc-data-science-academy
I highly recommend this course! Tony is an excellent instructor and the course/materials are very well organized.,nyc-data-science-academy
I looked forward to the course and Tony did a great job teaching us. I love the examples he uses.,nyc-data-science-academy
"For those looking to break into the field of AI/Deep Learning - I highly recommend this course as the starting point, andthe initial stages of your journey. Although I had previously studied the theory and learned to build DL models on my own — I still... Read More thought it critical to establish a solid understanding of both the theoretical and practical knowledge necessary to build the best deep learning models I could.  I was a student in Jon Krohn's Deep Learning course in March 2018. Building a foundational base in DL was what I was looking for from this course; and it was what this course delivered. You will touch all the core areas of DL, from feedforward neural nets to RNNs, CNNs even GANs and RL all while covering applications such as computer vision and natural language processing. Most importantly, throughout the course Jon covers the nuts and bolts of each model in such a way that you can understand the theory without a PhD— all the while implementing DL models yourself in class to cement what you learn as you go. Best of all, you’ll be in a group with bright individuals as eager to learn as you. With some work and effort out of class, with this course you can go from zero to confidently building you own deep learning models within a month.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy has been a wonderful resource for acquiring the data science tools required in the workplace.NYCDSA's greatest strength is their commitment to matching graduates with Data Science positions. Every step of the process was geared... Read More towards that goal: including practical projects with real-life company data, extensive job-hunting coaching, and seminars, and continued job assistance after graduation.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
I completed the deep learning course offered by NYDS in April 2018. Course curriculum provides a solid understanding of core theoretical concepts and their practical applications. Best part about the course was that latest papers/ research work (as resent... Read More as Jan 2018) were discussed by Jon Krohn who also shared his experience and best practices. Would strongly recommend the course for anyone who has some background in data/programming related work and wants to break into deep learning.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I recently graduated from Jon's Deep Learning course at the New York Data Science Academy and was a big fan. I think the course did a great job of introducing students to the deep learning landscape, helping us understand what makes deep learning techniques... Read More excel at a wide range of tasks and then diving into the code (Keras, TensorFlow) to show us how to spin up various networks (NN Regressors, NN Classifiers, Convolutional NN, RNN's, Reinforcement Learning networks, GANs). Jon is a PHD neuroscientist and one thing I particularly enjoyed about the course was that Jon drew upon his background to connect the artificial neural network content with its biological inspiration. To highlight an example, he weaves in the Cambrian Explosion and Hubel &amp; Wiesel's breakthrough experiment on vision in cats to provide context and color on the emergence of complex biological vision systems on earth, its role in the explosion in speciation that occurred ~540 million years ago, and how in the (super recent, relatively) 1950's the scientific community finally began to understand the neural basis for visual perception. It was breakthroughs in scientific understanding like these that motivate certain machine vision architectures we explore in the course. It felt, at many moments, like really mind-bending stuff. Students are encouraged to complete a deep learning capstone project for the course and there were plenty of opportunities to get valuable feedback and mentorship when we got stuck, which was great. This course is probably best suited for folks with some background in coding and a familiarity with foundational machine learning concepts. Overall, it was time and money well spent.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Before I came to the bootcamp, I spoke with one of their instructors on a video call and he described the bootcamp as an amplifier of the skills and energy that you bring to the bootcamp. In my own words, it will not make you something that you are not.... Read More It will (probably) not flip your entire career 180 degrees. To be honest I was extremely skeptical of a 3 month bootcamp and then going to get jobs in the applicable field. I wanted proof so I read pages of reviews. 98% of them were highly positive. I talked to friends that went to similar bootcamps. I considered the pros and cons of getting an advanced degree in data science or machine learning. Ultimately, I chose this bootcamp because based on everything, it looked like this bootcamp would put me in a strong position to get a job in the applicable field within months rather than years.And it has. I will be starting work as a machine learning engineer starting in 2 weeks (it is currently a little over a month since I graduated). I came in with an engineering background, specifically focusing in robotics and spaceflight for a master's degree so I had a strong quantitative background. Before I came to the bootcamp, I studied in the evenings writing a couple machine learning projects in my free time for about 1.5 years prior to arrival. So, I may have studied a little more before arriving than the average student. However, many students I know are interviewing with multiple companies at this point so I can certainly vouch for the results of this program (as can the job placement percentage numbers given).In addition to the results, the bootcamp is a fantastic learning experience. You will be writing code in the evenings and often weekends. But I learned more at this bootcamp than I did in one semester of college by a significant margin. Like many things, you get out what you put in. I dedicated 10-12 hours daily studying and now have job options! The bootcamps topics are fast and many. I highly recommend reviewing most/all topics before arriving so that you can absorb as much as possible in such a short time period. Next, everyone is a pleasure to work with and the instructors are incredible. They each have a very strong grasp of their course material and can often relate the material well to the outside world. Homework drives home the points from lecture while projects are extremely instructive. Again, do hard work and you will have great projects.Finally, the hiring team will work as hard as they can to help you get a job and the right job. They are passionate about us getting jobs and have a lot of connections in the city. 25% of the worth of this bootcamp at least is in the hiring help and the support structure of the fellow students in my opinion. That brings me to my last point, I moved here from California, and after 3 months I now have lasting friendships with some very smart, hard working future data scientists.Disclaimer: I was not paid or coerced to write this review. I think this bootcamp is one of the best you will find. I considered many, and this was my top choice.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am very happy to have had the opportunity at attend NYCDSA’s 12-week data science bootcamp. Overall it was a great experience and I would highly recommend the program to anyone looking to transition to a career in data science or develop skills necessary... Read More to succeed in a data driven field. Prior to joining the bootcamp, I studied math and economics in college before working in quantitative finance for more than five years. I was looking for a program that would provide a strong foundation in coding with an emphasis on the tools and methods used in Data Science. I was excited to get a comprehensive introduction to a number of machine learning methods and theory. When comparing to other programs, I liked NYCDSA’s commitment to teaching in two languages (R and Python) through the program and for using all 12 weeks for instruction - the curriculum was able to cover so much more as a result. As the bootcamp progressed, I chose to focus more on Python, and the program was structured well so it was possible to focus more on the language I preferred to get more experience with. The learning environment and instructors were incredible and far exceeded any expectations I had coming into the program. The classmates in my cohort were exceptionally smart and motivated individuals - everyone was a pleasure to work with and learn from, and they were a motivating force for me every week. A substantial number of the students had advanced degrees, with more than a handful having completed a PhD program. I loved the diversity of the students’ academic and professional backgrounds - this contributed so much to the learning environment. All the instructors were excellent - they are expert in their fields, passionate about sharing their knowledge, and great teachers. A huge draw for me to this program was the diversity of instructors, with at least 5-6 instructors covering various parts of the curriculum. While all of them were always available and happy to discuss and answer any questions, this structure allowed for each teacher to cover topics they are more expert in, so the quality of instruction was strong throughout the 12 weeks. Other programs had just one teacher for the full program - for such a big field that’s changing rapidly each year, the benefit to having multiple instructors to learn from and interact with was huge. The TA’s were also a great resource - these were generally previous bootcamp students who led homework reviews and discussions, and were available for questions each day and during the lectures. I found the homework to be generally very well thought out, not feeling like busy work or any longer or more tedious than necessary to reinforce the lessons. The workload was intense but manageable, and I always felt challenged with the opportunity to study or practice the skills more each week. I appreciated that we continue to have access to the course resources at the end of the 12 weeks - there are some topics I chose to focus less of my time on during the program that I’m excited to review in more detail now that the bootcamp is over. The projects also provided amazing experience - I was really impressed at the academy’s level of engagement with outside firms and institutions, which gave students the opportunity to get hands on experience working on a real data science problem. We also had the option to choose our own capstone projects, but the corporate partnerships presented a number of interesting and challenging projects in a really wide range of industries and non profit organizations. I did not make full use of the academy’s career and job placement tools, but their team has a wealth of knowledge and experience that they bend over backwards to share with the students. The team has a number of seminars and lectures in the second half of the program discussing data science jobs and interviews, and they bring interesting alumni back to share their experiences and candid advice with the students. Their team has incredible connections across all major industries, and they work hard to leverage their professional experience and network while helping each student navigate the challenges of job hunting and interviewing. I’m excited to continue using and building on these skills in my next professional role, and I hope sharing my experience will be helpful to other prospective bootcamp students.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am a career changer with an educational background in the humanities, and the academy was crucial to getting that important first job in a new field. The academy provided me the training and guidance build a small portfolio of data science projects,... Read More so that I was able to secure a job as a Senior Data Analyst at a great company.  One thing that differentiates this academy from other bootcamps is that they teach both R and Python. I really appreciated this because understanding how the same techniques can be implemented in different languages is important - since there are so many languages out there. The machine learning concepts are reinforced the second time around in the new language. Also, learning R allows you to connect with the R community, which is very strong in NYC. I, personally, am currently doing most of my work in R even though I knew python better before entering the program.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
This class was very useful. It helped me understand a lot of the visualization basics.,nyc-data-science-academy
Tony was effective at communicating material that was brand new to me using funny/quirky examples that also livened up the room. My critique would be to focus more on how/what would be most impactful to the professionals in the room for example expanding... Read More on pandas and numpy.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I have some background in programming, and I am using this class to brush up my long-estranged relationship with Python. It is very helpful for me to dip my hands back into this subject matter and start integrating this tool into my day - to -day work.... Read MoreRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the 12-weeks bootcamp at the NYC Data Science Academy. I am a postdoc in India. I had been writing graph algorithms for social network analysis and analyzing data using MS-Excel. I decided to extend myself to data science from data analysis.I researched... Read More for about six months to choose a proper academy to learn data science. I came up with a decision to join NYC Data Science Academy, because I can learn both R and Python within three months. But, I learnt more than I thought. I learnt SQL, Spark, deep learning, Hadoop and Hive as well. This is my best decision because the academy trained me to write code properly.The materials are technically sound for job interviews. Many experienced professors and industry professionals design and teach the materials. The course laid a solid foundation in data science. The people in the academy show keen interest in every student to understand the concept, in resume writing and above all, to get a job.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am a graduate from this place with experience in Data Science field. I came to NYC data science to learn more. But they have cramped the course content with so much material that you really dont get chance to deep dive.So if you think about it you could... Read More get the same content from Coursera and Udacity. They copy the contents from those places and change it and from the book as well. All the instructors are fresh out of college who dont have experience teaching nor industry experience, i repeat the instructors dont have experience teaching they might have the statistic background but not to a point to explain it properly. After graduating i had to relearn everything from online courses since i knew what to cover. So the only thing i can say i gained out of it is the structure to what i need to know as Data Scientist. About all the good review dont get biased these are from the students who have kind of have good rapo with the vivan who runs this place and they somehow or the other get benefited from it. In my batch from a year and half ago very few students from that batch are working as Data Scientist. As someone from the industry save the money and invest it wisely taking smaller courses which gives you more depth compared to this course where they give you more breadth and they dont go deep into each of the areas.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am extremely happy with my decision to attend NYCDSA’s 12-week data science bootcamp. I had recently completed my PhD in evolutionary biology and was looking for alternative career options. I found that data science satisfied both my intellectual curiosity... Read More and my desire for a challenging career, but I needed to find an avenue through which I could quickly make the change.I researched the different bootcamps in the NYC area and chose NYCDSA because the curriculum offered was unique, being taught in both R and Python, and the instructors had excellent academic and data science credentials.The program itself was fast-paced, in-depth, and admittedly, quite challenging. It began with coding fundamentals in both languages, and then progressed into the conceptual and mathematical foundations of machine learning theory. Along the way, we applied what we learned by completing four projects. Over the course of the bootcamp, the CTO and COO gave seminars on how best to prepare for the job interview process, and several alumni and other guest speakers gave us insight into their respective experiences in data science.At the end of the bootcamp, NYCDSA coordinates a hiring event where students are given the opportunity to speak with dozens of employers looking to hire data professionals. This was a great opportunity to get immediate exposure to potential job opportunities.Overall, while the bootcamp is quite demanding of your time and effort during the 12 weeks, it is absolutely worth it. I went from having almost no coding experience to a data scientist in a short period of time. I highly recommend NYCDSA’s boot camp.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the 12-week data science boot-camp at NYC Data Science Academy from Sep. 2016 to Dec. 2016. Before that I got my PhD in Chemistry and worked 6 years' as a Post-doc in biochemistry.The curriculum was well organized. 12-week courses covered R... Read More and Python programming, statistical analysis and machine learning. During the last few weeks, big data tools like Hadoop and Spark were also covered. For one coming from academic background, the breadth of topics and difficulty level felt just right. The boot-camp courses weren't supposed to teach you everything, but they did prepare me very well if I wanted to explore further data science topics. The bootcamp was intense. I was only sleeping for 4 hours a day during bootcamp. It was demanding both physically and mentally, but I wasn't alone in the journey. The instructors, TAs and classmates were all amazing. This bootcamp takes students from very different backgrounds, which I think is a unique advantage. I was able to see people applying data science tools to their own expertise brilliantly, fashion, marketing, IT, health care... It was very helpful for me who was looking to step outside of academia.NYCDSA also offers various job assistance such as networking, resume-editing and mock-interviews. Vivian also personally helps students tracking their job hunting status. I wasn't very active in job hunting due to my personal situation, but for the one position I applied for I was able to impress the hiring manager with the machine learning knowledge and skills I acquired at NYCDSA and got an offer the same day.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the class with Jon Krohn and could not be more pleased. Jon has a rare ability to take a complicated subject and reduce it to its fundamental elements. Instead of approaching the problems with math alone, Jon spends time crafting examples and analogies... Read More to make sure students understand the actual building blocks conceptually. That produces an epiphanic experience where we were able to visualize what is happening behind the scenes. The concepts I’ve learned in this class is something I plan to apply to real-world problems and therefore highly recommend this class to anyone who wants to learn about this field.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am Brazilian and I was working in the business area for 7 years in Brazil, analyzing health and safety indicators, incidents, and some other data to try to get insights and drive some business decisions. I didn’t have any coding background and I was... Read More lacking advanced statistics knowledge to help me out on finding insights. So, after reading a lot about data science I started a MBA in Big Data and Analytics here in Brazil but this MBA was not exactly what I was looking for. I needed something more practical with more coding challenges and more details (theory and coding) on machine learning models, etc. With that in mind, I started looking for other courses to fulfill my needs. I ended up finding the data science bootcamp at NYC Data Science Academy, quitting my job, stopping my MBA and went to New York to attend the bootcamp. This was the best decision I have ever made.Learning how to code in both R and Python is very useful and the way that the bootcamp teaches you theory and the application of machine learning is great. It’s not easy, the pace is very fast, so you really need to focus and study a lot and you will see how much you can learn in only 12 weeks. You will be very busy learning theory and completing exercises everyday, besides projects, coding challenges, labs, machine learning challenges, etc.The projects are very challenging and very useful to learn and practice what you have learnt by the time of the project. If you do a good job, you will have a good portfolio to present to future employers.The instructors and the TA’s have different backgrounds, so you can reach them with any subject you are learning. They are very helpful and easy to reach out. The entire team is very hardworking and they push you hard to go deeper and learn more and more. The environment is great, the students help each other, share what they learnt from other materials and from completing the exercises as well. The facilities are very good, I spent late nights there studying together with other students.This bootcamp allowed me to change quickly my career. I came back to Brazil after the bootcamp and 2 months later I got the job offer I wanted in a great consulting company. I think if you really want to become a data scientist, this is the place to start. The team is very good in preparing the students for all the steps on interviews, writing a good resume, etc.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The motivation in attending a data science bootcamp generally starts with reading testimonials, which are the experiences and thoughts of past fellows. I believe that my experience as a remote participant in the Summer 2017 bootcamp is unique as the NYC... Read More Data Science Academy made it live stream to me throughout the bootcamp. This is totally different experience than doing bootcamp online as I was able to join lectures, industry expert speaker sessions, and workshops as the fellows did in person. This was indeed great opportunity for me as I was able to ask my questions during the lectures and seminars and participated actively with my comments. The crucial point here is that live streaming the bootcamp and communicating through Slack channel made it possible for the team at the Academy to track my progress in the assignments and projects daily and encouraged me to participate fully in the bootcamp.  I can definitely say that attending the NYC Data Science Academy bootcamp was one of the greatest investments in my life. I learnt how to code efficiently in R and learnt coding in Python with real life projects. I am hundred percent sure that my attendance to the bootcamp let me to find my current data science related post doctoral position. I could suggest future candidates to take some initial online courses for machine learning and deep learning, where they will find themselves more comfortable while approaching highly-technical projects in the bootcamp.  One of the strongest side of this bootcamp at the NYC Data Science Academy is the time and effort that the hiring team spends on. For remote participants, this is much more valuable than any other thing as you are receiving constant help in finding best job depending on your portfolio. And you feel that you are a member of an excellent group of data scientist. As an active learner of data science field, I recommend the NYC Data Science Academy with full of confidence.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Going into the course, I was slightly afraid that I would get lost in the mathematical concepts, and may not have the necessary technical know-how. Turns out I actually had a ton of fun with this class. Jon's class preparation goes beyond any educator... Read More I have worked with. He is able to illustrate the complex concepts with super-easy-to-understand visulizations and/or videos. When it came to application, he walked us through, line-by-line, all the code, and incrementally built up the complexity. Honestly, I can't believe we were able to cover convolutional models, recurrent models, generative adversarial networks, and deep reinforcement learning in such a short time. There was ample amount of sample code in Jupyter Notebooks to follow. Aside from that, Jon was just super nice guy and very humble. The course is beneficial to those that just want to learn in more detail how Artificial Intelligence can be applied, and also those that are more senior data scientists that want to add Deep Learning techniques to their tool-belt.My only recommendation for the school is that it would have been nicer for a cloud environment to be set up for us, or to have very specific instructions on how we can do so. It turned out to be a great learning experience anyway, but for a non-technical person, it was slightly daunting at first.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
I attended the Deep Learning course at the NY Data Science Academy that was taught by Jon Krohn during October 2017 - December 2017. Overall it was exactly what I hoped it would be. It gave me a strong foundation of all the core deep learning concepts.... Read More The class was hosted on every other Saturday which allowed enough time to fully explore a particular topic between classes. Jon made a particular effort to keep the material simple and explained the concepts intuitively rather than with complicated math. Jon has great understanding of the content and is well prepared for each lesson. I thoroughly enjoyed the class and it has motivated me to pivot my career into deep learning. I would recommend this class to anyone who is passionate about deep learning but don't know where to begin. It is also great for anyone who has worked with some but not all of the deep learning techniques.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"Attending the NYCDSA 12-week bootcamp is the best career decision I've ever made. I came to it after finishing my PhD in math and working for a year in academia. I wanted to get into data science for lots of reasons (leveraging my background, interesting... Read More problems, ample job opportunities, interest in coding, good pay, etc.) but after spending six years in graduate school, the last thing I wanted to do was go back to school for two years to learn basic data science skills.This program allowed me to do this career change quickly without compromising the quality of the material I learned. The program emphasizes sound foundations in coding in R and Python and in both the theory and application of machine learning. The pace is very fast but you learn and do an incredible amount in those 12 weeks. Even when full absorption of the material isn't possible, the bootcamp does a great job of exposing you to tools and concepts you'll need to be familiar with later. The projects are incredibly valuable for building skills and exposing future employers to your work. You would be spending your money wisely just to come and complete the projects. The bootcamp students and the TAs/instructors have varied backgrounds, which also makes for a great environment because you can learn from everyone. The entire company - from fellow students to TAs to instructors to the CTO and COO - is filled with smart, hardworking people who are pushing to help you reach your potential.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"TL;DR: The NYCDSA full-time bootcamp is a great way to start a career pivot into data science. The curriculum covers the most important topics in the space; the instructors are accessible and actually care; and you'll get out what you put in.The first... Read More four weeks are python and R basics. These can get a little tedious and heavy on programming, but are important so that you can fly around when doing the more advanced stuff. The next couple are on web scraping, then a few more on machine learning, then some on more advanced topics like distributed computing, time series analysis, and deep learning. The 3-hour morning lectures are helpful and touch on the most important issues from a high level. The homework assignments (usually every other day) and projects (4 total) are how you actually retain the information. If you stay on top of these assignments and aren't afraid to ask for help, you'll learn so so much! I thought the first ~8 weeks were thorough and well-paced. I thought the last 4 weeks rushed through a number of advanced topics without enough time to retin the information through projects, homeworks, and other ""real world"" practice. I'd recommend choosing a few of these topics to really focus on in your projects rather than trying to understand everything from the last 4 weeks just from a high level.This particular bootcamp has a lot of industry connections. After graduating, the hiring partner cocktail event will lead to a number of interviews with companies looking for entry level people.Taking this bootcamp (or any other, frankly) provides a stamp of legitimacy on your pivot to data science that you probably couldn't get from just teaching yourself python and doing online coursera courses.You'll get out what you put in with NYCDSA. Sometimes this means 60 hour weeks right before projects are due.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"WHY Data Science and WHY NYCDSA: I had no idea about data science until 2016 Feb when Alphago defeated Li Shishi and it was the first time for me to get to know what is Artificial Intelligence and what is machine learning. Bringing my huge curiosity,... Read More I self-learnt an online Machine Learning course on Coursera and was able utilize the skill , for the first time, in my working project and had a positive outcome. Being proud of my achievement, I also realized there was still a long way down the road. This is actually the reason why I decided to join bootcamp - fully armed myself with comprehensive data science skillset and then shifting my career towards a new page. NYCDSA is a perfect choice for me as it teaches anything you need to know to work as junior data scientist and allows you to keep full time job as the same time. Experience: Even though it is an part-time online bootcamp, I was investing 40+ hours / week on studying slides, having office hour with TA and doing projects with current full time students. The bootcamp starts with an introduction Toolkits (Unix,Git,SQL,etc.), followed by introduction to R/Python, then followed by statistics and machine learning immediately applied using R and Python. The comprehensive curriculum is completed by an introduction to Big Data tools. I was able to finish a strong portfolio with 4 projects in Shiny App, Web Scraping, Kaggle and Capstone. I learned a lot especially by collaborating with full time students and TAs, so I would strongly recommend those online students who are physically in NYC, walk in the classroom and collaborate with full-time students on your last two projects. In terms of job assistance, NYCDSA can provide tremendous assistance on your job hunting after your graduation. Vivian and Chris know what you need to have on your resume to catch HR’s eye and get an interview, and they have a strong network which can expose you to much more opportunities. Outcome: I finally received offer from 2 Top insurance companies, 2 Top hospitals, and 2 boutique consulting companies. I feel my investment of 7 months of study and $16K totally worth as it allows me to finally launch my dream job. Thank you New York City Data Science Academy and I would recommend it to anyone who has same dream to be a data scientist.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I spent my undergraduate years focusing on the life sciences without much formal educational background in programming and advanced statistics. While working as a data analyst my first few years out of college, I gained practical coding experience in... Read More R, picking up general programming and modeling experience - even still, I lacked the underlying foundation needed to understand and implement more complex machine learning for my projects at work.The NYCDSA online bootcamp was the perfect blend of machine learning theory and practical, hands-on projects helping to solidify the lecture concepts. The overall experience was intense: I worked full-time at my day job and spent most of my free time (~30 hours/week) keeping up with lectures, course projects and career development - but got out an incredible learning experience, which helped me to perform more advanced projects at my current job and ultimately to find a new full-time data science role. My TA, meeting with me at least weekly, along with my online cohort of 4 other students, held us all accountable for staying on track with course deadlines and project work. This accountability was a crucial component in keeping us motivated throughout the 5 months; other online programs fail to do this and suffer student dropout as a result.Another invaluable outcome of the program is the portfolio of projects (~5), which NYCDSA greatly emphasizes and helps groom. I used these as a demonstration of my experience (both from a coding standpoint on GitHub, and data storytelling standpoint, on the NYCDSA blog) in almost all job applications. While one does not need to attend a bootcamp in order to create a project portfolio, NYCDSA makes sure to curate and grade the assignments so as to demonstrate in the portfolio an important mix of technical skillsets sought in the job market, and holds its students to higher standards of work quality than they might hold themselves.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I came to NYCDSA immediately after graduating from college with a bachelors in math and finance. I had been struggling with passing quantitative interviews due to my lack of programming skills. The New York City Data Science Academy helped out sooo much... Read More on that end by constantly keeping us busy with lectures, homework, and projects. I was very surprised at how quickly I was able to learn programming in Python and pass assessments and interviews for a number of top hedge funds. There is no way I would've been able to learn as much as I did in as short amount of a time anywhere else. On top of that, having instructors, TAs, and a team devoted to helping me develop the skils and connections I needed was invaluable. After graduating from the bootcamp, I completed a project in Python for a quantitative investment firm, impressed them, and got the job. I'm so glad I came to NYCDSA to build the skills I needed for a career I'm truly passionate about.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Machine Learning is transforming the world at an incredible pace and I felt it was imperative for me to acquire new skills in order to be professionally relevant. The summer bootcamp fit my schedule perfectly and I decided to enroll to better understand... Read More this exciting new field. With a PhD in Engineering from a top-five ranked school and significant background in Computational Materials Science, I felt that I had sufficient background to be successful in the bootcamp. Due to my hectic schedule, I was unable to complete all the pre-work prior to the bootcamp and I believe that this had an impact in my learning experience at the later stages of the bootcamp. In my opinion, pre-work is analogous to binary decision trees—you are trained to be independent weak learners ahead of the bootcamp. The actual bootcamp is more like a random forest where individual students work alongside other students as well as Teaching Assistants and Course Instructors to significantly contribute on a variety of real world projects related to Data Visualization, Web Scraping, Machine Learning and Big Data. The course is fast paced and students are exposed to a variety of technologies relevant to Data Science. The instructors are knowledgeable and fellow students in the cohort are sharp. It is not surprising that NYC Data Science Academy is one of SwitchUp’s Top Bootcamps of 2017. I strongly recommend this bootcamp to individuals who are seriously interested to pursue a full-time career in Data Science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I came into NYC Data Science with experience working as a data analyst at several companies and active data consulting work.At NYDSA, I wanted to spend three months solidifying my existing skillset as data analyst and learning areas that I did not know... Read More much about like machine learning and big data. In my jobs, I had previously worked with both Python and R, and appreciated the value of both languages. I also liked that NYDSA wasn't part of some big cookie cutter data science bootcamp chain. For the first month of NYCDSA when we covered topics like data wrangling, visualization, shiny, and web scraping, it was mostly review for me. That being said, I learned some new tools and tricks, and was able to work on some interesting projects with some help with from our great teachers. I also got to meet and learn from a lot of interesting classmates. The students at NYDSA come from a wide variety of backgrounds, from PHDs to straight out of bachelors programs, and are definitiely part of the value of the program. After watching me instruct classmates on web scraping, which I had a lot of experience with before the bootcamp, NYCDSA asked me if I wanted to record web scraping lectures for their online data science bootcamp. I agreed to record them and got to have some experience teaching while I was still a student in the bootcamp, which both solidied my skills and helped me earn back some of tuition. During the machine learning and big data portion of the bootcamp, I was exposed to lots of new material and learned a lot. While I still have a lot to learn, I now have a good understanding of different machine learning models and techniques, and some of the big data technologies. One month after the bootcamp ended, I started working full-time at a consulting company that I was consulting for during the bootcamp. With my experience in the program, I was able to negotiate better terms on my contract with the company. In addition, I have been doing some additional data science consulting on the side (one project referred by NYCDSA) and the skills learned at NYDSA have benefited me in all my work. If you invest your time in the program, you will get three months of data science learning with awesome teachers who know their stuff and are willing to help you through any learning hurdles. As someone who has and continues to learn most of this stuff on my own, three months with expert teachers definitely accelerated my learning pace. So if you want to spend three months learning a lot of data science, I would recommend you sign upRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Going to NYCDSA is one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. Data science was completely new to me and I didn’t have a vey good programming background. At NYCDSA, i was able to master both my data science and programming skills with the help of ever-present... Read More instructors, TA’s and friendly classmates. The curriculum was well balanced with all important data science topics, lab practices and mandatory individual projects included. In addition, they also had weekly coding challenges and professional development courses which teaches you how to deal with interviews and present your self in the real world. The three months program was intense but is doable if you put in effort and dedication. After the course, the academy also help you with your resumes and get interviews with companies within their connection. I highly recommend NYCDSA to all aspiring Data Scientist as this program helped me achieve my dream of becoming Data Scientist within 3 months after graduating.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am a recent NYCDSA graduate. Before the retrospect. The outcomes first: Know myself better, made great friends, landed a great job within 3 months, came back to the dream land……My story is a little different. The pre-DSA career is not bad at all. I... Read More have had worked for a couple of top companies in the pharma and health industry for several years after getting my PhD. For some reasons, I am always thinking of expanding and tuning my fields. Life is quite dynamic that I recently moved to the east coast and happened to get stresses from various parts of the life. Rather than hanging there, I decided to challenge myself and make changes. I have thought of schools but it is not realistic for my situation. I have studied some bootcamps and visited NYCDSA last year. The people there were very kind and down to the earth. I was not too confident at first but I would like to give a try. Therefore I gave up what I was doing, which was pretty risky and got a lot of doubts from people around me.But I always know very well and anyone should keep in mind that 3 months can hardly make one totally expert in data science, otherwise I will be willing to pay 10 times more. We should always keep learning; the effort will pay back. The course designs are up to date. They focus on practical data science skills. The first month is about coding and analysis in R and python, which I found helpful in my case. After that, machine learnings have been emphasized on both python and R, then the big data part. Most of us are not directly from cs or math backgrounds. We had to work very hard for the classes in the morning, the homework at night and most importantly, the 4 projects with different emphases. We were pushed by the deadlines and harsh schedules, like the real world, have to come out the results before knowing everything. I was the humblest guy during the 3 months in my entire life J. The instructors are very kind, helpful and always there to help. During the process, I have made some great friends, knowing people from such diverse backgrounds and also know myself better. Although I got my job on my own search according to my specialized interests and desires. The NYCDSA tried its very best to connect alumni and companies for the hiring. They have great connections. There are many alumni get jobs from the network.Suggestions and lessons: Once you have made the decision to attend the bootcamp, forget the past and dedicate yourself. Always focus, do not doubt your decision for one second or look back. Skill is very important, but that’s not everything. Try to communicate, make friends and find out your strength well during the bootcamp. Design at least 2 of your 4 projects well, you know yourself the best, interact with the instructors frequently but do not solely rely on their ideas. Do not live far, I burned myself out on the long trip every day. For the projects, try to team up with members most accountable, fair and those with high integrity and work ethics. If you share the common interest, that’s even better. Do not judge others only by the technical or coding skills, it’s a teamwork, cultural fit is critical. Last but not the least, we do pay a lot and might give up what we already have for the bootcamp. But when you get the quick reward in life, these pains with hope are abosultely worth it.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I have had a very positive experience during and after completion of the NYC Data Science Academy's Full-Time Data Science BootCamp. I chose this particular school because they were the most transparent (the full - and very rigirous ciriculum is available... Read More on their website) and the depth and breadth of interview questions from the Data Science Academy convinced me that they take this very seriously - and that this would be a very difficult but rewarding 12 weeks.To start from the beginning. the application process of the time was rather straightforward - a web application, a short programming assignment, and an interview. Although I didn't have much familiarity with Python or R and had been working in the retail wealth management industry for the past 3 years, my educational background is a B.S. in Mathematics and a minor in Computer Science and was considered sufficicient for me to be accepted into the program. In hindsight, I think the most important prerequisite (outside of the base math/computer knowledge) is having passion for data/programming/AI/statistics/etc then the potential difficultiy of the content becomes secondary to your desire to learn and improve.The Data Science Academy did a terrific job selecting the studens - the main commonality being the passion and desire to learn a lot of difficult content in a short amount of time.The program is project oriented - both individual and group projects. There is a good deal of flexibility about the project topic/content so each student ends up with a unique portfolio of ~4 projects (and corresponding presentations/blog posts).For example, I did an EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis) project and created an interactive webapp using R and Shiny based on data for a particular anti-poverty initiative from a large mulitinational charity. This webapp visualized the breakdown in demographics, geography, and other metrics to help that organization identify trends in the data and better allocate their resources going forward.The other projects I worked on utilized a wide array of popular datascience tools and techniques, my personal favorites: web scraping (big fan of Selenium + BeautifulSoup ), natural language processing, visualizations, and machine learning. There are a few technical resources available that not all students take adavantage of, those are the various linux servers and hadoop/spark clusters available. During the machine learning project, each time I ran my ensemble of models it woud incapacitate my laptop for ~30hours. I soon discovered the value of using a high powered remote server for number crunching - and polished my linux/BASH scripting skills in the process.The staff and instructuors are very thoughtful about keeping an environment condusive to learning. Every Friday there would be a Q&amp;A session with the staff where they would ask the students their thoughts on the pace of this week's ciriculum along with other questions/issues. I mentioned that the hand sanitizer dispensar was empty, they listened and had it filled the next week.The instructors are great. The lecture sessions can run on a bit long, but they are finely tuned machines, packed with a ton of great content and example code. They are accessible on slack and answer frequently answered my coding questions at odd hours of the evening. As the content grew in difficulty, it was very obvious that each instructor has mastered the topic of their lecture - I never felt dissapointed with their answers to my questions.The atmosphere was condusive to learning, everyone was open to helping each with homework/project coding questions if asked. I was pleased with the sense of comradary among the students as opposed to the toxic competitive environments I've seen at some traditional higher education institutions.The Raspberry Pi computers have been a personal interes of mine, and one of my projects usilng a Pi 3 caught the attention of the managent staff at the Academy. He saw some good potential, and put me in touch with their PR contact, two months later my project gets publised online and in print - https://www.raspberrypi.org/magpi/issues/61/ (page 13).Towrds the end of the BootCamp their staff put me directly in contact with several managers/exeutives at business hiring data science personell. I had much better job application results when I leveraged their network as opposed to a cold application. Althought it took a few months after graduating, the Data Science Academy put me in contact with my future employer.Currently I'm working with the title Data Science Contractor for a Data Science Consultancy. I am extremely happy with the work I'm doing. Every day I get to work on interesting conceptual puzzles and work with Amazon and Google's cloud computing and big data tools. Our work is primarily done in Python, BASH, and SQL, and the NYC Data Science Academy really helped me prepare for the various technical and statistiacal challenges in this profession.I couldn't be happier with my decision.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"What impressed me most about my experience at NYC Data Science Academy (NYCDSA) was that it exceeded all of the expectations I had from speaking with the instructors and researching the program online. The entire team truly went above and beyond and I... Read More have only positive things to say about the instructors, the curriculum, and the way the experience changed me personally.I found the instructors at NYCDSA to be not only incredibly knowledgeable, but approachable, thoughtful teachers. They seemed to really care about each student’s development and regularly stayed late in the evenings to offer help. If they could not be present in person, the instructors were always an e-mail/Slack message away and made it a point to check in with students and offer additional resources. I also liked that they not only taught the theory behind machine learning algorithms, but explained their most common applications and pitfalls to watch out for.The curriculum at NYCDSA is constantly updated to reflect the most valuable skills for the real world. I found during interviews that whenever I was asked whether I had experience with a certain data science technique or language, I could either say “yes” or show a project to demonstrate my skills directly. What I was taught always matched up with what was requested of me in the interviewing or working world. Even after the end of the bootcamp, I kept my slides and materials for review, and was provided with hundreds of interview questions to help me succeed going forward.Most importantly, the NYCDSA provided an amazing support group and helped me transform myself during a critical point in time. The other students were dedicated, kind, and came from all different backgrounds. I learned a huge amount from them and the instructors about the process of learning a skill like data science/programming and collaborating successfully. Apart from teaching the curriculum, instructors also provided resume reviews, listened to elevator pitches, and made themselves available to discuss interview experiences. I felt as though I had a whole village behind me, rooting for my success. I would without a doubt recommend NYCDSA to any friends or colleagues looking to learn data science. It was an exceptional experience and I feel grateful to have found it.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I would highly recommend anyone who wants to switch career to data science or strengthen data science knowledge to apply NYC Data Science Academy. Before I joined the Boot camp, two of my close friends already graduated from the program and landed their... Read More dream jobs. So unlike most of people who don’t know too much about this program and have to do some research before applying it, I applied the program without a hesitation and also had a high expectation as well. The curriculum design was excellent and really taught you how to learn new tech skills, frameworks quickly. It could be hard for people who are not exposed to programming or statistics to keep up the pace. Make sure to go through all the pre work and learn basic statistics before attending the boot camp. Once you started to work on your final project, you will notice that you’ve learned so much.All the instructors are very talented and very patient to students. Vivian and Chris work hard to help you to find a good job once you’ve graduated. After you graduate, NYCDSA sticks with you. Vivian and Claire emailed us frequently with new job opportunities and openings. It’s not going to be easy. You will have nights you have to stay up to finish the project, missed parties that you don’t have time to attend to. But it will be worth it! The knowledge that I’ve learned in 3 months are way more than my two years master degree and I got my dream job too. I’ve never regretted to attend NYC Data Science Academy. I’ve met so many amazing friends in the boot camp. It’s a very valuable experience to me in terms of career development and personal growth as well. If you are passionate about data science and big data and you are willing to put hard work to achieve the goal in a short time of period, there is no better place than NYC Data Science Academy to learn data science skills.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"It is one of my best decisions to attend NYC Data Science Academy. During the bootcamp, I gained more confidence in programming. The coding skills taught are always on trend. Followed by the schedule of the bootcamp, I smoothly transferred my career path... Read More into data science. I do not only learned R, Python with corresponding practical, popular libraries in industrial applications but also acquired the ability in quickly learning new skills. NYC Data Science Academy provides students a good platform to communicate computer programming, machine learning algorithms, and its applications. Instructors and TAs are always helpful and patient for students to overcome difficulties in the study and provide supports. At the same time, students could have a blog platform with editing help to present projects. Interview skill development and career advice from Chris and Vivian are powerful to develop students as strong competitors in the job market. I really appreciate the knowledge, skills, and support I acquired from NYC Data Science Academy. I highly recommend NYC Data Science Academy to anyone who is interested in this career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I went into the bootcamp with little more than a liberal arts B.A. and some online self-training. Within 6 months of finishing the bootcamp, I received multiple job offers and landed a dream job on the strength of my data science skills. The employer... Read More found me through the NYC DSA job network-- in that sense, the Academy continued paying dividends well after I had finished. It is hard. If you are willing to devote your time and effort to developing a new skill, you will be rewarded by this program. The instructors and administration are willing to go the extra mile to help you whenever you take initiative. Highly recommended!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Really a good experience learning from NYCDataScience. Initially tried learning online through various MOOC but wasnt able to make much progress. Going to NYC gave me a good structure how to learn Data Science . Definitely you will come out with breadth... Read More of knowledge in 3 months which will help you in your career . Experienced lecturers. The only cons i can think of is it goes by very fast so its sometimes tough to keep up with the speed.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"How I startedWhen I started getting interested in data science, I was looking for any online courses/ bootcamp to help me get into the data science world. And I found out NYC Data Science Academy was the best out of all the data science bootcamps in terms... Read More of curriculum, and after talked to Claire and Vivian about how they helped students to locate job after the bootcamp, I decided to apply for the full-time bootcamp.Preapre for the full-time bootcamp-PreworkAfter I got admitted, I got access to the online prework courses (Python and R introductory courses). I really love how they organized each video and there are exercises following with each part in the video. I didn't know anything about R and Python before, and the pre-work assignments are overlaped with the content of the first 4 weeks of bootcamp, so it helped me to adapt to the speed of the class in the bootcamp.12-Week Full-Time BOOTCMAPThe bootcamp was very intense, the curriculum was comprehensive, which covered from data anlysis, machine learning in both Python and R, and introduction to Big Data tools. We also did 4 different projects, which was important especially when it comes to job hunting. I didn't look for full-time data science jobs after the bootcamp because I got admission to the master program at Columbia University, and thanks to my experience at NYC Data Science Academy, I can handle the programming and data work in my current courses and projects. And I still receive ongoing career support from the team and chat with instructors and students time from time now. It was so nice to work with all these hard-working and passinate people in the data science world. 100% RECOMMENDEDRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Long story short --I have a PhD in computational geoscience and worked as a geophysicist in Houston for five years. I joined NYCDSA for the 12-week bootcamp, and worked as hard as I could. I was hired after my first interview, with an offer in hand within... Read More two weeks post graduation. NYCDSA has helped me achieve this smooth transition into a brand new field in just 3.5 months.How I made the decision to join --1) The time commitment is right: I was willing to put in a few months of my time through well-designed highly-intensive training, rather than spending a year or so to learn on my own. I do not want to go through a one-to-two-year data science master's program, considering a) I have a quantitative PhD degree, and b) although many data science theories have been long established, data science platforms and tools are evolving fast.2) Word-of-Mouth: I have friends in New York working in the data domain recommending this academy over other data science training offerings. ""richer content"", ""up-to-date material"", ""good instructors"" are among the key words that I recall.3) A balanced focus on teaching and job service: I have interviewed with a few different data science bootcamps. Many of them gave me a feeling that they want me to be 90% ready for a data scientist role coming in, and they are only willing to do the 10% polishing to get me ""sold"". NYCDSA convinced me with their road map that they will first focus on teaching the content that they are proud of, then switch gear near the end to the job search part. They shared their online pre-work content with me, so I could get ready. I was impressed by the quality of the recorded lectures and coding platform, which further boosted my faith in the academy.Experience at the bootcamp --1) The contentThe teaching material is well developed and feels fresh. They keep polishing the core content and introduce many newly developed ""jump start"" sessions along the way. You are well informed about what's new out there while learning all the fundamentals.2) The instructorsThey have a stable teaching team here. Unlike many other camps which keep losing instructors and hiring recently graduated trainees as instructors, NYCDSA has a stable team. The majority of them started working here from years ago when the 12-week bootcamp was initiated.They are a knowledgeable, friendly and hardworking group of people, with finance, math, computer science, physics background. When they are not teaching, they either help the students or work together on their side projects. It is smooth to learn from people you respect and admire.3) The fellow campersA vast majority of the students here have or are working on a graduate STEM degree, with a solid quantitative background. Many also bring in years of experience from finance, health care, software engineering, marketing or other fields. What they all share is a strong will to perform and succeed in data science.I feel honored to have worked with a few of them on the group projects. We helped each other not just during the bootcamp, but also during the job search period. I am convinced that it is a great professional and personal network to be in, for the long future after our time at the academy.4) The career serviceNYCDSA organizes hiring events for each cohort. You will see quite a few Fortune 500 companies coming to the event, as well as promising start-ups. The NYSDSA career team verify the job vacancies, collect details about the hiring teams, and prepare cohort members individually for a successful outcome (resume, LinkedIn, GitHub, blog posts, interview skills, and many other aspects.) They also utilize their own personal network to get interview opportunities when they see a great match.They keep supporting and motivating the students during the course of job search. There are rooms set aside for graduates to come back to and work on things. Here you get daily check-in's from the instructing team and helpful discussion with fellow cohort members. I have been enjoying this cozy and welcoming space often, and plan to keep gaining knowledge and energy from this ideally located data science hub.Advice for future students --1) Complete the pre-work, have an initial plan for the projects coming in.2) Work hard during the bootcamp, be curious and independent. Treat it as a 3-month internship.3) Plan to jump right into job hunting effort right after.4) When working with wonderful teammates, make sure to deliver your parts; after achieving your goals, remind yourself that you have been kindly helped along the way.Closing comments --It has been a great investment. With the guidance, help, and support from NYCDSA, my job preparation and search time frame has been shortened by at least 3-6 months. For people with solid STEM background and strong desire to work in Data Science, this bootcamp should be a challenging and rewarding journey. I would continue to cherish the relationship I have built with my mentors and friends met during Cohort 9 at the academy. I wish them well.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The 12-week data science bootcamp is a highly useful experience both for people looking to transition into data science and those who seek to expand their skills set in their current field. A core dimension of the program is exposing and drilling you... Read More in a range of technologies that are very sought after on the market for data scientist/data analyst/quantitative analyst positions, spanning fields from tech, finance, healthcare, marketing, research etc. On this front, a distinguishing feature of the bootcamp is that you work in both either R and Python as primary languages, so that you become proficient in both languages by the end of the bootcamp, which is very valuable. Besides these languages, the bootcamp also teaches staples of database, file management and version control like bash, git, SQL (MySQL, SQLite) and MongoDB as well as in demand big data tools like Spark, Hive, Hadoop, AWS, etc. This is a very powerful set of tools to have under your belt. Certainly, the more familiar you are with these technologies before joining the bootcamp, and the more intense effort you are willing to put into practicing these skills, the more you will be able to get out of the experience, and you must be prepared to absorb new technologies very fast, but at the bootcamp, you get a structured and very supportive environment to help you achieve this. The TAs are excellent, very dedicated, and willing to assist you with any question or problem you may have.A second core dimension of the program is anchoring you in the mechanics of statistical inference, machine learning algorithms, and data mining. The curriculum is grounded in canonical texts in machine learning and is organized such that you get to cover a lot of ground in a short time. The concepts are explained very clearly, first from a mathematical perspective and then implemented step by step in both R and Python. The instructors have various specialties in which they teach, are extremely knowledgeable and can answer questions at any level of depth. Tying these first two dimensions together are mostly daily problem sets and five projects, where you get to use the skills you are learning. For the projects, you can even go beyond, learning and adding a technology or skill that may not have been directly taught, if it serves your project. You will have ample support from the TAs and instructors through all this, and your classmates will make a very useful learning community. For the projects, it is helpful to give yourself plenty of time in advance to come up with ideas, but here again, your TAs, instructors, and classmates will be very helpful sounding boards.The third core pillar of the program is job search assistance. During the bootcamp there is a series of job search preparation lectures that include resume review, search and interview tips, interview type quizzes, and industry guest speakers. You will be encouraged, given many useful tips, and get motivated to become very disciplined and efficient in your approach. At the end of the bootcamp, each cohort is invited to a career event focused exclusively on the newly graduated cohort, with hiring managers from a diverse set of companies. You won’t be handheld, and you must apply discipline and commitment to your search, applications, and preparation for interviews after the boot camp ends, but the job search assistance from the bootcamp will continue until you find a job, with the opportunity to interview with companies that hold interviews at the bootcamp, referrals to positions you’re applying through the frequent advertisements sent to alumni or to positions you apply on your own, a bank of practice interview questions, interview performance review, and an alumni dedicated place to come work on your search at the bootcamp headquarters available to all alumni.The bootcamp is a very intense experience and you have to commit yourself to it 120% percent, but you will leave with a skill set that will advance your career, a set of projects and a certification that, in my experience, will attract many recruiters, the drive and inspiration to push yourself to reach your maximum potential, and a support network that will be there for as you pursue your professional dreams post-bootcamp. In addition, in my experience and that of several of my cohort classmates, both during and after the bootcamp, you will become an independent learner in the field of data science who is capable to advance and add to their skill set on their own. This is an invaluable skill in any data-related role you will hold. In sum, the bootcamp is a highly valuable experience that will leave a very positive impact on your professional life. I am very grateful I made this choice and I can only wholeheartedly recommend it to everyone.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I was a postdoc at Duke University (Engineering) and my background is control and optimization. I participated NYCDSA Online Data Science Program (10/2016 - 02/2017).NYCDSA online video lectures have a very high quality. I found that the well-organized... Read More class material and lecture notes very helpful to prepare for data scientist job interviews. I can review the material repeatedly until I am ready for the interviews. Also, everything I need to pass a data scientist job interview is covered in the program, which can certainly facilitate my interview preparation.Vivian and the entire NYCDSA team are extremely helpful for data scientist job searching. From resume/cover letter revision, coding practice, to data scientist technical interview preparation, NYCDSA has enabled me to make a smooth transition from academia to industry.After the completion of the online (part-time) program, I found a job at Citibank as a Fraud Data Scientist in three months. Without NYCDSA online program, I would have to spend much more time to find the right direction to achieve what I have been able to accomplish through this online program.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Going to NYC Data Science Academy is a decision I don’t regret for a second. These were ones of the most challenging 3 months but well worth it. I learnt a lot and got a lot of support that I would not have gotten anywhere else.As long as you are ready... Read More to put in a lot of sweat, hours and effort, you will be successful and do extremely well because you will always get the support of the TAs, staff and fellow students. You are surrounded by a bunch of smart people and TAs who are here to support you and help you grow. The fact that NYC DSA selects students with a Masters or PhD degree is a big plus because you end up working with people from whom you can learn tremendously. Their experience and background make the bootcamp that much more interesting.The curriculum is solid and half of it is dedicated to machine learning. Some bootcamps only dedicate a few weeks to machine learning which does not make sense to me given that it is the core of a data science position. The curriculum keeps evolving based on the feedback the students give every week during the pulse check. I believe that you won’t have any difficulty finding a data science position after attending the bootcamp as long as you have the drive and treat the bootcamp and your job hunting as a full time job. Also, NYC DSA offers a lot of help in your job hunting. The last 3 weeks of the bootcamp are dedicated to helping you with your job hunt (don’t worry you’ll still be working on your data science skillset in the meantime with probably the toughest classes of the bootcamp happening at that time too…). You’ll receive a lot of support to find a job from the staff and they will prepare you for interviews.All in all, get ready to work hard and if you do, this will be one of the best decisions you will ever make to advance your career in data scienceRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Going to NYC Data Science Academy is a decision I don’t regret for a second. These were ones of the most challenging 3 months but well worth it. I learnt a lot and got a lot of support that I would not have gotten anywhere else.As long as you are ready... Read More to put in a lot of sweat, hours and effort, you will be successful and do extremely well because you will always get the support of the TAs, staff and fellow students. You are surrounded by a bunch of smart people and TAs who are here to support you and help you grow. The fact that NYC DSA selects students with a Masters or PhD degree is a big plus because you end up working with people from whom you can learn tremendously. Their experience and background make the bootcamp that much more interesting.The curriculum is solid and half of it is dedicated to machine learning. Some bootcamps only dedicate a few weeks to machine learning which does not make sense to me given that it is the core of a data science position. The curriculum keeps evolving based on the feedback the students give every week during the pulse check. I believe that you won’t have any difficulty finding a data science position after attending the bootcamp as long as you have the drive and treat the bootcamp and your job hunting as a full time job. Also, NYC DSA offers a lot of help in your job hunting. The last 3 weeks of the bootcamp are dedicated to helping you with your job hunt (don’t worry you’ll still be working on your data science skillset in the meantime with probably the toughest classes of the bootcamp happening at that time too…). You’ll receive a lot of support to find a job from the staff and they will prepare you for interviews.All in all, get ready to work hard and if you do, this will be one of the best decisions you will ever make to advance your career in data science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I had been in the 12 week data science bootcamp last year summer, which changed my view to myself about leaning data science. It was a big challenge for me at that time as I had little programming experience. Although the course was extremely intensive,... Read More the tutors and TAs were very helpful and encourage us to find a way to achieve the goal. Also, I believe that the course are very comprehansive and good for someone who really wanna find a related job in Data Science industry. Now I am studying Master of Data science in University of Rochester. My experience in the 3 month bootcamp, defenitely increased my chance to be admiited. I would like to say thanks to all of them who helped me at that time and make me ever stronger.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I can’t begin to describe how inclusive, rigorous, and rewarding is New York City Data Science Academy’s Data Science Boot Camp. It is inclusive in the sense that those applicants it admits are not exclusively from among statisticians, mathematicians,... Read More and computer scientists. Professionals from other disciplines who recognize and appreciate the importance of a more structured, quantitative approach to business comprise a significant component of each boot camp cycle, providing context, breadth of experience, and real-world application to the data science discipline. In turn, they benefit from the experience and capabilities of their classmates specializing in more technical disciplines.The boot camp program is rigorous in that it demands broad competence not just in a single language. While competing programs may focus exclusively on developing competence narrowly in R or Python, the NYCDSA boot camp demands that its recruits master both. This gives those who complete the program greater flexibility, as they can appreciate the strengths of each language and invoke one or the other as best suits the task at hand.Apart from the new skills obtained, the NYCDSA boot camp is rewarding in other key respects. The curriculum is grounded in teamwork, giving participants a greater appreciation of how to build and manage teams in a business context. This team-based approach also fosters friendships among classmates who, as in a military boot camp, become battle buddies as they overcome the significant business and technical challenges they confront. The resulting camaraderie produces a very strong alumni support network that provides boot camp graduates with long-term opportunities for professional growth and advancement.The NYCDSA boot camp provided me with the precise set of skills I sought, allowing me to continue my career on a higher plane and enrich the value I provide to my clients in their pursuit of market share and increased profits. I am incredibly grateful and appreciative of the opportunities which NYCDSA’s boot camp has afforded me, both personally and professionally.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC DATA SCIENCE REVIEWOverall: 100% YES!!! I wholeheartedly recommend NYC Data Science Academy! If you want to switch into data science, the bootcamp will help you land your dream job. I got an internship offer shortly after the end of bootcamp(~2.5... Read More weeks) through the bootcamp’s hiring partner event, and recently became a full-time data scientist at the same company. All of this would not have been possible without the help of NYCDSA!Full ReviewWhen I was reading through bootcamp reviews, I personally thought it was more helpful to find people of similar background as mine and see how well they fared. For instance, knowing that people with only bachelors degree attended NYCDSA and got data scientist jobs helped to not only inspire me, but also to set realistic expectations on what type of jobs I could get and how long it could take. So here is a blurb about myself:TL-DR; - Bachelors degree In math and economics- &lt;1 yr of work experience- Limited exposure to R/SQL/Big Data tools prior to the bootcamp(Does using a select statement in SQL count?)- Prior experience coding in C and basic Python through an intro level computer science course in college. No exposure to data packages in Python. Prior to coming into the bootcamp, I asked myself: “Is the bootcamp worth the $16,000 investment?” Is it going to give me enough skills to find a job as a data scientist?”. If you read my introduction, the ultimate answer is an obvious YES! Below, I am listing the top 7 reasons why I think NYDSCA was a worth investment for me:1. Top-notch job assistance: From teaching how to craft your resume to preparing for technical interviews, Vivian and Chris did an excellent job at explaining what interviewing for data scientist positions was like. This “soft skill” portion was really important for me since I wasn’t accustomed to interviewing for technical roles.2. Connections of the bootcamp: As I mentioned earlier, I got my job through the bootcamp’s hiring partner event. Being able to take advantage of the wide network of employers definitely made “getting the foot in the door” much easier3. Learning both R and Python: I wanted to learn both as I knew it would help me cover my bases and be prepared for most data science-related jobs. 4. Transforming me into a confident coder: having learned coding through a class in college and a bit of self-learning, I knew I needed to improve my skills if I ever wanted to land a serious job as a data scientist. The pre-work material along with projects were really helpful in that sense5. Structured curriculum: There is a lot of thought put into the structure of each class. It was very nice to have all materials that I needed to learn organized for me so that my only worry was to learn. 6. Instructors: They deserve their own section as most staff have been teaching for quite a few cohorts. They are all very knowledgeable and approachable. Special shoutout to Zeyu for being an amazing TA and always offering helpful guidance through my projects!7. Projects: Each project covers an essential area of data science-data visualization, web scraping, machine learning - and I learned so much through them. The projects were also essential to build my data science portfolio and showcase my skillset to employers.If you made it all the way to the end, thank you reading this review! All in all, NYCDSA was great!! It worked perfectly for me as it gave me the skills (both technical and soft) I needed to land a data scientist job. BE PREPARED TO WORK HARD. Treat both the bootcamp and job hunting as a full-time job and you will be rewarded. :)Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the January-March 2017 boot camp of the New York Data Science Academy. It was the most densely packed and learning filled 3 month period of my life. NYCDSA has the right balance of theory and practise built into their curriculum. Projects were... Read More fun and challenging. Instructors and TA's with expertise in both coding and statistics were available round the clock. I personally asked for assistance on many topics and was more than satisfied with the help. Staff's knowledge about theory and real world applications blew my mind.Please be warned that this program is not for the faint of heart. You need requisite programming and stats knowledge to know what's going on. Even with the requisite experience, students consistently put 10-12 hours per day to stay on top of all the material. This is by design as it is a boot camp, not a vacation.The best part about NYCDSA for me was the chance to work with fellow students who are as passionate, knowledgeable and hardworking as I am. Highly recommended.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Honestly one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. Yes it’s a reasonably difficult course, but if you are truly interested in data science you enjoy every second of it. Like anything, you get out what you put in. If you’re ready to work as hard as you... Read More need to in order to master this wealth of knowledge in 12 weeks, this course is 100% for you.The instructors and TAs are excellent, all accomplished data scientists with a wealth of skill and knowledge. The resources, from slides to code examples and practice questions, are things I will continue to use throughout my career as a data scientist. There is ALWAYS more to learn in the field of data science.If you’re thinking about going because you simply want a pay raise, then don’t. The course is relatively difficult, and if you aren’t willing to put in the work to master everything you need to land a job, then you won’t get a job. Simple as that. However, if you are committed to becoming an expert data science, the job support here is immense. There are mock interviews, code interview practice questions, linkedin workshops, presentations from hiring companies, data scientists etc…I myself recently accepted a dream offer from a company I was connected with through the bootcamp. You likely won’t get a job immediately, it’ll take awhile and a lot of interview practice. If you haven’t mastered the skills you need to be a data scientist, then you don’t have the skills to pass through the interview process. But again, if you are committed there is no shortage of resources made available to you. If you do not succeed here, it is because you did not put as much effort into them as they did into you.Finally, an underrated part of the experience is the other students. Some of my best friends in the city I met through the bootcamp, and we still go out for drinks all the time. The course not only provides you with knowledge, but connections. It’s a room full of intelligent, driven and entrepreneurial people. You could expect nothing less.If you want to be a data scientist, and more importantly you have the drive to learn and succeed, you’ll thrive here. Simple as that.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I was enrolled in the NYC Data Science Academy full-time bootcamp during 1Q17. I found it a very good programme to enhance my computer science skills, particularly in the fields of EDA (exploratory data analysis), machine learning and web scrapping. In... Read More my case it was a very good way to upgrade my skill set and enhance my professional profile (originally finance field).Positives: - The program materials are very good (theory and exercises) allowing to properly study the syllabus and find the right balance between theory and practice.- The school staff is very close and dedicated to the cohort and always looking for feedback to improve the experience.- I am more a ""lone wolf"" type of person but I found useful to be forced to cooperate in one project with other team mates as it allows to have a experience close to what a real job in Data science will be. Things to bear in mind:- You need to have at least a good basic-to-intermediate level in coding. If you never have coded, you better spend 3-6 months preparing yourself using Python and R beginner courses since the programme can be an uphill struggle for those who lack of minimum programming skills. - This bootcamp is very focused on EDA (Exploratory Data Analysis) and Machine Learning. Although big data software like Hadoop or Spark is in the syllabus, it's basically an introduction since the program lasts only 3 months. If you are looking for a pure Big Data experience, this is not your program although it offers a good intro.- This is a non-stop bootcamp so prepare yourself to be fully-committed during the 3 months as you will have to attend lectures in the morning and deliver homework almost on a daily basis. Overall, I enjoyed my time at NYCDSA and think is probably the best bootcamp for professionals looking to upgrade and enhance their computer science skills specializing in Data Science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Data Analysis and Visualization course with Tony this summer. I find the curriculum to be solid, constructive and highly applicable to the kind of analysis I will be doing at work. I would suggest that students come in with a little coding... Read More background though, otherwise the class may be a bit too fast-paced. Tony is a great teacher - he is able to explain concepts as well as technical nuances at a very fundamental level. He clears up confusions well and makes coding less intimidating. I highly recommend Tony's class!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Data Analysis and Visualization class this summer with Tony Schultz. Tony is a very knowledgeable and amazing teacher. His classes are never boring. Moreover, we had an extra hour sessions to review our homework. In general, the class is designed... Read More the way it it accessible to everyone with any background which is a big plus. I strongly recommend taking this class to anyone who wants to learn Python the right way.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Tony Schultz is a passionate and approachable instructor that goes well beyond teaching general Python syntax. He moves efficiently and fluidly through the basics and then deeper into some more advanced topics including Numpy and Pandas. It is a content... Read More packed course in which he integrates his background in physics and statistics brilliantly and is able to showcase his strength of real-time problem solving. Tony went out of his way to setup additional sessions and make himself available for extra time as needed by the class. It was pleasure having him as an instructor and I would not hesitate to attend or recommend any of his future classes.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I took two classes with Tony Schultz for Intro to Python and Python for Data Analysis/Viz. This class is appropriate for people who would like to get a start on learning python. I came away knowing enough to do some scripting for my current job and to... Read More continue learning other aspects of the program on my own. Tony is very approachable, patient, and teaches the course that is very good if you are beginner. I just completed a weekend course that was each 4 hours long over 6 weeks. He was able to pack the dense syllabus into the allotted time slots without missing a beat.I recommend NYC Data Science Academy for those wanting to learn python but have a hard time picking it up independently.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Am writing this review for students coming into the program as to know what they are signing up for. Firstly dont get biased by the Data Science hype there are tons of people flooding into the space from all directions. Secondly do serious research to... Read More know if you really are going to be able to recover the money and time spent.Pros:-Good structured course content- You get to taste both R and PythonCons:- None of the teachers are experienced enough in Data Science field to be able to firstly give you in depth knowledge to be able to build the foundation in Data Science and nor can they give real time industry application knowledge. I heard there were good teachers but they left due to some conflict. Vivian and Aiko are the only teachers who have some knowledge but Vivian wont be teaching any of the class since she is busy with other stuff. - Being a recent graduate and going through interview its not easy to land a job and its not NYC data science fault they try their best to get companies to come to hiring partner event but none of the companies hire and if they do very few. I would encourage students planning to join to ask for stats who get jobs after completing bootcamp and you would be surprised it not more than 20%.- Reviews are biased so please do your research and ask all kinds of questions before you join.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I recently took the 5 week ""data analysis and visualization with python"" course with Dr Tony Schultz. The course starts with a quick review of main concepts in Python (data structures, functions, control flow, exceptions handling, etc) and then moves... Read More on to some more advanced topics such as classes, objects, inheritance, string operations, file handling and regular expressions. In week 3 and 4, Numpy and Pandas packages are explained in detail and finally the course concludes in week 5 with visualization packages matplotlib and seaborn. Tony is an amazing instructor. He re-wrote many of the materials used in this course to make sure all material are continuous and cohesive and easy to follow from beginning to the end. He is very approachable and easy to talk to (both in class and through email) and because he has used Python for many years to conduct his PhD thesis, has an excellent grasp of programming concepts in Python. I strongly recommend taking this course with Tony to anyone who wants to learn how to use Python to perform data analysis and create visualizations.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Well lets see, I basically went from the lowest rung on the ladder to a data scientist making 6 figures with multiple big name companies chasing me. In 20 weeks (4: pre work, 12: course, 4 job hunt) I went from someone who couldn't write 'Hello World'... Read More in python to a full blown Data Scientist, making six figures, with multiple companies vying for my interest. What you should know:You will get as much out of this course as you put in. I had many, many days where I was working well past midnight and back in class by 9:30am. You learn how to learn, which is THE skill required for any coding job. The curriculum is intensive, and a lot of times I couldn't totally complete the homework without checking for answers from my peers (and that's okay!). In the real world, much of your job will be interacting and working with a team. Course:Go every day, work hard, finish the projects on time, and hold yourself accountable. The lecturers do a great job, but ultimately when you're 24+ years old, nobody is going to spoon feed you. The homework is great, but when you try to put everything you've learned together into a well rounded project (there are 4-5 projects), that is when you really understand what is going on. Throw yourself full bore into the projects, and take pride in your work. 90% of what I learned, no exaggeration, was in the 3-5 days before projects were due. Its one thing to figure out homework by looking at the example sets, and a different thing entirely to apply those concepts to a data set with different structure and goals. If you are proud of your projects at the end, you will get a job. Period.Job Hunt:The job is the ultimate goal for 99% of people entering the camp. Unfortunately, there is some confusion about how the search will work. For one, you will not be ""given"" a job. For most people, the job search will take 1.5-3 months. Vivian has excellent contacts but she also has 40+ students. In order to guarantee yourself a job, you need to approach the process like a data science project. For me, I did ""easy apply""s on LinkedIn, 50 a day. These take literally 15 seconds each. I then selected 15 companies a day with a more formal interview process, and sent them a variation of a pre-written cover letter. For my top picks, I tried to find a hiring manager or data scientist on the team, and add them on LinkedIn. I put my name on AngelList, and got many companies reaching out. I humbled myself and told everyone I was more interested in a great learning position, not a great salary. I iteratively changed my own interview methods, including voice tone, inflections, negotiations, honesty levels, until I found a balance that worked for me. You cannot just apply and hope. That is not a method.Basically, the bootcamp is the first big step. The second big step is learning how to apply and interview. Many people send out 5-10 applications to their top picks (who are often everyone else's top picks as well) and then sit on their hands and wonder why they haven't gotten a job. When entering a new field, you have to make concessions about your salary and place of work, in order to reap the rewards down the line. Also, without multiple options, you will not be able to negotiate because you'll feel this is your only chance. BROADEN YOUR HORIZONS! Overall:The camp was the best decision I ever made. I read a book called Design Your Life, which basically said take how you want your life to be, then decide what is necessary to get it there.I wanted to live in NYC, with a six figure job, working in an office with low stress, and love what I do. NYCDSA made all of that possible. If you have gotten a degree that isn't taking you where you want to be, but you know you're smart and can work hard, I strongly urge you to apply to NYCDSA today.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I started working in the financial industry in 1998 and have had roles in IT spanning development and production support. I attended the NYC Data Science Academy bootcamp during a three month sabbatical from work and it was a worthwhile investment. I... Read More have gone back to work to a new and challenging role that allows me to apply my new found skills (such as data exploration, visualization, and analysis for decision making) as a production support manager for an ultra low latency and algorithmic trading platform at a top financial institution.What did it take for me to achieve success at the bootcamp?My three months at the academy was intense. I had a strong support system at home and at the school. My instructors and TAs were smart, caring and invested in my development every step of the way. Delivering on five different projects that stretch your knowledge of Data Science and Machine Learning fundamentals, Python and R programming, through daily classroom and homework practice was exhausting yet rewarding because you were not alone through the journey. As an early riser, the academy facilities were available to me starting at 7AM daily.My advice for a strong finish.I strongly advise that you complete the prep work provided by the academy by the time you start the bootcamp. The amount of work expected to be completed during the three-month journey is not an easy feat; however, the projects you are exposed to, the knowledge you gain and the practical experience you collect through individual and team projects is indispensable and can be quickly applied upon your return to work. Going into the bootcamp I felt uncomfortable thinking of myself as a potential Data Scientist. Leaving the bootcamp I am comfortable with the fundamentals of Data Science and the application of hypothesis testing to data problems. I am not a Data Science unicorn, hence, I rely on my new found strengths and maximize the talents within my team to investigate and find solutions to technical problems.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I studied mechanical engineering and physics for my undergrad at a top university and work in product management with a focus on search. I took this class to satisfy a personal interest in the subject matter and familiarize myself enough with the fundamentals... Read More of machine learning to be able to explore the field more deeply on my own. I was also motivated by a career interest: the subject matter is highly relevant to my domain, and I feel that developing an understanding of the concepts and how to deploy them myself will make me better at my job long-term. Prior to enrolling in the class, I spent roughly 8-10 hours learning R and felt sufficiently prepared (I had some previous programming experience).In the end I was extremely happy with this class (Machine Learning in R on Saturdays, 8 hrs at a time). The curriculum and content were excellent, the instructor, Luke, was fantastic and the assignments were challenging and informative. I felt the course did a really great job of driving home the core fundamentals of each subject with a focus on statistics, mathematical theory, derivations and best practices. We covered a LOT of material, yet the material had a lot of depth. I thought the sequencing of the subject matter was very well thought out as well. The class was demanding and had the caliber of a graduate-level course.The course also struck a very nice balance between theory and implementation. After learning about a new model, we would immediately implement it in class using R on our own machines. Luke did a particularly great job at relating the implementation back to the concepts and teaching us how to interpret outcomes of our analyses (I can’t stress enough how important this latter point was for me). He has a really strong grasp of the subject matter, he’s very patient and responsive to questions, offers a lot of insightful commentary on the theory, implementations and best practices, and he cares about his students a lot. The homework assignments complement the class nicely as well, helping to drive home the methods taught in class and how to interpret your work.If you’re interested in developing a strong understanding of the fundamentals of machine learning in a rigorous format, this class is for you. I also couldn’t recommend Luke as an instructor more. He’s awesome! I was also was very pleased with my choice of the R class. R reduces a lot of the friction in model implementation, which allowed me to focus on developing an understanding of the concepts and interpreting results.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"1.12 weeks' course with machine learning, spark, hadoop helped me solve almost technical interview questions. Also introduce several latest and popular topic, such as NLP, Deeplearning (CNN) and tensor flow. 2. This bootcamp faces people with different... Read More backgrounds, who can choose between ""how to use machine learning"" and ""how to implement the machine learning(more math). TAs helped a lot if you wanna learn more advanced level.3. Chris and Vivian helped prepare resume and the interview practice, and the hiring partner event was very helpful to present myself to the hiring managers directly. Great appreciate!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Took the weekend course for Machine Learning with R. Course was very helpful in helping me understand the basics of Machine Learning and different models. My instructor was Luke Lin. He was very helpful and would spend enough time covering each topic.... Read More He even took an additional class because he didn't want to rush through the material. Overall I am quite satisfied with the results. Would recommend Luke to anyone else who is interested to venture into Machine Learning field.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the DATA SCIENCE WITH PYTHON: DATA ANALYSIS AND VISUALIZATION (WEEKENDS), with Aiko Liu. It was a well-designed course that moved quickly through key concepts. While most of the examples are taught of the standard datasets, the concepts are easily... Read More transferable to your area of expertise/focus. I found the examples to be very helpful and the amount of ground covered impressive. Aiko was very responsive to my questions via email despite having a busy schedule. I have since transferred many of the skills learned in class to my job, streamlining many tasks in the process.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Overall: I will recommend this bootcamp to anyone who is eager to learn and have great passion towards data science. Before I attended the bootcamp, I received my master degree in marketing from school. I did not have a lot of math and coding background... Read More back then. With my passion towards data science, I decided to take a deep dive and applied for the NYCDSA’s 12 weeks bootcamp. Due to my limited coding background, they did not accept me at the beginning, instead, they provided one month prep course for me to get prepared for the bootcamp. I attended the September cohort after the prep course. It was one of the best decisions I have ever made. With the extensive knowledge and training, and great support in job assistance, I am able to land my dream job in 2 months after bootcamp. Curriculum: The curriculum is very well designed. I did a lot of research before I applied for this bootcamp. NYCDSA is the only program that covered data science in both R and python, big data processing tools such as Hadoop, Spark, and tensor flow at once. I am really glad that I started my journey in data science with them, so my foundation in data science is much stronger now than I was when taking online classes by myself before. The curriculum will also help you to develop a portfolio for job hunting, however, you are the one who decide how much effort you want to put in and how far you want to go. Instructors: The instructors and TAs are the best part of the bootcamp. You will never receive this kind of learning experience through online courses. They are all very knowledgeable in computer science, statistics, and machine learning. They are so passionate, and so willing to help each student. There were so many times that they stayed after 7pm, came in during weekends, answered slacks questions at 11pm to provide extra helps. They are far more than just instructors and TAs, but also supportive friends after I finished the program. Job assistance:I got hired by a major ad agency as a data scientist within two months of completing the bootcamp. The hiring team put the best effort to help their students. They hosted awesome hiring partners event, which the students got to make connections and talk to some great companies, such as IBM, citi bank, Mindshare, Publicis and so on. During my job hunting process, Vivian tried her best to provide any connections with the companies that I really wanted to get in. I also received a lot of helps and mentorship from Chris. The way he helped me to prepare for net-working and interviews are very strategic, systematic, and effective. I learned so much and I won’t get this far without him. You can learn all the hard skills anywhere else, but this kind of support and mentorship is hard to find even if you have a lot of money. They provide as many helps as they can, but you have to be proactive and eager to learn to take everything in!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the DATA SCIENCE WITH PYTHON: DATA ANALYSIS AND VISUALIZATION (WEEKENDS), with Aiko Liu. Aiko is an excellent teacher, who taught methodically and progressively. The course was extremely well designed, and elevated my skilset by building my understanding... Read More step by step in a structured fashion. I would highly recommend the instructor and the class if you want to truly develop a solid foundation to build your skills on.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I graduated from a USNEWS top 10 university, was admitted by several top 5 PhD programs. During my free time, I took this institution's boot camp to boost my empirical research skills. To be honest, I was amazed by the excellence of this boot camp. The... Read More coursework is carefully designed and perfectly delivered in a highly effective fashion. The faculty here actually care about their students and are always there to help, no matter whether it's a question on the courses or on career development. Also, Vivian personally designed a significant part of the lectures, and the content's logical flow is so clear that it makes me think it's a great pleasure to read them. In addition, the program provides great help on job/intern placement. I got a hedge fund internship opportunity in two weeks because Vivian helped me connected to a fund run by several top 5 PhD's. I would say this is a great program and it allows you to learn A LOT, and I would recommend this program to everyone looking to gain more data skills.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Preface:I attended the July cohort and was then a Data Science in Residence at the NYCDSA prior to accepting an offer for a Data Scientist role at a consulting firm based in NYC. I will do my best in this review to be as straightforward about my experience... Read More and address a lot of questions I had prior to the program and have understood a lot of incoming students to have had through prepping them for the program. My Overall Opinion:Lets start with this: get over your hesitation, take a leap of faith, and you surely will not regret your decision to attend the NYC Data Science Academy 12 Week Bootcamp. Whatever reservations you have, you are not alone; almost all graduates have felt that prior to attending the program. You may be wondering about if this program will really teach me the necessary skills to get a job, am I prepared enough for this, will the program be rigorous enough, and most pivotally; is this the right decision for me? I cannot speak for you, but I can attest to my own experience and I graduated this program with no regrets, soak in a waterfall of new knowledge and skills, and have walked away a smarter, more capable, more confident professional now employed Data Scientist in field. The program is amazing, and the instructors are passionate, and you will learn a lot, but that also being said, you get as much as you put in and the first step is trusting in yourself to join and commit to the three rigorous and insightful months ahead of you. My Background:Prior to attending NYCDSA, I was a software engineer at a large shipping company for almost 2 years focusing primarily on front end development. Before that I attending another bootcamp called Hack Reactor, similar to NYCDSA, to study software engineering and javascript. It was growing interest in machine learning, the success of my experience at Hack Reactor and the thirst for that similar immersive and intensive program that led to me to the NYC Data Science Academy. In another life, I graduated from NYU with a degree in Music Business.Common Questions:Do you need a masters or a background in a quantitative field?The answer is no. No, you do not need a masters degree or professional experience in a quantitative field. During my cohort, I thought some of the best and most creative presentations and chosen topics by students were from some that had no prior coding or heavy math experience. That being said, coming in with a math or software engineering background will definitely allow you to vamp up your projects flashiness and you may have an easier time understanding some of the formulas associated with the advanced machine learning algorithms. Will I get a job from this program? What are the job stats? etc.. Although I can't attest to job stats, I received my first offer less than 6 weeks after the program ended. I met the firm at the Career Day at the end of the program. Vivian, the CEO of NYCDSA, is the job placement tsar and wizard and without her and her relationships with so many great firms there would not be as many companies at the career day as there are: Spotify, JP Morgan Chase, MindShare, etc.. Vivian will do every in her power to connect you with your dream job. That being said, getting an offer is entirely on you. You must have great visual and complex projects, you must interview well, and you must be actively job seeking and cultivating relationships on your own. Vivian and the team will do everything they can to prepare you and connect you with your dream job, but you need to show up with the bus fair to ride the bus. I cannot stress this enough. How does this compare to other bootcamps?I am actually in a unique position to answer this question. A few years prior to graduating NYCDSA, I graduated Hack Reactor, which is a similar 12 week bootcamp, but for software engineering. Prior to that I took web development course at General Assembly, Coursera Machine Learning specialization, Harvard Extension School’s Intro to Data Science class to name a few. Needless to say, I’m hungry for knowledge and a challenge. I can’t speak to the other Data Science bootcamps out there like Metis or Galvanize, but I can say that there is nothing like 3 months of learning something at a such a rapid pace. The sum of its parts is greater than the whole and you can spend years learning on your own secondary to whatever else you are doing or you can jump in the deep end. I did before with Hack Reactor and walked away amazed and the same held true for NYCDSA. Inside Tips:Pick good project topics. Your projects will be portfolio to potential employers and if your project outshines the other students, employers will take notice. Pick good project team mates. I didn't have a poor experience with anyone I worked with, but it goes without saying that if you pick bright, easy to work with project partners, you'll be able to build a better end product.If you don’t know how to code in R or Python and have no prior experience code - Learn now. Codeschool.com is an excellent introductory resource. DO NOT think you will have a social life. This is only 3 months of your life, but 3 very important months, so give it your all and don't expect to get as much out of it if you don't.Comments to the Academy: Scaling the program, will require more job assistance personnel. Increasing the amount of coding done in the program may be beneficial as most jobs now require coding every day and are rarely purely theoreticallyMore time spent on data processing toolsAdditional content on computer vision. More TAs and one of one knowledge quizzes (like done as a group at the end of the course)Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I was searching for a good Data Science bootcamp program online to further my career until I found this one. Since I'm working, I can only take the online bootcamp.The program is really high standard. What I mean is the contents are really very in-depth.... Read More They don't just teach you how to 'write code', they also teach you the algorithm behind those code. Also the exercises are no joke. It was fun learning form those videos. And a better thing of doing online bootcamp is that you can pause, search some supplement material and keep going. And you can always go back if you feel you need to review.You will need to complete 5 projects to graduate. And those projects are actually hard and you can definitely add it into you resume.Overall, I think it's very worthy of your time and money. It's like you really need to finish a 4 year grade in 3 months.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"*MY BACKGROUND:I had a Business Analytics background before joining NYCDSA, with a knowledge of programming and data science/machine learning. Though I knew how to make graphs and build models with R and Python, and knew some concepts learned from the... Read More online course on EDX and Coursera, this bootcamp was still truly helpful for me.My goal was to explore more deeply the big data techniques including Hadoop and Spark and get a chance to review data science and machine learning stuff in a systemic way. This bootcamp gave me almost everything I desired, with so many unexpected benefits.It was seriously life-changing for me. I achieved something that would otherwise never be possible had I just stuck with online courses. Read on for more detail.*COURSES:All the courses were well-designed. They covered everything I needed in my data science journey. Some might wonder why I chose to spend money on this bootcamp to learn something that seems available online. The reason for me was that I feel my time is quite valuable. For me, the efficiency really matters. Rather than spending an hour searching for the right function or parameter and ending up being confused, I wanted to have professionals help me going through the relevant resources systemically. I also found that when confused by problems after the fact, I would open the slides, code, and my repo for that topic instead of having to jump online and wade through Stack Overflow. What’s more, the curriculum covered topics such as Unix, Bash, Git and version control, which seem necessary for a data scientist/programmer but which I never paid attention to when I was teaching myself.*INSTRUCTORS AND TEAM:They are so great. Everyone is kind and willing to help you and share their experience and approach with you. In my humble opinion, there is a huge difference between teaching yourself programming or machine learning and learning with instructors and advice. Especially when you are putting things into practice. I saved tons of time. The NYC Data team is really curious and love to try new techniques with the students. They are a caring bunch, and it was great to become friends with the people who participated in and ran the program.*JOB PLACEMENT:I got hired by Aetna as a data science analyst within three months of completing the Bootcamp.The job search is intense but Vivian and the hiring team were always there trying their best to help us. There is a room set aside for graduates to work in when on the job hunt, which made for easy access to staff. During the Bootcamp, we had several courses about how to sell yourself which was especially important for people who are new to the U.S. job market. From teaching you how to impress your interviewer to helping research relevant details about a target company, the hiring team was very dedicated to providing the necessary support to help me succeed. Also, Vivian seemed to have a contact at almost every company I wanted to apply to, which was a real plus.I’m glad I made the decision to do this, it was worth it for me.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I recommend this bootcamp to anyone who wants to enter the Data Science field. Before this bootcamp I was a process engineer for a large international steel company. With the rate of growth in the technology industry, I knew it was time to transition... Read More to a new career, and I could have not chosen a better place to do so than NYC Data Science Academy.Instructors:The Instructors were amazing. Chris is extremely knowledgable in statistics, and his passion for teaching really shines through. With every lecture, he not only shows mastery of the material but also the best way to teach complex materials to a class of non-programmers.Luke goes above and beyond to describe the theory behind the algorithms. His work ethic is shown through the countless hours he has stayed to review lessons with students and belief in continuous improvement.The TAs (Shu, Zeyu) were immense help, and had very good knowledge of big data applications (Hadoop ecosystem, front end work, SQL database design, etc.)Curriculum:The bootcamp offers a good basis for understanding prediction models and when to use which types of algorithms. There just isn't enough time to cover all aspects of statistics and the many branches of prediction models. Both R and Python are taught here, which allows for great flexibility. While this bootcamp is rigorous, self discipline is required to fully delve into algorithms and build impressive products for your portfolio (natural language processing, image recognition, recommendation engines, etc.; these advanced topics are covered very briefly but are enough for you to take the reins and explore). All in all I believe the bootcamp set me on the right foot into the industry.Job Assistance:While there is some assistance, the majority of the legwork work is still on the student to be duly diligent - sending out applications, getting interviews, networking and working their way up towards their dream job. There is no easy formula for this, and you MUST continue learning (Algorithms, data architecture, and more advanced ML topics etc. ; network to find out what people in your ideal companies expect you to know) and reviewing material even after the bootcamp to prepare for interviews.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took Data Science with R: Data Analysis and Visualization with Derek in Fall 2016 and I would like to share my experience with the course. Although I will try to stay objective, my observations may be biased as I established and maintained a positive... Read More relationship with the instructor throughout the course. Also, as tempting as it is to discuss extraneous details, I will refrain out of civility.This course is designed to provide a comprehensive introduction to R and it delivered. From the syllabus that articulates clearly defined learning outcomes to interactive exercises that check for understanding, the course followed a predefined timeline and I walked away with a sense of how I can continue my education in data science. Although students came from various backgrounds, the instructor continuously tried to find the middle ground to provide as much personalized learning as he can.Likewise. Derek is a working data scientist who uses R on a daily basis. As a result, he shares plenty of relevant examples to contextualize various approaches and explain why certain measures are in place. In addition to brute memorization, which is an inevitable part of learning computer science, he tries his best to help you understand the logic and make you think and approach problems like a computer scientist.To balance the scale, I will comment on areas for improvement. I felt that the course did not have an appropriate adaptive learning measure in place. The teaching material was rather outdated and I sensed that it had not been evolving in proportion to time. However, the instructor was experienced enough to fill the gap. In addition, there seemed to be a disconnect between the instructor and the institution. Throughout the course, there were a number of instances where the instructor was not aware of In conclusion, I sincerely enjoyed Derek's class and I suggest considering this class if you are trying to start the first chapter of your journey in R.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Attending the NYC Data Science Academy 12-week Data Science Bootcamp was one of the best decisions I have made. It was instructive and rewarding. It provided a speedy career transition and enabled me to get a job within two months of graduation as a Machine... Read More Learning Data Engineer at Capital One. I will summarize my background and describe my experience at the bootcamp and why I recommend it highly.I have a PhD in materials science, which is a blend of math, chemistry and physics. I had programmed models and simulations in Matlab, but have no formal computer science education. I switched to management consulting after the PhD to apply my analytical skills in the business world and quickly realized there is a great need for data analysis at companies. After taking the complete Data Science Specialization on Coursera, I knew I wanted to switch to data science and found the NYCDSA bootcamp to be the most comprehensive, teaching R, Python, and Big Data technologies.I recommend this bootcamp for three reasons: quality of teachers and materials, structure, and networking, both at the bootcamp and in job placement.It takes a lot of knowledge, experience, and hard work to distill complicated and complex topics and communicate them in a simple and understandable way. The materials presented in this bootcamp were presented that way. When I can understand statistical concepts which I had tried to understand for a long time in a matter of minutes, it means the quality of teaching and materials are excellent. During the job search, I also realized that the correct balance between breadth and depth had been selected to give us a very solid foundation on which to start a job in data science. The teachers were exceptional. Their passion and dedication to the students were visible from day one. This was shown again and again in how hard they worked to constantly improve and expand lecture materials to how much support they gave to each individual’s success outside of class. Having them as teachers was an honor.The structure of the bootcamp allowed an incredible amount of materials to be covered in a short amount of time. Particularly, it used both R and Python for statistical concepts and machine learning. In addition, we learned about many other tools in extra sessions designed to round out our knowledge. Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Hive, and Spark were covered toward the end of the bootcamp. Spark was asked for often in interviews, and familiarity with it was helpful. Having five projects under your belt is exactly what you need when interviewing. I always had an example I could use to answer questions. The value of this is not to be underestimated.Lastly, the opportunity to network was incredible. You are beginning your data science career having forged strong bonds with 35 other incredibly intelligent and inspiring people who go to work at great companies. The value of those friendships and the ability to create a strong network at the beginning of your data science career will become evident a couple years down the road.I was fortunate enough to meet and give a presentation to managers at Spotify, at Meetups, and get connected to many hiring partners. Vivian, the founder, is a strong proponent and has an incredible network. She seemed to have a contact at almost every company I wanted to apply to. Her one-on-one evaluation of interview performance with me was very helpful. She and the rest of the staff are very dedicated to each student’s success, being clear in their purpose that this experience will change both you and your family’s lives for the better. Their hearts are in it and their dedication is clear.If you are considering this bootcamp to get more into data science, it is exactly the accelerator you need to get your career in this field off the ground. I cannot recommend it enough.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I would recommend this program to people who are interested in starting or enhancing a career in or related to data science. The program covers a wide range of topics and the school constantly add new materials so students can learn the tools that have... Read More high industry demand. I just started working as a data scientist and engineers at my company are learning these new tools as well. I highly recommend the chief instructor, Chris, at this bootcamp. He is a talented teacher. Those who have prior experience taking a machine learning or a statistics class would understand that it is not easy to have a good instructor. I took statistics and machine learning classes at university, but Chris surprised me with better ways of understanding statistical concepts and advanced algorithms.Everyone enters this bootcamp with high expectation in education and career assistance, but you are the only one who can choose to get the best out of it. The TAs and instructors are very helpful when you have questions and they provide guidance to the right tools and methods. I suggest anyone who comes to this bootcamp to be prepared to work hard and learn a lot of new things in a short period of time. A final suggestion to those who are interested in becoming a data scientist. The most important thing that I learned from this bootcamp is modesty. Modesty is critical because as a data scientist, you never want to assume results. Also, data science is developing field and requires continuous learning even after the program. I would recommend this bootcamp to anyone who is ready to join the exciting world of data science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This 12-week data science bootcamp is great. The faculties have created an excellent curriculum to help you get in touch with almost everything you need to be a data scientist/engineer. Sure they did not cover every relevant theory, but remember this... Read More is only a 3-month bootcamp, which is designed to give you a ""jump start,"" not a full-time college degree.Besides the curriculum, most of the faculties are brilliant and always willing to help. Also, more importantly, you will make friends with people from many different backgrounds, which in my opinion is even more valuable than the course itself.Regarding the career development, Vivian and her team have made a great effort to help us to reach out to hiring managers and arrange internal referrals. However, unlike most of my fellows in the cohort, I have a pure business background (bachelor in accounting &amp; master in analytics). Therefore even though I have been studying DS and programming through online courses for about one and half years before joining this bootcamp, I still ended up taking a Data Analyst position instead of continuing my job hunting for the Data Scientist jobs.At the end of the day, the cold fact is that most of the ""real"" data scientist positions require years of academic training and domain knowledge. The skills you have learned here at NYCDSA is definitely enough to grant you for an entry-level analytics position. However, if your target is the sexy DS title with six-digit salary, then unless you have a STEM Ph.D. or advanced degree in Computer Science / Statistics, this bootcamp will just be the start of a long journey.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"My background consists of undergraduate degrees in Math, Finance and a Masters in Financial Engineering. I found this 12-week intensive bootcamp to be extrememly valuable. Due to my academic background I was already familiar with some more technical concepts,... Read More but what NYC Data Science Academy did was to provide practical, hands on training in Python and R as they pertained to Data Analysis and Machine Learning. Following my time at NYC Data Science, I had intensive interviews for Data Science - focused roles in the finance community and I felt very well prepared. The staff is knowledgeable and routinely go above and beyond the contractual teaching time in order to ensure that each student receives the most instruction for their money.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I completed the Data Science bootcamp during the Spring of 2016. I enjoyed the Data Science bootcamp very much. It was a great experience overall. My background is PH.D in Physics and I has more than ten years research experience as research scientist.... Read More I am probably the most senior person in the class.The course is very intensive and comprehensive. It covers most machine learning(ML) and data science skills: ML in R and Python, website scraping, data visualization, big data with Spark and AWS. It is great to learn both R and Python there. As I know, most boot camps don’t offer R. The school teaches a lot of stuff. It can be little overwhelming at the beginning. Everything I learned there is useful and helpful in my work. Just mention a few small things: Git, Mongodb, web scraping, AWS. I used all these skills in my work from day one. There are enough TAs there and they are consistently available to offer help on homework, projects and software. I used windows system, the installation of some software is not straight forward. Their great supports saved me lot of time in that way, and I can have focused on my projects and homework. The instructors there are excellent too. They come from different background: statics, physics, and EE. Since the students come from different background, it is challenge for the lectures to deliver complicated pictures in clear way for most students. They can present the material in a clear and logical sequence, explain complicated things in a simple way. I believed they did great job. NYC Data Science Academy have a lot connection from local companies and this can add great values for the job seeking. I live in west coast and still got continuous supports. I worked at a start-up right after the bootcamp and then went to another company a few months later.Data Science is largely different from other science. It requires many skill sets and focuses on application much more than pure science. NYC Data Science Academy offer great opportunities for people who are seeking new career in data science in a quick way: learn the fundamental skills of data scientist in the real world in 12 weeks. I fell fully supported and encouraged from day one to the final job hunting.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I have a Ph.D. in computer science, and I worked in tech industry for nearly two years. One thing I learned was that, great companies come and go, rise and fall, shine and fade. History repeats itself. However, no one can and shall beat the trend, since... Read More nothing is immortal. With a strong belief that machine learning is the key to the ultimate Artificial General Intelligence (AGI), I decided to embrace emerging trend and immerse myself in the field of data science, the field in which a critical piece is machine learning. In joining the NYC Data Science Academy, my motivation was simple: refresh my eyesight, build the intuitions, solidify my understanding, and meet with talented people.It was a fantastic and rewarding journey with my fellow data scientists at the bootcamp. I will mainly concentrate on three aspects here: the curriculum, the instructors, and the like-minded peers. By no means they are complete, but hopefully they are useful for some people.Firstly, the curriculum is comprehensive and well-tailored to balance both the breadth and depth of the data science field. Although each year there are perhaps hundreds of new machine learning algorithms devised in academic world, the essential ones are no more than ten and still widely applied in industry (see here for full list: http://www.datasciencecentral.com/profiles/blogs/top-10-machine-learning-algorithms). Almost all of them, including their nuances, nuts and bolts, pros and cons, were covered in the curriculum and explained well by instructors who really know them.Secondly, the team is very efficient and professional. The instructors are technically proficient, articulate, and beyond my expectations. The lecture materials were self-contained, and covered related points that a data scientist should know. Especially, I was truly impressed by Luke’s passion in preparing useful materials and zestfully articulating his topics (such as sklearn framework, pandas, EM algorithms, or math, etc), by Zeyu’s professionalism and dedication in helping cohort to fix head-scratching problems and made their life easier, and by Shu’s enthusiasm in designing high-quality materials (sorting, hadoop, spark, etc) to broaden cohort’s skills. Besides, statistics was once a somewhat mysterious subject in my knowledge sphere. For a long time, I wanted to step my feet into its door to systematically cover it but I never managed to. I believe that if people want to explain something very easily without pain, they have to understand it deeply from beneath the bottom. It was Chris who unfolded the foundations of statistics and distilled many useful gists in my head within very short period of timespan. And he truly knew his subject inside out. I gained the gists, built the statistical intuition, and I am now more comfortable than ever before on this subject. Thirdly, most importantly to me, the feeling of spending three months with a group of talented people is simply awesome. There is a saying that, “if you are in a room and you are the smartest one, then you are in the wrong room” (https://www.quora.com/Who-can-this-quote-be-attributed-to-If-youre-the-smartest-person-in-the-room-youre-in-the-wrong-room). There were many smart people in that cohort so I was sure I was in the right room. I felt that sharing the joy of enlightenment (when somebody/team achieved high scores in Kaggle leaderboard) or sadness of frustration (when somebody’s code did not work no matter what) with other talented minds was unique and unforgettable experience. Besides, through brainstorming with like-minded, new insights were sparked and new ideas were transferred. Eventually those ideas were distilled into my projects and morphed into my sixth sense of mental muscles. I felt that I was fortunate to be amongst a group of great fellows: there was no bullshitting, no day dreaming, and people were nice and nobody wanted to waste time. They all knew what they were after and worked extremely hard. I am sure I will miss them from time to time.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This course was a masterpiece. Derek Darves the instructor, quickly brought us to competency with the R programming language. Then he expanded the course by introducing the packages used for analysis and visualization, progressing through introductory... Read More use to somewhat elegant and sophisticated programming challenges. Ultimately Derek brought us to a self-sufficiency level for continuing our R education. The course was a pleasure as Derek is clearly an R expert and aficionado weaving many practical tips and historical insights into the lectures. His programming experience, statistical insights and extensions of the course materials gave it a graduate level feel, while never ignoring the fundamental skills being taught. I highly recommend it.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"In October, I signed up for the 12 week bootcamp which starts in January. They recommended I take this course (free of charge) in preparation for the bootcamp to prepare myself in the language (I'm already comfortable in Python).I'm giving this course... Read More 5 stars because, for the format, I think they did a perfect job. The instructor, Derek Darves, was definitely qualified and a nice guy in general. They gave the tools to learn the basics of data analysis, manipulation and visualization. That's all you can expect from a program like this. You have to do the learning yourself.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Great course to get started with R programming. Convenient location in the city, nice classroom mates with very different backgrounds, and an amazing instructor, Derek has an impressive deep knowledge of R and he is a very talented and dynamic teacher... Read MoreTotally recommended to gain beginner understanding of this languageRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"This was a great class that I truly enjoyed attending every Saturday for 5 weeks. The class had a pretty steep learning curve but the slides and the homeworks did a good job of teaching the material. Our instructor, Derek, was an R guru and could answer... Read More any question with aplomb. I definitely plan to continue learning R and I can attribute my enthusiasm to having taken this class. It helps to have some outside knowledge of R before taking the class, but you will still get a lot out of it if you know at least one other language (I knew SQL but not R).Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Great course! The slides were clear and the content was very useful. Plenty of opportunities to practice and work in groups. Derek was a great instructor, allowing plenty of time of questions and making the course very interactive. He was also always... Read More available to answer questions in between classes and help us with work related projects as well. I have learned a lot and would definitely recommend this course.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended NYCDSA 5-week course (5 full-time days, one per week) in 4Q16 as part of my preparation to start the same school bootcamp. This was a great introductory start to learn R due to the comprehensive syllabus and dedicated teacher effort. About... Read More the syllabus, you will learn Base R syntax and principal data structures identification and manipulation plus a bunch of other packages (e.g. DPLYR) that will make your life easier when treating data sets. The instructor was a Sr. Data Scientist that really gave us two sides: theoretical and hands-on day-to-day professional experience views. This was very helpful. I found that there're lots of courses out there but most of the times taught by recently-graduated teachers that haven't applied a lot of the syllabus to real-life professional situations. This for me was a plus. The only soft point of the course was that I would have liked to go more deeper into web scrapping, yet it's true this course name is 'data analysis and visualization in R' and not 'Web scrapping using R'. One advice only for prospect students: block your agendas during five weeks since you will need lots of time to review the materials and deliver on exercises, which after all makes you feel good because you feel you have learnt a lot. Highly recommended.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I would highly recommend the NYC Data Science Academy bootcamp. I have been an IT Executive for many years and wanted to supplant and round out my experience with skills in data science and machine learning, as it is my belief that these are one of the... Read More most critical technologies of our times. While I did try lot of the online courses, the academy brought a more organized, regimented, and immersive track that allowed me to not only learn and absorb the materials quickly, but also engage in real world projects and applications that would elegantly blend theory and practice.The quality of both the instructors and course materials is high. It has been an amazing learning experience for me and definitely worth the investment that helped me get to my next stage of career growth. Regardless if you are trying to supplant your post-graduate degree, thinking of doing a career switch to data science, or wanting to supplant your skills, the bootcamp offers that opportunity to push yourself to reach your maximum potential.That said, this bootcamp requires that you bring your A-game into the arena. This is not an easy course to take, and for good reasons. The bootcamp will stretch you to surpass what you think your limitations are and push you to be at your best at all times. This requires 100% commitment from your part. Anything less will not be good enough. If you fully commit yourself, you will emerge from this course with a renewed sense of passion in this exciting field. If there is one regret, it would be that I should have done this bootcamp sooner.The job opportunities for data science and machine learning specialists are just amazing. Since getting the certification (even before then), the contacts and network I have made in the data science community have accelerated at a rapid pace. The reachout from recruiters have also increased significantly. The demand for data scientists continues to climb. In hindsight, it was a great decision for me to have made the jump to go through the bootcamp, as I am now working on numeorus opportunities that allow me be more creative and innovative.The academy is managed and run by an amazing team of people who have helped me through the many months of learning and growth. They have been such a strong support system for me as I take the next journey through my career as a Data Scientist. The academy has also opened my eyes to so many wonderful experiences and allowed me to validate the opportunities and potential of this exciting field I am in. I have learned so much and the real skills I have acquired will be of tremendous value as I embark on pursuing my passions.As the saying goes... ""Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway."" I pursued mine and living it, now it's up to you to pursue yours.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I was an experienced academic professional with one-year experience in the oil-gas industry. After I joined the oil industry with a big oil company, the oil price started to go down till now. This caught me out of guard. As I expected, I was laid off... Read More at the end of 2015 . By checking with other programs, I realize NYC DATA SCIENCE ACADEMY will provide the necessary tools and the big pictures about the emergent field of data science. The instructors and TAs from the school are from diverse backgrounds including statisticians, physicists, mathematicians, and computer scientists. They make Ph.D. students feel comfortable to ask more technical and fundamental questions without feeling being discouraged. They also let you be responsible for choosing your own projects to enhance your practice in data science in general. If you are a person who is very solid in any programming languages in the past, this is the place for you to learn the fundamentals of machine learning and statistics. In the end, you can put these skills together to be confident to attack data science problems in general. You will have a very strong foundation to jumpstart your new career in data science. The program is very intense and I was constantly trying to catch up with the learning, homework, and projects. There is no time to think about negatives. This was also good once you find a new job you can handle the pace from the new job better. I strongly recommend particularly the students with excellent postdoctoral experience to make a career transition to join this program. Consider this as an investment for your career. (The tuition potentially can be offset by signing bonus from your future employers).Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I had great experience with this bootcamp. Intense program, nice course contents, comprehensive training on coding,machine learning, presentation, writing. During and after the program, I still keep having help on polishing resume and mocking interview.... Read MoreRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The decision to enroll in this Bootcamp was one of the best decisions I’ve ever made. I had high expectations coming in to the program, mostly due to the reviews I’ve read, yet the 12 weeks I spent at the academy exceeded those expectations. The coursework... Read More is difficult enough to challenge those with a PhD, while the instructor’s and TA’s help out to the extent that even those with a Bachelor’s will find it manageable.The program covers a wide array of topics, combining theory and application to give you a well rounded understanding of the material. Students are encouraged to learn by doing, and home-works are given out 2-3 times a week, with deadlines not always easy to meet. But given how much the instructors offer to help, students usually always find a way.The whole team goes above and beyond to help out not only with teaching you data science, but also with things like interview readiness, job-placement, and helping you build a great portfolio. About a three weeks after the bootcamp ended, I was offered a position as data scientist at Barclays. Vivian got me the interview, and helped with every step of the interview process. You are surrounded with like-minded people for 12 weeks, forming great friendships learning from each other. You are tutored and lectured by industry professionals who go out of their way to make sure you understand the material. You are exposed to cutting edge softwares, advanced machine learning algorithms, and industry best practices. You are helped with building a portfolio, creating a great resume and how to pitch your work to employers.I’m truly happy I did this program, and so will you.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I completed the Data Science bootcamp during the Fall of 2015 and immediately was hired as a Data Scientist the following January. During the NYCDSA bootcamp, I converted my skill set from a traditional statistician/analyst to a data scientist. This bootcamp... Read More elevated my ability to apply a variety of advanced machine learning algorithms using codes like Python or R. Today, I continue to use the skills that I had developed during this bootcamp. In my opinion, this bootcamp was successful for me for three reasons:Course Content: The course content covered coding in SQL, python and R during my time at the bootcamp. As a data scientist, ability to code in this basic languages is critical to developing and testing statistical hypotheses and machine learning concepts. All machine learning examples had supporting Python and R code to facilitate students' application of these algorithms. This bootcamp covered application of Spark during the last few weeks of the course. Knowing Spark capabilities was particularly helpful in my current position as a data scientist.The bootcamp covered traditional statistical concepts such as hypothesis testing, linear regression and logistic regression as well as advanced machine learning algorithms such as K-Means clustering and Neural Networks. The bootcamp strategically provided theoretically background for these concepts in conjunction with worked out examples in R and Python. Knowing how to apply all of these algorithms helps me to rapidly move through proof-of-concepts in my current day-to-day.Instructors: During my cohort, the bootcamp instructors were incredibly dedicated to helping the students succeed. Instructors were consistently available to answer coding questions on-site in person or off site via slack or email. I was always satisfied that the instructors were able to answer my coding and ML questions rapidly and completely.Job Search: The bootcamp helped me find several job interviews towards the end of the bootcamp. It was clear that the NYCDSA had access to an increasing network of employers looking to hire data scientists. During the interview process, I had felt that the bootcamp prepared me to answer all of the data science interview questions during each interview.It has been over a year since I first enrolled in the NYCDSA bootcamp and I continue experience the benefits of the bootcamp in my day-to-day job as a data scientist. I strongly recommend this bootcamp to anyone looking to make a career transition into the data science field.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The 12 week bootcamp at NYC Data Science Academy combines everything a budding data scientist needs while finding a balance between depth and bredth. Coming from a background in strategy consulting I appreciated the intense nature of the schedule with... Read More tight turnarounds and explicit deadlines for coursework and project submission. You'll be given the chance not only to learn from some of the best instructors with phenomenal backgrounds and real world experience, but also to showcase your own skills and ideas through 5 data science projects where you get to form hypotheses on data sets of interest to you and make meaningful conclusions.Though the pace is relentless, the program is very managable given the dedication of the instructors to see you succeed. You'll form great relationships not only with the staff but with other gifted students as well as you all learn together about this exciting field.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The NYC Data Science Academy's 12-week Bootcamp provided an unparalleled experience - from the high quality of the instruction material to the dedicated teachers and staff, I gained both a strong personal and professional network and greater exposure... Read More to the world of data science. The return on my investment was substantial, as I've successfully received five competitive job offers in a variety of industries (1 in finance, 2 in marketing, 2 in health) within just a few months of graduating. Most importantly, learning in the immersive environment quickly accelerated my technical know-how. I became adept at R, Python in addition to structured thinking, open-ended problem solving, and most importantly, communicating my ideas and work across to a wider audience. Additionally, preparing for the five project presentations and homework assignments with like-minded peers in my cohort also positively influenced my experience. Sharing ideas, knowledge and experiences with my classmates, and TAs - encouraged me to creatively explore every approach when faced with a challenging problem or in-class lab. I am grateful for my time at the NYC Data Science Academy. I highly recommend enrolling if you're undecided - it's an awesome place to prepare for a new career in data science and machine learning.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am writing to strongly recommend NYC Data Science Academy to anyone who is looking for opportunities as a data scientist. As a recent graduate student of the 6th data science bootcamp of NYC Data science Academy, I was immediately able to find an internship... Read More in an hedge fund as a quantitative trading analyst 2 weeks after I graduate from the bootcamp and currently actively seeking full time job under the guidance of Vivian, the founder of NYC Data Science Academy. Before attending the bootcamp, I graduated from Courant Institute of Mathematical Sciences, New York University with a master of science degree in Applied Math. I have always been in love with math and attracted by the beauty of proofs and theorems. However, I did not know how to make a use of my quantitative background into real life. By an occasional chance, NYC Data Science Academy came to my attention. I found out that they offer a highly immersive Data Science program involving data strategy and hands on expertise on machine learning, big data, advanced statistics and analytics. Students are able to solid R and Python development skills, various model ensembiling and stacking strategies and gain knowledge including but not limited to Unix, SQL, Hadoop, Spark etc. Soon after I contacted the academy, I got an chance to talk with Vivian and immediately feel that it is the right place for me. My intuition proved to be right after I attended the bootcamp because I not only strengthened my knowledge and learnt tons of new skills but also get to know many talented people from various background and developed strong network connection with them. The training contents are well-designed and students are required to complete 5 projects in the progress which comprehensively exhibits one's skills from visualization, web interactive app to machine learning and big data. To better assist the students with their job hunting process, the instructors and staffs in the NYC Data Science Academy worked very hard to organize a fantastic career fair and invited more than 30 companies and recruiters including JP Morgan, BAM, Google, FaceBook and Spotify. Students were able to show their accomplishment to the data scientists in the company directly and make connection with them. It was such a wonderful and unforgettable journey with my fellow data scientists.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I moved to United State in October 2015. I wanted to do a career transition and applied to NYC Data Science Academy 12-week Full-Time Data Science program after some searching over the web.I come from a Mechatronics Engineering background, with 2+ years... Read More as a Business and Sales Consultant and an MBA in general business management. At the beginning I was a little bit afraid about the programming side because the only programming experience I had is a course in my Bachelor's about C++ and two simple projects throughout that course. Also mathematically speaking during my bachelor's I only took linear algebra and differential equations, not that much statistics and programming before entering the bootcamp.The curriculum was mostly includes programming with SQL, R and Python and also learning to implement machine learning algorithms in R and Python. It is structured so well that eventhough you have a little experience with programming before, they start teaching it from basic level and build up nicely so that you do not get lost. The instructors are incredibly helpful during your learning process, homeworks and projects. The lectures are fun with modern learning tools.They are known well in the industry. So when you apply to jobs the people will know the quality of NYC Data Science Academy and it will not be difficult for you to get interviews. They will also make it easier for you to meet with many hiring partners. My overall experience with NYC Data Science Academy was wonderful and I can easily say that it was the best investment that I did for myself. The most important thing to consider before applying is you should be ready to invest an intense 3-months. And also you should be ready to work hard as a student again.If you are thinking about enhancing your career to a new level and enter to the fantastic world of Data Science, I strongly recommend NYC Data Science Academy.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The NYC Data Science Academy's 12-week bootcamp is an intense, well-thought out and comprehensive program that accelerates one's immersion into the world of data science. Having worked in IT infrastructure consulting for 8 years at one of the Big Four,... Read More I wanted to shift career orientation and focus more on data science, elements of which had begun to interest me over the course of several client projects.	Comments on the program: • Strong teaching staff who is clearly passionate about teaching data science as evidenced by the late evenings and weekend support • Focus on concepts and skills that are actually relevant to the marketplace • Broad and dense curriculum (R, Python, machine learning, Hadoop, Spark, MongoDB, etc) to maximize learning in a limited timeframe • Flexibility and nimbleness of the program to adapt to feedback from alumni, employers and the market to maintain the relevancy of every topic taught • Good mix of lectures, homework and projects • Helpful job prep activities such as interview coding simulations (and others that I won't spoil) • Eclectic mix of students (though this may vary by cohort) that allowed us to learn from each other's diverse backgrounds and areas of expertise, and develop deep personal friendships and professional relationships • Opportunity, if selected, to present projects at Data Science Meetups which offers networking opportunities as well as practice of presentation skills	Suggestions for improvement: • As data science is a dynamic and evolving field, keep up with the latest advances such as improvements in R packages and update the curriculum accordingly • Give harsher constructive feedback to students when required • More transparency on student evaluations overall and for Meetup project selections as well	Recommendations for aspiring students: • Be committed: the bootcamp is demanding but that is by design. It's an investment; you get out what you put in. Don't show up late, don't ignore the homework. If you do, it's your loss • Don't fall behind: there's a lot of work and learning a very rapid pace, not to mention homework almost daily • Be proactive: reach out to the TAs or the instructors for feedback (not just help), read up on machine learning outside of the bootcamp, talk to your classmates on how to collaborate • Manage your time: you will have to juggle many responsibilities and will most likely feel overwhelmed in general. That is also a skill you will need in the professional world • Learn to be autonomous: don't run to the TAs or the teachers for help as your first recourse. Google, StackOverflow and other resources most likely already ahve the answer you are looking for. Only when you have made a decent attempt at figuring out the problem should you ask for help. After the bootcamp, that safety net will no longer be there so it's best to practice early	Overall, very positive experience. I can't speak to the job placement assistance as I returned to my original firm, but regardless, I'll maintain the great relationships built with the Academy.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy (NYCDSA) provided the platform to pursue my dream career.  The curriculum is well thought out, with detailed notes, hands-on projects, and great hiring partners. NYCDSA gave me the tools to become a data scientist, and the exposure... Read More to land the job.  Truly one of the best investments I have ever made!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"NYC Data Science Academy's 12-week data science bootcamp was a life-changing experience. It was an intensive 3 months but definitely helped me transition from healthcare to data science.Comparing against other bootcamps, I decided to go with NYCDSA for... Read More its thoughtfully planned schedule. From the large volume of content to the scheduling of each day, it had what I needed to succeed. Each day consisted of lectures with really useful slides and concluded with time for homework and projects in the afternoons. The allocated time in the afternoons gave us time to digest what we learned and the homework assignments reinforced the new knowledge.Coming from a background in biomedical engineering and biological sciences, I was used to being told everything I had to know. The bootcamp gives a lot of information with its detailed lectures but also challenges students to find their own answers. For example, a homework assignment had a problem mentioning a function that was not mentioned in lecture. We had to research it and learn how to use the function before we could do the problem. This taught me how to be resourceful and find answers on my own instead of relying on someone to tell me everything. Because data science is a growing field, you cannot expect to learn everything in a short period of time but should know how to find solutions on your own.Being challenged to learn may sound intimidating but it really isn't when you're surrounded by supportive peers and staff. The staff are extremely hardworking and friendly. They stay late, sometimes even until 11pm and they love what they do so they won't be grumpy or annoyed at you. They also come in on the weekends and will help with homework assignments and projects if you require it. They are excellent resources who are passionate about data science and motivate you to always do better.Even after graduating from the bootcamp, I still feel like family around them. The instructors and staff do not forget you and continue to help with your job search. Vivian actively connects you with resources and posts jobs students may be a fit for. She also holds coding review sessions so that we are better prepared for interviews.Advice: Try to familiarize yourself with the suggested R and Python readings before you begin the bootcamp so that you can spend less time trying to understand concepts and more time on the data science parts.I have no negative memories of the bootcamp besides the late nights spent on projects but you get as much as you put into the program. Overall, the bootcamp does a good job preparing you for a career in data science as long as you work hard for it. Your peers will be your friends and consultants for your data science problems. I would join another cohort at NYCDSA if I could!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I finished the 12-week data science bootcamp yesterday. I have a BA with honors in Math, an MA in Applied Math, and an MS in Civil Engineering. I have 8 years of work experience in both the private and public sectors. I committed to this program to help... Read More me transition to becoming a data scientist. I had minimal professional programming or statistics experience when I applied.I bought a new computer and studied statistics, R, and Python for over a month before my first day in the bootcamp.I worked more intensely and consistently at the bootcamp than I've worked on anything over a 3-month period, either in school or in a job.The staff are maybe the bootcamp's finest feature. The instructors are technically proficient, patient, and articulate. Somehow, I didn't feel intimidated, more inspired. In three months, every time I requested support, I was supported.The office has a simple aesthetic and is well-equipped and well-maintained. It is often crowded, but overall a space where I felt focused and could work.I gave the curriculum 4/5 stars. I found the material fascinating. There were many times when I simply didn't keep up. There is a lot of material. Read that sentence again. The curriculum moves so quickly that it often felt like a day-tour of Europe.I found my classmates highly-educated, focused, and committed. I forged some excellent working and social relationships.Overall, I recommend this bootcamp under the following conditions:1. You will commit yourself to this program for 3 months. For these 3 months, this is what you will do during the day and in the evening, weekdays and weekends.2. With whatever time you have before the bootcamp, you will study statistics, R, and Python.3. You accept early on that sometimes it will be acutely stressful and overwhelming.Having completed the bootcamp, I see the value in Vivian's approach: by working at capacity among such skilled staff and focused students, my skills and knowledge developed quickly. Overall, this bootcamp worked well for me and I'm glad I did it.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
This course really gave me the foundation for understanding R and applying it to real world data. Studying programming syntax can be challenging and Vivian really encouraged me to complete the final presentation. I am so glad I did!! I now have the confidence... Read More to work in R and use in the workplace. Thank you NYC Data Science Academy!! See you again soon.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"This is a very conprehensive course covering R data analysis and visualization techniques. I can't remeber everything I learned in this class, but whenever I encountered data project in my work and study, I always went back to check the slides, examples... Read More and libraries provided by this course. Vivian is a very passionate instructor and an excellent data scientists. She offers many hands-on example in class, not just reading and showing slides. She is very serious about the course and push students in a ""hard"" way. She encouraged all of us to try, I can't get lazy because of her.In general, this is a very postive experience. Just squeeze some time in the weekend, you will be amazed how much you can learn within 1-2 months.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Beginner R course, which was not that great reflecting back on it. In whatever class you take, the teachers make most of the difference, and in my case, we were not taught well. In the end, I cannot even remember if I have absorbed anything... Read More at all except for doing basic statistics in R. We were told that Vivian, the founder, would visit, but she never visited. While doing self-study on free R online courses such as EdX, I discovered that the materials we received in this course was similar to what I found in these free online courses about R. In the end, we presented our projects, but all of our projects were half-baked, because we did not absorb enough knowledge about R to prepare and present. Although my project was really using the bare basics of R, such as statistics, Vivian said that I did a great job and that I should sign up for the R Intermediate course. She kept on pressuring me to join, and I later realized that this academy was really focused on making money off the data science buzz rather than really teaching students about how to master data science.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Python Data Analysis and Visualization class with Liz, she was a great teacher, very information and professional. Although it is a part time class, she still treats as if it is a college course. She gave us quiz and homework to keep you motivated... Read More and help you with your understanding. I enjoyed that course and it is a great introduction to my Python career.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took both the intro to data analytics and the machine learning course, both using R. Both the instructors Luke and Shu went out of there to answer emails and help me get a better understanding of the field. I'm new to data science and computer science... Read More and after the course, I felt very comfortable using R and discussing machine learning and data science with other individuals.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I chose NYCDSA over similar bootcamps because they seemed to have largest breadth of content and also seemed to be the most challenging, and I believe they delivered in both those aspects. You will learn a lot, and you will be challenged, even if you... Read More come into the bootcamp with some experience in data science.The lectures themselves are very engaging, and the instructors are very knowledgeable. The course content (slides, lecture code, homework, etc) are not only excellent for learning the material, but I think they will also be valuable references going forward.I feel the bootcamp has prepared me well for my job search. I had several interviews set up before the bootcamp had ended, and my first offer a few weeks after that. I'm confident that if I want to interview with more companies that NYCDSA can help to make this happen.  Employers are interested in the projects I've done with the bootcamp, so I can get their attention, and the course material has trained me in the areas they are likely to test me on during interviews.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I chose NYCDSA over similar bootcamps because they seemed to have largest breadth of content and also seemed to be the most challenging, and I believe they delivered in both those aspects. You will learn a lot, and you will be challenged, even if you... Read More come into the bootcamp with some experience in data science.The lectures themselves are very engaging, and the instructors are very knowledgeable. The course content (slides, lecture code, homework, etc) are not only excellent for learning the material, but I think they will also be valuable references going forward.I feel the bootcamp has prepared me well for my job search. I had several interviews set up before the bootcamp had ended, and my first offer a few weeks after that. I'm confident that if I want to interview with more companies that NYCDSA can help to make this happen.  Employers are interested in the projects I've done with the bootcamp, so I can get their attention, and the course material has trained me in the areas they are likely to test me on during interviews.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"My time at the Nyc Data Science Academy was some of the best three months I've ever spent. This is an intense bootcamp but it the instructors are absolutely amazing and push you to excel. Christopher (the main statistics and R instructor) is one of the... Read More best people I've ever met and you are guaranteed to be inspired by him. The TA's are some of the most hard-working people you will ever meet and are always available to help (most days until 11pm - not sure if they even go home!). All my peers in the cohort were positively affected by their experience and you should attend without hesitation if you're accepted! Vivian, the academy founder, is personally vested in helping her students find jobs and she is extremely well connected and caring. We are fortunate to be on the cusp of this new and exciting field and have the opportunity to attend such a bootcamp.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"The program offers a very good course for building foundational data science skills. It is very evident how motivated the faculty and instructors are in helping their students achieve their initial career goals in data science. The curriculum covers topics... Read More and subject matter that is considered mandatory for any entry-mid level data scientist and the program does a good job preparing students for data science oriented interviews. Data Science is a large field that cannot fully be appreciated in 12 weeks. However, the NYCDSA does a great job designing both the breadth and depth of their curriculum, which they are always improving and expanding. Overall, I had a very successful experience and had multiple interviews both during and after the program, which eventually led me to my present dream data scientist job. Overall Pros- Talented and very bright staff and instructors.- Very good network with NYC companies- Growing company- Available staff at all (or most) times- NYC Location - Homework is reasonable, challenging, and yet fun- Curriculum covers many basics that are important for data science interviews. Overall Cons- Growing pains, which should be expected for any growing startup in a hectic and driven environment such as NYC. - Hiring network is fairly limited to the east coast (from when I attended), however last time I checked they are making successful efforts in branching out to other regions.My Advice:The program is a goldmine of learning potential for any student who is willing to put in the hours both inside and outside of the classroom. In order to yield the most benefits from the program, students should be flexible and nimble. Data science is a constantly growing and changing field, thus the curriculum must also constantly change. Furthermore, constantly engage with the instructors and TA's. The curriculum goes at a face pace and it is their (the faculty) mission to ensure that all students maximize their learning. From my personal experience, 40% of what I learned came from the lectures while the other 60% of what I learned came through working on projects and problems after class with my peers and TA's. Conclusion:I would highly recommend this program to any person who is willing to be proactive in their learning and motivated to take advantage of all what the NYCDSA has to offer.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the inaugural bootcamp in from Jan 2015 to May 2015 and loved it. I came into the program with a programming (java, matlab) and math background and some data analysis experience and was quickly met with tons of new material and challeneges.... Read More I loved the fast pace, yet detailed lectures. They provide a thorough introduction to R and Python followed by lectures on machine learning, statistics, and other data science technologies. The best part of bootcamp is working on projects of your own design under the guidance and expertise of the lecturers. Everything I learned and created directly helped me get a great internship and later a great job. I would recommend this botcamp to anyone looking to fully immerse themselves in the field of data science in order to better themselves or land a interesting jobRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the inaugural bootcamp in from Jan 2015 to May 2015 and loved it. I came into the program with a programming (java, matlab) and math background and some data analysis experience and was quickly met with tons of new material and challeneges.... Read More I loved the fast pace, yet detailed lectures. They provide a thorough introduction to R and Python followed by lectures on machine learning, statistics, and other data science technologies. The best part of bootcamp is working on projects of your own design under the guidance and expertise of the lecturers. Everything I learned and created directly helped me get a great internship and later a great job. I would recommend this botcamp to anyone looking to fully immerse themselves in the field of data science in order to better themselves or land a interesting jobRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended 2015 Summer Data Science Boot Camp with NYC Data Science Academy. It was a positive experience and I would recommend it to anyone who doesn't have data science background and wants to step in this area. Especially if you are in the middle of... Read More job searching, and have great motivation and determination to learn. The advantage of being in a full-time boot camp is that the immersive learning makes time go faster without you realizing it. You can easily spent a whole day focusing on one data problem without any distraction. Just note that this bootcamp is for people who wants to learn basics and fundamentals, not for who wants to be a machine learning expert!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Before I enrolled in the Data Science Academy's 12-week data science program, I had spent nearly a year exploring data science with almost nothing to show for it. Coursera, books, Kaggle, you name it. A bit discouraged and overwhelmed, I began the data... Read More science program with high hopes for strong teachers, a great community, and a rigorous crash course on all things data science.I got all that and more. Proof: I recently began a new job, and was able to hit the ground running on literally every front the company threw at me. Statistics and algorithms? Check. R programming? NYCDSA took us through almost all the packages my new company uses regularly. Python? Same deal as R. Infrastructure, AWS, distributed computing, visualizations, SQL? All check. And the NYCDSA enabled all of this - brilliant, helpful professors, well-designed homeworks / lectures, and great connections to the real data science world.Make no mistake - you'll be working unbelievably hard. Dozens of homeworks, ~5 projects, tons of slides and material to learn. But that's what you want, right? If you're serious about boosting your career, NYCDSA is the perfect place for you.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took the Machine Learning with Python class to get a fast and quick intro on how to code machine learning algorithms in python. Our instructor, Shu, was very good and accommodated fully the needs of the class. He knows both the theory and the coding... Read More parts. I think the course strikes a good balance between over-viewing techniques and offering hands on specific knowledge so that youcan go away and code on your own after the class is done. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to get started as quickly as possible with Machine Learning in Python.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the Big Data with Hadoop and Spark course, hosted and led by NYC Data Science Academy. My objective was two-fold: first, to gain a deeper and practical understanding on emerging 'Big Data' technologies, more so than what academic publications... Read More or industry white papers currently provide; and, second, to familiarize myself with the skill set and experience to expect from the new generation statisticians, or Data Scientists. With a background in Business Intelligence, Architecture, Risk Management and Governance on Wall Street, I find that foundational skills remain the same: mathematics and statistics. However, with the commoditizing of data storage and massively parallel computing, Data Scientist today are capable of solving problems reserved for an exclusive few in decades past. The course did not cover configuration of the Hadoop environment, but thanks to the engaging and knowledgeable instructor, clues on challenges and potential pitfalls were generously shared. I highly recommend this course not only to professionals or recent graduates looking to hone data analysis skills, but to anyone with an interest or stake in Big Data.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I had an interest in data science but was making slow progress learning it on my own. This program gave me a strong foundation to build my future growth upon. It covered all the statistics necessary to apply statistically learning methods appropriately.... Read More It taught the most commonly used machine learning methods across industries. These methods were covered in both R and Python. Seeing the material in both languages was great, it gave you two chances to be exposed to each topic. All of the material was presented with clear lecture slides that will continue to be a resource. Each topic was also presented with sample code and exercises to explore the material in a hands on fashion. We also had the chance to work on real world data science projects that applied the material covered, with the assistance of our teachers and TAs. The bootcamp hosts a monthly Meetup that gave us a chance to present our work publicly. We had weekly speakers who were leaders in their respective fields come and speak to the class about different facets of data science. In some instances these speakers also had projects we could work on if we were interested in their field. The bootcamp went to great lengths to get us access to hiring partners, actually bring data science managers/HR managers to us. To be successful in this program you need to work as hard as they work for you. It wasn't uncommon to work with instructors late into the night or on weekends. This has been a great experience and I would recommend it to anyone who is serious about becoming a data scientistRead Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the data-science bootcamp offered in NYC and had a great experience! I learned a lot on every aspects of data-science and machine learning:the theorythe toolscodingand a lot of practice through homeworks, in-class labs and projectsIt is very... Read More intensive, you will work ~12h+/day and on weekends, but you will leave the bootcamp with so much knowledge, coding experience, practice, 5 projects added to your linked-in/resume, 5 blog posts, a github account to be proud of and even, if you want to, a participation in a Kaggle competition.The team is amazing. Vivian will do everything she can to improve your experience and has a huuuuge network:This week, for example, she organized drinks with 20+ companies who came to meet with us (ranging from Guggenheim Investments, Two sigma, Goldman to Medivo, Draft Kings, About.com and many startups too). Last week, she got Spotify to bring in 3 speakers who then individually interviewed 15 people the rest of the afternoon!Janet, also will be in charge of continuously improving the program. That girl does not need to sleep. There were nights were I would leave at 11pm+ and she would still be there. A few weekends/sundays, I came to the bootcamp to work on projects with team-mates and she was there. She is incredible and really dedicated. She organises ""Therapy sessions"" every Friday to make sure we address and confront every problem we have encountered during the week which is really useful.The instructors are friendly, professional and knowledgeable. Every class has slides and code. I saved everything. What a resource this is! I have all the theory and code right there on my computer, no more looking on google's 20th page of results to find something somewhat relevant, or reading un-understable wiki pages about all this machine learning. Here, the way we learn is:theory briefely (no proofs) but complete.focus on the different parameters, what they do, how they affect the model etc...then code and actually show how to use all thisthen homework to let us try to replicate what we just learnedthen projects to make sure it sinks in!rather than everything you will typically find on-line which is: theory and then more theory.If this was not enough, on top of all the team and instructors, you'll have access to TAs too! They are very nice, smart and competent... and especially they are veeeeery... patient with us and our questions!Additionally, you have projects that you have to present to the class. So you get valuable practice both in presenting and also in collaborating with peers that no amount of sitting behind your screen can bring! Everything is recorded and edited by a pro. All the classes and your presentations too!Finally, they will regularly bring presenters to teach us about their projects, the real-world problems they face at work etc... Our class mentor (yes we also have a mentor/sponsor) is also amazing and very helpful.And lastly, (I promise that's the last comment!) they will bring professionals in to help you optimze your resume, your linked-in etc... and prepare you for interviews etc...Overall I am really happy with the program and glad they covered both Python AND R. I know some bootcamps do not teach R and the reality is that most companies use R and R is must. I am very grateful to everyone involved and working so hard to make this bootcamp a true success.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I am really enjoying taking the NYC Data Science Academy data science bootcamp remotely. I find their online classroom and materials very effective for learning the fundamentals of data science. The videos are very informative and the material well communicated... Read More and taught by the lecturer. The accompanying slides are clearly written and mostly self contained and you can learn a lot, just by reading them. The course is a nice blend of theory and practical programming experience using R and Python and other tools.The learning process is aided by doing and submitting the homeworks for the lecture materials, as well as completing project assignments.I interact frequently with the TA assigned to me. We often have Google hangout sessions where he helps set up my environment on my laptop like Git, R and Python. We also review my project assignments through Google hangouts where he provides valuable feedback and suggestions. The TA is very helpful, competent and knowledgable.I would definitely recommend the online version of this bootcamp.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took Machine Learning with Python and Data Analysis with Python in the Spring. I found both course useful and informative. The courses have given me a comprehensive and yet in-depth introduction into Machine Learning and Python. And these skills turn... Read More out to be invaluable at work. Most importantly, Vivian is an excellent instructor. She is immensely helpful and supportive which makes the learning process quite enjoyable. Definitely recommend NYC Data Science Academy!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"Vivian came to our company and taught us five one-day sessions in R from entry level to intermediate level. I had no experience in R before. But I have learnt a lot from Vivian and from the resources she provided, both from online and from the books.... Read More The homework and the office hour are also very helpful. After the classes, I have started to use R in my job from very basic stuff to more advanced data manipulation and analysis. Vivian is very knowledgeable in R and a warm person to work with. Thank you, Vivian.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I took Machine Learning with R and Hadoop data engineering classes in 2015. They are all well-structured classes with extensive information coverage and concrete learning process design. All the techniques been told in the class are very practical and... Read More can be applied to work very fast. In addition, it is also a great opportunity to build your ""data science"" fellow network because all your classmates are ""Pro"" in this domain with a lot of wonderful industry experiences to share. I would definitely recommend NYC Data Science Academy to my friend!Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
Data Science Bootcamp was the best experience in my career. Instructors were not only helpful in teaching the regular materials but also guide you to establish your confidence in yourself to be a Data Scientist. They will help you even after completing... Read More your bootcamp. Nice and honest environment.Read Less,nyc-data-science-academy
"I took both Data Analysis and Machine Learning with Python with Vivian.I highly recommend these classes to anyone who wants to take their analytics skills beyond Excel, pivot tables, and averages and into more advanced predictive modeling methods. Luckily,... Read More a lot of the work has already been done for us by the developers who created pandas, matplotlib, statsmodels, and scikit-learn. I didn't know anything about these tools prior to taking this class. Vivian makes machine learning easy. At work I can now stand on the shoulders of Python's giants. Pretty cool. Extremely useful.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
"I attended the Data Science Bootcamp in summer 2015. It was a very enriching, useful and enjoyable experience. It offered plenty of important things that one couldn't hope to find by taking online courses or reading textbooks. The instructors possessed... Read More valuable knowledge and perspectives in the data science industry, and were able to share them with the students through various activities (e.g. lectures, invited talks, meetups, company visits, individual counseling, etc.). Also, students had a lot of opportunities to interact with established data scientists, as well as collaborate with other aspiring ones on real-world projects.Read Less",nyc-data-science-academy
