"Review","school"
"I completed Springboard in November 2020 and was very dissatisfied with the service. The material is a compilation of online resources and found myself constantly looking for additional resources to supplement my the material being taught. Having a mentor... Read More was the main selling point but our calls just seemed to be a formality without any real substance. Finishing the course, I do not feel confident in any of the skills ""learned"". Save your money and time and look elsewhere.Read Less",springboard
"I wanted to change career and industry for several years and I chose Springboard's Data Science Career Track to do so while I had just been laid off “thanks to” the Covid-19 and oil crises. Great timing for a career change, I know...I studied the Data... Read More Science curriculum, the Career curriculum, followed the great advice given by my Springboard Career Coach and my Springboard Mentor. I did everything Springboard told me to do to become a successfull, skilled Data Scientist with a great professional network and high visibility. The results of all of that is I was hired as a Data Scientist on week 13 of the program in a certified ""Great Place To Work!"" international company, which leads its industry in the US.Pros:- 100% online curriculum with great resources and lectures from Harvard, Stanford...etc... All interactions with advisors, mentors, coaches are online and on a flexible schedule.- You'll get enrolled in DataCamp and have access to extra practice/project work to master your skills (Python, SQL, Pyspark, Github...). I love DataCamp and will remain a member.- You'll have access to LinkedIn learning, Medium, Towards Data Science.- Weekly presentations (career sessions, business hour Q&amp;A, guest presentation)- Weekly meetings with your assigned mentor. You can schedule additional sessions if needed.- You can select your own career coach from a long list of Springboard career coaches (their background and skills are diverse which makes the coaching experience invaluable). I personally chose one career coach and followed up with him throughout the program.- You'll get to work on a lot of projects (40ish), 3 capstone projects to apply what you've learned and your work will be reviewed by TAs who have a great sense of humor.- Springboard conference (Rise!) and seminars (wellness, career...) during which you can interact with fellow students, alumni, employers...- Because the program is online and always accessible you can do it in 6 months as planned or in 4 to 5 months. I am now on week 16 with 84% completed. It is really up to you.Cons: There are no cons as far as I am concerned however you need to know that the program requires drive and self-discipline because there is a lot to do and so little time... You'll get help and tips from your student advisor, the career services, your career coach, your mentor, the TAs, and even from other students. The bottom line is that you need to stay on task and have the time to work on your projects.The program is worth more than you pay for. There is a steep learning curve but it remains fun all the way and it works! If you are afraid of not 'being good enough', start with the Data Science Career Preparation which will give you a taste of the level of statistics and Python coding you need. It is only 4 week-long, about $500 which will be credited towards your Data Science Career Track tuition upon successfull completion.Read Less",springboard
"Just finished the Springboard Data Analytics boot camp and would strongly recommend it to anyone who is looking to learn data analytics and pursue a career. Overall, I thought the Springboard curriculum was well curated and I feel very prepared to begin... Read More a career in data analytics. The course gave me strong skills in Excel, SQL, Tableau, Python and more. As I was finishing my final project, I was really pleased with how much I could already do in Python and SQL and feel more than prepared to contributed to a company with my data analytics skills. There were a few projects and subunits that were confusing or hard to follow, but the Springboard team is great at soliciting feedback and improving its curriculum based on that feedback. Even during my time in the course, there was a curriculum update that addressed many of my concerns. Overall, a great course.Read Less",springboard
"During my time at Springboard, I was very impressed with the comprehensiveness of the curriculum and the amount of information that is covered. But by far the best part of this bootcamp was the support. The mentors, career coaches, teacher assistants,... Read More and slack community made all the difference. I spent a lot of time looking through all the software engineering bootcamps, and this one is definitely the best one I found for the price.Read Less",springboard
I really enjoyed the 1:1 mentor support and the on demand mentor support. It really helped me get unstuck every-time. The course content is good to give a foundation for the concepts of Data Analysis. But I really wish there was more career support.,springboard
"I didn't know what pandas was when I started the Data Science Career Track program, and now I feel mostly confident while applying to jobs.Because I have not experience in data science, I'll probably work up from a data analytics role.Biggest Pro: Excellent... Read More Mentorship. My mentor was competent, kind, and genuinely wants to help people achieve their goals.Biggest Con: Didn't communicate I need to be practicing on websites like HackerRank or LeetCode. I wish they had recommended it from the start. For beginners, I suggest Edabit.com.Read Less",springboard
"After being laid off from my market analyst job in April, I decided to enroll in Springboard's UI/ UX Design Track to educate myself on the world of UX methodologies. The curriculum was intensive and very informative, and my 1:1 sessions with my mentor,... Read More and later my career coach, were exceptional. I landed a full-time UX Researcher role within a month of completing my certificate! I highly recommend the UX programs at Springboard as your foot in the door to the industry, and their career facilities are exceptional.Read Less",springboard
"I just finished the course last month and start job hunting for two weeks. I did not have any tech background and I was searching for all the available options for in-person and online DS bootcamps in NYC. After careful comparison and considering the... Read More situation of pandemic, I chose Springboard and it has been a rewarding journey. There are several aspects I like about the experience: 1. the course material is well-selected and covers all the basics for a junior data scientist. 2. My mentor has been very helpful through the whole process and I think it is a good training for me to find the best questions to ask and communicate in the limited time. 3. Springboard tries to support me with all kind of tech support(code review, weekly Q&amp;A meetings) to make up for the difficulty of online learning. 4. Springboard offers job guarantee and the career coach is the best I ever had and Springboard is trying hard to prepare the students with job market from day 1. There are things to consider as well: I was doing it full-time and it took me 8 months to finish. If you are very busy schedule with your life and have no coding experience before like me, it needs a lot of efforts to stay on track. Also, you have to be able to learn independently because there are no TAs around you all the time. Overall, I like the Springboard community and I believe they are doing a great job in preparing their students for the future jobs.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is a lot of hands on learning which is fantastic! You get weekly mentor calls, so much support, and a really great environment for learning. The only thing I wish could be changed is that you could work with other designers. You do have an... Read More online community, however, I wish we could have had teams. Also I do warn new students when it comes to your IDP, your internship, be specific on what you would like to work on. Overall I loved my time at Springboard and I would highly recommend it to anyone.Read Less",springboard
I had over 10 years of experience in fashion design (hold BFA fashion design degree) and decide to switch my career as a UX designer. I am glad that I ended up move forward with springboard (after shopping 3 different bootcamp companies). 1. 1:1 mentor... Read More program was excellence. I like that I had mentor who was already in the industry and designated mentor from the beginning to end so they guide you for your needs. 2. 100% online at your pace. Worked very well during the covid and I like that you can go on your own speed so you don't have to meet with others pace. 3. Job guaranteed program. I don't have to worry about the tuition cost right away and the fact that there is many career coaches with different experiences and background really helped me to grow and learn so much more than what I learned from college. I highly recommend springboard if you are interested to become a UX designer. I know you can become UX designer as self taught but I am glad that I went with the bootcamp because I also learned other than ux skills through the course such as real time ux / product designer coaching and career advices and so on. Plus I gained good network through springboard as well.Read Less,springboard
"The course is structured for the intro level student. The practical applications are great and specific to real world issues. This saves a lot of time compared to other programs which offer intro level courses, but focus more on background and theories... Read More which will more than likely not be utilized. This covered python and its popular tools, matplotlib, numpy and pandas.There is an overall course project for completion. It was challenging and helped to solidify the lessons. I do wish there would be an option for additional projects.Read Less",springboard
"I choose to do Springboard after reviewing a few other bootcamps because of the friendly tuition and flexible work schedule. PROS: I loved my mentor. She was really encouraging and boost my confidence. She also helped me a lot through the course and gave... Read More me interview advice. Also, Springboard has a great slack community with other students enrolled. This was great to connect with people and help on our assignments. The 3-4 projects are well structured I think and gives a good way to start learning and create work. CONS: I would say Springboard emphasize more on the research. The design aspect will take longer to learn but that is normal if you didn't come from a design background. The course had a great structure but I didn't like the fact that those resources they provided I could find them online for free. You are basically paying for the mentor mostly.Read Less",springboard
"Pros:Springboard has done a great job of creating a support system to help you learn and grow as a designer. You have the mentors, your own mentor that you meet with weekly, as well as unlimited mentors that you can book a call with (although availability... Read More can be scarce) once a day. You have a handful of career coaches to help you with anything career-related. Then lastly, they’ve built an active Slack community where students support each other with testing/feedback and so on. What can be improved:What I did like about General Assembly’s program is that the students in the design and engineering tracks collaborate on a project together. I think it’s actually pretty important for designers to get that exposure because during the course the students are designing in a vacuum and that’s almost never the case.Read Less",springboard
"I completed the UI/UX career track, and I will say Springboard really exceeded my expectations. They made sure to set us up for the real world by providing career help. I would say the thing that mostly helped me complete this course successfully was... Read More the mentor calls.Read Less",springboard
I had a great experience with Springboard! My mentor and career coach were awesome. I received a great deal of support in my online learning journey. I feel confident my new skillset has increased my earning potential. I'm excited to start my new career... Read More as a data analyst!Read Less,springboard
"The curriculum was way denser than I expected, with A LOT of articles to read and I think it needs to be curated more, because a lot of them say the same thing in a different form. I did the course full-time, as I was unemployed, and finished it in 5... Read More months; it basically occupied my whole time, including the week-ends.Especially in the beginning of the course, it was pretty hard to follow because there was a lot to read and very little practical stuff - but it got much better as the course progressed and more practical assignments came up. The 1:1 mentor calls were priceless, with the assigned mentor as well as the additional mentor calls. The IDP (Industry Design Project) wasn't the best match (I was asked about my preferences but it all depends on the available projects, and people assumed that I'd be ok with doing something related to my old career, which wasn't the case at all), but with the help of my mentor I managed to turn it into a good portfolio piece. The career services were excellent, throughout the course and also after it was finished (6 months of career services are included after the end of the curriculum). I got a job offer in 2 months after completing the course (after a month of more actively applying), which I accepted. And yes, it was through networking. So overall it was well worth it and I would highly recommend it.Read Less",springboard
Pros- Good material to learn.- Worked on personal projects that helps me for any interview. I have a story to tell in each interview thanks to the projects I worked on.- Mentors with deep knowledge in the subject.- There is a big support to the students... Read More to reach out the goal of completing the course.Cons- It would be ideal to have occasions where we can discuss with the mentors more than once per week. - It would be good to have all the feedback in a timely manner for each call since this would allow to finish the projects even sooner.Read Less,springboard
"I completed the UX Career Track, and while I went into the process feeling a bit apprehensive about bootcamps, Springboard exceeded my expectations. Not only does Springboard prepare students for the ways of design thinking and applying that to the UX... Read More process, but they prepare you well for real-world design experience and job placement. The mentorship was top-notch and, for me, the biggest value of the course.Read Less",springboard
"I was looking for a professional course on Data Science to make my career transition and I found Springboard. I must say this bootcamp is one of the best thing happened to me in this pandemic. Whole curriculum is designed very systematically. Though Data... Read More Science is a very vast domain but this course covers almost all topics, right start from basic python, statistics, machine learning model , SQL ,Pyspark etc. There were many exercises given after every topic so that one can practically implement those concepts. Additionally, more than 30 mini projects and two capstone projects imprints every data science concept in your mind.Career coaches helped me in all possible way to improve my visibility to recruiters. There were four Mock interviews at the end of the course which helped me to prepare for the actual interviews. Springboard Community channel and Weekly office hours were very informative. Last but not the least, MENTOR ! He was the backbone of this course. I was lucky that I got a great mentor. He was there with me at each and every stage of this course whether it was about exercises, mini projects, final project or any other difficulties in curriculum. He always helped and motivated me to do best in the course. Even after writing this much about the course, I am sure that I have missed many things. So in my opinion if your looking for a good professional Data science course you must consider the Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"I did the Data Science Career Track with Springboard.Pros:The weekly mentor calls are immense. My mentor has strong experience as a data scientist and he was able to answer every question I had along with providing great feedback for my projects.The career... Read More coaching is fantastic. The amount of recruiters reaching out to me via LinkedIn since they helped me retool has been very noticeable. Additionally they also helped change up my resume.The mock interviews were also incredibly helpful. Interviews were always something I had struggled with and their interview prep has definitely helped me in my current interviews.Cons:I think their curriculum could be better. I had to supplement a lot of it with books, YouTube, and courses on LinkedIn Learning.Read Less",springboard
Springboard has a tremendous curriculums related to data science. You will do various data science projects which really enhance your technical skills and the feedback from your mentor deepened your insights. You will also receive full job support from... Read More the experienced career coaches. I truly recommend Springboard to wants to become a great data scientist.Read Less,springboard
"I was laid off in March due to Covid, so I decided to hop into a bootcamp to prep me for my next career move. After reading the reviews and learning of Springboard's job placement guarantee, I enrolled and let me tell you, it did not disappoint. In this... Read More course I learned how to better use excel and formulas to wrangle and analyze data, I learned data visualization tools such as Tableau and Power BI, and I also learned SQL and Python which are high demand languages. Springboard's mentor support and career coaching really helped guide me down a path that led me to my current role; one I landed while taking this course. If you are looking to pivot your career or just learn new skills to pad that resume, Springboard is your ticket. Best bang for your buck. They teach you the tools that are CURRENTLY being used in the data world, whereas many other bootcamps' teachings are a bit dated.Read Less",springboard
"I loved the fact that the program was self-paced and you were matched with a mentor who tailored 30 minutes weekly with you to track your progress as well as give you career advice and guidance. I felt that the content of the program was neatly organized.... Read More Although I knew some of the topics, Springboard helped tie all the things needed to succeed as a Data Analyst well.Read Less",springboard
"The program is ideal for me due to the scheduling flexibility of all involved. Also, most impressed with the highly technical and professional level of participants in the course. Everyone already advanced in their industry experience, and looking to... Read More push themselves to the next level.Read Less",springboard
"I would stay away from Springboard. Especially during this hard time of job search. I will be the first one to say that mentors are amazing. Career coaches are great as well. BUT mentors are overworked, and some have way too many students. Support for... Read More mentors is lacking as well. Career coaches are very busy, and sometimes you will be waiting weeks before the call. That ""Unlimited Mentor Calls"" claim doesn't hold any water either, the number of open slots for this varies, and if you're up against the deadline, I wouldn't rely on it. The timeline you have to finish in, is not very realistic, especially if you're working full time. If you're one of the unlucky souls who do not land the job within the job search guarantee months, the refund process is horrendous. In their policy they state that you can not accept ANY job during the guarantee period. So good luck staying financially afloat if you didn't manage to stay employed during the course. There is zero flexibility in where your money will be refunded. So if it was a credit card, that you have a balance on, best of luck. Also if you think you might be getting a refund, DO NOT REFER ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS/Acquaintances. They will take the $250 credit for the referral and count it towards your refund.Read Less",springboard
"It took me 8 months to finish my course, and could have even taken longer since my last project took almost a month to complete. Overall I am happy with the course, it was a great learning experience and very convinient way to learn new skill. The best... Read More part about this program was having a mentor, a wokring profesional and exepert in the field, who helped me overcome any challenges that I ran into during my curriculum. Job support was nothing special, it is a 30min meeting with a career coach who talks about your resume and trys to give you tips when it comes to job search, something that hasn't proved useful in my case, and as much as their ""advices"" were adequate, they were not impresive or life changing. My career coach sesions didn't help me find a job or make any progress in that area, it was my persistancy and detemination, and strong personality that got me a job. All in all I recomend this course, but I would recommend Springboard to work on career service suport as well as student advising suport, since it is imposiible to get a hold of student advisors.Read Less",springboard
"It is one of the well designed curriculum for Data Analytics course. Best part about this course is it constantly directs you to think structurally towards problem solving. You get hands on practice on most of the leading skills to get hired. Not just... Read More technical skills, this course also helps you with career counseling and job search process. After completing 3 case studies and 2 capstone projects I am confident about my future career. Thank you Spring board.Read Less",springboard
"I took (and completed) the UX Career Track at Springboard. It consists of a well-planned curriculum, designed to guide the students in creating projects for their portfolios. You end up with three different projects/case studies to include in your portfolio,... Read More which is great. I also liked how we were free to choose the topic/problem area for our own capstone projects, which is not an option in every bootcamp. I also appreciated having a dedicated mentor, with whom I checked in every week. Springboard also offers unlimited extra calls with one of their vast corps of mentors.Interspersed with the curriculum are career/job-focused units, which help you prepare your resumé and LinkedIn, and gives you guidance in networking, informational interviewing, job interviewing and more, each with one-on-one meetings with a dedicated career coach.I was truly impressed with the support of Springboard, and felt the entire staff, mentors, career coaches, were all dedicated to the student's success.If I had to come up with a ""con"" it would be that a few units relied on outdated or irrelevant articles. That said, they have an excellent mode of receiving feedback from the students, so it was easy to let them know of areas of improvement.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard helped me learn new skills, and better prepare for a career in tech. The curriculum was packed full of relevant information, and modern content. Springboard as a whole is really supportive of their students, and willing to work with you. Springboard... Read More renewed my faith in tech ed companies through their intentionality, and grace. I am happy to have been a part of this community and thankful that Springboard exceeded my skeptical expectations.Read Less",springboard
"Pros: 1:1 Mentorship, Career Coaches, Industry Design Project (internship), Job guarantee (if you live near a metropolitan city)The curriculum is pretty extensive and you get a lot of practice exercises and projects to help build your portfolio.Cons:... Read More Might now vibe well with your mentor but that's ok! It still gives you a chance to learn.Read Less",springboard
"I attended the data science career track program of Springboard during 06/2020 - 10/2020. Overall, I had good experience with the entire program. The curriculum is well-designed, covering a wide spectrum of data analytical skills that are essential for... Read More preparing a data science career. The weekly mentor calls are generally helpful.Read Less",springboard
"Going through Springboard was an incredible experience. The skills I've learned have prepared me completely for a full-time position as a Software Engineer and the mentorship provided was incredibly helpful. I'm very content with the result and for the... Read More price it's really no-brainer. That said, for those applying, make sure to start on algorithms and interview prep EARLY (first or second week). Doing that will help you pass technical interviews faster.Read Less",springboard
"I enrolled in the Data Science Career Track at Springboard. The course is designed beautifully with many mini projects, 2 capstone projects and assignments. It gives you a solid experience from the very beginner to the more advanced level of Data Science... Read More techniques. The weekly mentor and career coach system is awesome too!Read Less",springboard
"I just completed my UX/UI Career Track course with Springboard and loved it! I was hesitating at first to do an online bootcamp and was comparing them to General Assembly. I chose Springboard because of the added support they give you such as: 1:1 Mentorship,... Read More Career Coaches and Industry Design Project. All these services were helpful, especially in transitioning to a new career. Everyone at Springboard, especially my mentor, were always helpful. The course content was very good and I definitely learned a lot. Although the course is online, I was able to meet a lot of great people and will continue my friendship with them. The cost of the course is worth it, considering all that you learn and the support you get. This has certainly been a great investment and I look forward to taking more courses with them in the future!Read Less",springboard
"Pros: 1:1 Mentorship; I can not stress enough how crucial this was to my success. My mentor reviewed each of my projects and gave constructive criticism that helped shape my capstone project. The support you get from your student advisor, career coaches,... Read More and HR team where all very professional and really wanted to see you complete the coarse, and helped in any way possible.Springboard encourages networking with meetups and conventionsThe coursework was challenging and did a good job explaining what the goals were. After completion I feel much more comfortable doing projects on my own.Even after the coarse is over they still support you throughout your job search, by reviewing offers, and helping prepare for interviews.Cons: Sometimes you can be paired with a mentor that you do not vibe with. That is ok, we all learn differently and have different styles of receiving information. Just communicate with springboard.Sometimes the coursework will seam out of date or will have a standard that is not practiced anymore within the industry. Your mentor will normally be first to point this out, so it's easily corrected.Do not get frustrated with having to redo some coursework, trust the process.Read Less",springboard
"I had a really good experience with Springboard. I'm a web developer switching to design, and this gave me a clear path toward that goal. It is a serious time commitment so make sure you understand that up front. At first I underestimated how challenging... Read More it would be, and started to fall behind my own goals. I got back on track fairly quickly though and appreciate the fact that it was such a challenging program. Support was great and the mentor system works really well. I liked it a lot and honestly I'm going to miss it.Read Less",springboard
The mentor led curriculum was just what I needed. It kept me on my toes.The program content is super and constantly reviewed and best of all my student advisor was fantastic.I recommend springboard 100% to anyone who wants to learn Data Analytics while... Read More engaged in a full time job.Read Less,springboard
"I have done the UIUX Design program at Springboard twice, I have done similar program with General Assembly in the classroom, but to me it is not even close to what Springboard has to offer, that's why I came back to Springboard again for the job guarantee... Read More course and i got 3 offers from great companies. The curriculum constantly gets updated, mentors in the community encourage to share our thoughts and experiences during learning process and they give their advices. There is unlimited mentorship and you can book any mentor you want besides the one that you already have assigned to you. I highly recommend this to everyone! it is absolutely worth it. Cons: Not all mentors at Springboard are good in my opinion, some of them don't care much if you succeed and they are there just to make extra cash. I wish there was a better selection and quality of mentors. Some tools that Springboard suggests you have to pay for (I wish it was free for the learning purposes).Read Less",springboard
"I have pass the first week of DSC and I would love to dedicate them 5 stars for this very first stage of the program. The logic of curriculum fits for many type of students by promoting self-pace learning and many useful technical support tools, the roadmap... Read More is also clear from beginning. The administration is quite active, they take response on time, although the one in pre-course performed not so well.Read Less",springboard
"I was looking to restart my career after a gap of few years. Although I had IT experience my inclination toward data analysis led me to pursue and study from one of the best online learning platforms Springboard. I did research about a few online learning... Read More platforms and Springboard suited my needs.They have a well designed curriculum with all the latest tools and technologies used for data analysis. I was impressed with the unlimited mentor calls that they provide. Whenever I felt stuck it was so helpful to book a call with the mentor and clear my doubts. All the mentors are industry experts in their own industry with extensive experience. Springboard also provides career coaching, resume creation, linkedIn profile updates so that you can begin your journey into this new career path.I have completed my certification and feel confident that the skills I have learnt will help me to land a job and find my new career path.Thank you Springboard for this exciting experience.Read Less",springboard
"I started the Springboard data scientist career track in Feb 2020, and finished the course in October 2020. I joined other Bootcamp last year but did not receive enough support. The entire program, including weekly 1:1 mentor, career support, office hour,... Read More and 2 capstone projects, is really amazing. I have a chance to work with experienced data scientists and learn from them. I highly recommend to anyone who is interested in starting their career or want to improve their technical skills.Read Less",springboard
"I started Springboard's SWE track in March with a degree in IT but no real hands on coding experience, outside of small terminal based things. I am just now about 60% through with the program and have already had several job offers, one of which I accepted.... Read More Before the program I made $40k as an application support specialist with no room for upward growth, and am now making $65k with ample opportunities for progression. This program has literally changed my life. I think Springboard's mentor inclusion and emphasis on testing and career development sets it miles above any other bootcamp.Read Less",springboard
"Data Analytics Career Track is an excellent course that covers various topics of data analytics, for example, the completion of 2 projects practicing skills in Python, SQL, data analysis, data visualization, hypothesis testing and machine learning. I... Read More recommend this course.Read Less",springboard
This was a very good course and pretty in-depth. I was able to learn the core basic principles and was able to implement it on the projects. My course was UI/UX. The mentors are quite supporting and motivating. Overall I was quite happy with my pace and... Read More the amount of knowledge I was gaining.Read Less,springboard
"Springboard offers an excellent self-paced online curriculum experience to learn career-relevant data science skills. Coming into this bootcamp, I had completed some online bootcamp-style courses in Python, data science, and web development, but the learning... Read More pace on my own versus through the Springboard curriculum was incomparable.Most of the coding exercises are done on the Datacamp platform, and alumni have the opportunity to extend their access to Datacamp upon completing the bootcamp. I found Datacamp to be a much more useful and helpful coding platform than alternatives like Coursera and Udemy. I would highly recommend Springboard for those aiming to make a career transition into data science.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard’s community was very welcoming and helpful throughout the course. I have learned so much and continue to learn more. I’m grateful to have chosen them to pursue my career in analytics with. They were all supportive and accommodating throughout... Read More my experience. Thanks, Springboard!Read Less",springboard
"I recently completed a UX design career track program through Springboard, and it was a great experience overall! I learned so much from the curriculum, but what was most helpful was having real projects to work on and then discuss with my mentor every... Read More week. I really value the time I had with my mentor and the way that it helped me gain confidence in the work I was doing. I will say, that it was difficult to do while working full time, but I really believe it was a good investment in my future as a UX designer/researcher!Read Less",springboard
"There are no ""cons"" , only ""pros""! I was terminated by an employer after years of service. I felt crushed, shattered, discarded, especially after I found difficulty securing another job. Springboard changed all that : Thanks especially to their incomparable... Read More mentors, and caring career coaches and student advisors, you know who you are : I told them that ""I could not have done it without you"" and how grateful I was as I finished their Data Analytics bootcamp course : I must also mention their invaluable weekly broadcasts on networking and with tips and samples of cover letters. ""thank you"" letters to interviewers, etc. , and their incomparable job support / career placement resources. The course gave me a new lease on life with a new passion for coding and a new interest in information technology! I can't wait to get my next job so I can afford to help Springboard help others as Springboard has helped me. And, I can't wait to get my next job so I can indulge my new passion for the data science by signing up for Springboard's courses in Data Science and in Software Engineering.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard creates a good outline of the skills needed to be a data analyst, but most of the information is open source. It's helpful having that structured thinking and instruction for how to complete analysis through different platforms like excel,... Read More python and SQL.Read Less",springboard
"I recently completed the Machine Learning Engineering career track with Springboard and have reached all of the goals I set out to accomplish. I am very confident in my ability to use the tools of Machine Learning and develop automated solutions to accomplish... Read More AI tasks.One thing I can say is the course is very demanding and this is even having a background in software development of over 10 years. I do like to do things slowly, snd even though it took me a while to get through the 600 hours, I was able to find my first Machine Learning role while I was only at the 2/3 mark which for me already proved the course was legit. I have actually begun my second Machine Learning role as I am completing the course and I was thankful throughout this pandemic that I could have the confidence that I would be able to find a job with the skills I picked up even in such volatile times. Definitely recommend this course to anyone who knows they will put in the time.Read Less",springboard
"One of the most cost effective Bootcamp for Data Analytics. The curriculum by large covers: Business Analysis, Statistics, Excel, SQL, Power BI, Tableau and Python in terms of technical skills. The content is mostly open source, however compiling the... Read More curriculum and putting together the content does the job well towards the Data Analytics Course material. The 1:1 mentor weekly helpful, I personally used all calls for discussing the projects and going through the submissions. There is unlimited tutor calls where I would typically discuss any queries. The career coach calls are informative and helpful. Springboard has dynamically done everything possible to support the learning through this bootcamp. The job guarantee is something that no other bootcamp offers and got me to signup for the course. If Springboard can align instructor lead weekend sessions then I would aswell consider to signup for Data Science Career track.Read Less",springboard
"The UX Career Track is a great program for anyone interested to start / transition their career into UX.The platform is really smart and it has some features like ""Study Plan"" that make sure you go at the pace you are suppose to. The mentor is a big perk,... Read More I like it better than having a professor because they are someone who you wanna be after a couple of years.They give you practical advice and it feels like you have your own personal tutor. Another big perk is that you get a career coach that will help you prepare well for the job hunt. As a recent graduate, I feel confident to start my career as a UX Designer.Read Less",springboard
"I signed up for Springboard to facilitate a career transition in UX Design. I just completed the UI/UX Design Stream and am happy with my experience. The student advisor I had Jessica, was extremely helpful and considerate of personal circumstances, granting... Read More me an extension when I needed it. The mentorship added value that if not there I am not sure I would have been very satisfied or would have been willing to pay even half the price of tuition. This is really where the true benefit of the course is. The curated material - yes over 90% of the material is curated form external sources such as Medium, YouTube and LinkedIn Learning. Is good but sometimes it was not structured well in terms of the order in which it was presented. Time estimates for some exercises were also way off mark for me personally but I would assume this can vary person to person. The one big con was my independent project or externship as they refer to it. While I was placed with a company that was a good match for me, they were based in India which made it very difficult to coordinate and work with them. It would have been better to be placed with a company in Canada (where I live), or at least in North America. In general they could work with having more connections in local countries that student's are in and this should be considered when matching people. A career coach in San Francisco cannot benefit someone in Toronto as much as someone in the country and even better the city can. Overall the material in conjunction with the mentorship makes this a worthwhile bootcamp. There are areas that need refinement but all in all I had a very positive experience and learned a lot.Read Less",springboard
"I was that person that was stuck in a dead end job in a dying industry with all attempts of finding other work completely failing. I came to a crossroads in my career where I could settle in my industry and hope for the best or completely start over in... Read More something new. I am sure many of you looking at these reviews are in very similar positions. After reviewing coding boot camps, I found Springboard offered the best program with support and coaching. All of it was true. All of it was needed. I did this program with a full time job and the online flexibility made it possible. It will be challenging, it will take some weekends, but it will give you a skillset that is absolutely in demand with limitless growth potential. The program teaches you what you need to know for your first data analyst role. The mentors, advisors, and career coaches help you get the role. It takes a village and I can attribute all of my success to the Springboard village.Read Less",springboard
"I thought I was going to end up quitting just starting out in Springboard, but the community &amp; my 1:1 mentor gave me the boost to keep pushing forward throughout the course. I didn't believe I would make it but I did! I also learned a bunch and really... Read More started loving the fact of teaching different students and folks about concepts that once had my mind in a loop. I'm currently on my job search &amp; the Springboard job team is amazing in trying to support my career.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard offers a terrific opportunity to learn new concepts and AND put them to use in multiple case studies and Capstone projects. They give you all the info you need as well as a personal mentor that is always there for should you get stuck on a... Read More problem or just want to talk about how the current assignment will apply to your new career. There are also internal chat rooms that are available, where you can interact with other students and faculty. Faculty also offers certain hours of group question and answer sessions. Springboard offers everything you need to be successful in moving on to your next position and career. It's a lot more fun than your typical training.Read Less",springboard
"Pros: - Well-conceived, robust, project-based curriculum taught by an excellent instructor (Colt Steele) - 1 on 1 weekly personal mentorship from a legitimate industry expert (mine had been a dev for 20 years and has worked at Amazon for the past 5) ... Read More- Career curriculum paced well in tandem with the technical curriculum - they don't just teach you how to code; they teach you how to get a job- Active Slack community of peers. Many people actually formed study groups and checked in with one another regularly - TA's available weekdays for whenever you get stuck - Priced very favorably vs competitors, offered multiple/flexible pricing options to fit your situation (now I just sound like I work for them lol)  Cons: - If you're not a self-starter or struggle with motivation, this may be a tough sell for you. The online community and the mentor support help with not feeling alone, but at the end of the day you still have to make yourself do the work.Read Less",springboard
Springboard was awesome. I would definitely recommend it. The best part was my mentor who had all the similar interests I did which made the conversations that much more fun and brought opportunity to collaborate. I also loved the industry design project... Read More I was paired with at the end of the course which was with an industry that I am extremely passionate about.Read Less,springboard
Pros: 100% online format that is easy to fit in everyone's schedule. Number of percentage of completion helps to keep track on the progress of the class easily. Cons: lack of training/course on UX/UI software which is critical for all UI/UX designer.,springboard
"It was the best investment for upskilling during pandemic lockdown time. Before and after the bootcamp, I see sharp differences in terms of my coding, data science, ML and interviewing skills. I would recommend this course to anyone pursuing a career... Read More in Data Science.Read Less",springboard
"I just completed the UX Career Track program and I love it. I compared many other Bootcamp and finally chose this one. I can learn it while I have a full-time job along the whole process. The course has a capstone project that sits as the backbone of... Read More the overall curriculum. With each unit you complete, you add to your capstone project. This style gives you an immediate opportunity to apply the skills you learned during the unit and solidify the new knowledge. For me, it's been an effective means of growing my skillset.Pros : - The course is self-paced which is exactly what I was looking for. - Every student gets a mentor and you can book mentor calls as many as you want- Very supportive student advisors.Read Less",springboard
"I was switching careers from architecture and was looking for an online program that would allow me to transition into UX Design. I enrolled in Springboard UX Career track and I do not regret investing my money or time. I had a great experience working... Read More with the career coaches and mentors, and I would recommend it to others looking to switch careers. Career guidance and coaching was the most valuable and I hope to find a job soon. I feel prepare and ready to start working as a UX Designer.Read Less",springboard
"Amazing mentor , career advisor &amp; curriculum- that boost pay scale in my current job.After being laid off due to COVID from healthcare Industry-- i was looking to brush up my technical skillset.I looked at tons of schools and their boot-camps which were... Read More offering Data Analyst degree/ certification. Spoke to number of admission representatives. None was providing mentor &amp; career advisor. Then I came across Springboard - they had everything I was looking for in the course, plus they are quite economical compare to any schools.Read Less",springboard
"The online software engineering course from Springboard proved to be the ideal solution for me. Since I was still working full-time during the week, I needed an online course that would let you advance at your own pace while still being affordable. I... Read More think the way the course was laid out made it easy to advance from one topic to another, building upon previous lessons and not leaving gaps. I loved Colt Steele's teaching style! He knows how to break things down and explain them in a logical (and humorous) way. Springboard did a very good job matching me with my mentor. I was really able to connect with him and looked forward to our weekly meetings.Overall, my experience was an A++ and I would recommend Springboard to anyone!Read Less",springboard
"Love this experience. If only this existed long ago so I wouldn't be 30K in debt going to college!!Great curriculum, easy to understand for the most part. SOME areas are a challenge but you will get through them...The Mentors are VERY helpful! My guy,... Read More Darren was a GOD send...Your Career Coches will guide your way to a good job in this field. Follow their advice to be successful...Read Less",springboard
"Springboard curriculum design is great, the concept of weekly mentor calls is a wonderful idea. The career coaches here are amazing and help us through the course. The other features like student community and integration with other concept training partners... Read More like datacamp, LinkedIn learning are cool and supportive for in-depth learning.Read Less",springboard
"Very nice program for any data science beginner or intermediate level . Full community support from other cohort members/students , student advisor, mentor, career coaches . Course is well designed and reviewed and easy to follow along instructions .... Read More Great course structure !!Read Less",springboard
"Pros-Thorough curriculum, walks you through the entire UX Design process from research to design to testing to iteration-Weekly mentor calls to keep you on track and get guidance from a UX expert, you'll likely form a bond with this person-Project based... Read More curriculum. I now have three case studies that I included in my brand new portfolio, all with the help of Springboard-The industry design project is truly awesome. You get to work with a real company which is invaluable. Mine offered to have me continue working part-time after I finished the 4-week project, which it seems is pretty common from what I've heard. Some students I have seen get offered full time positions at their industry design project-I worked full time alongside the course and so I was able to get a 2 month extension for free (so I did the course for 8 months total), I also got a couple of weeks off to catch up after a vacation (at no charge)Cons-It was a lot of work to do the course while working full time. It's possible, but it was definitely demanding. The course end date can be extended but you will have to pay extra, so since I didn't want to pay extra, I worked a lot to try to finish before the end of my 8 months, which I ended up doing.-I was lucky enough to be able to pay upfront in order to save some money in the long run, but this course is definitely expensive. However, I think it is worth it-I didn't like how a lot of the career coaches booked calls so far out in advance due to limited availability. I think Springboard recently hired more career coaches so that may be fixed, but while I was in the course availability was limitedRead Less",springboard
"Pros: Great communication and support from staff (especially during COVID times); straightforward curriculum; weekly mentor calls for support and guidance; internship with a real company; supportive network of fellow students; ability to pay after you... Read More land a job; takes student feedback for how to improve the course; and career coaching continues after you finish the course.Cons: Internship was difficult in terms of communication (my company was in India) and being able to do great work in 4 weeks; could be cost prohibitive for some (however, see above); doing the course alongside working full time could prevent you from finishing in 6 months; I felt they could expand more on some things like the design sprint (since this seems to be the industry norm these days) and the mock interviews.Overall, I had a great experience with Springboard and feel that they were truly supportive of me and met me where I was, with no previous design or tech experience (I came from a human services background). I highly recommend this bootcamp to anyone looking to pursue a career change into tech.Read Less",springboard
"Enough practice work in the curriculum with sufficient guidance that enabled me to learn the skill faster. I would recommend Springboard any day because of its timely support, effective and learned mentors. I truly enjoyed being apart of the Springboard... Read More student community.Read Less",springboard
"Data Analytics track was a good way to get into Data Analytics and Data Science. I had an awesome mentor and many awesome co-mentors who helped with problem solving. The course demands a steep learning curve at times, so start with SQL and Python as you... Read More begin the course (or even earlier). You can delve into Data Science if you wish to and sure will have enough experience to continue your educational journey after the course.Read Less",springboard
"Context: During my last year as a Ph.D. student, as I planned to pursue a career in data science, I decided to join the Data Science Career Track of the Springboard program. I was recommended by one of my Ph.D. student friends, who eventually successfully... Read More landed a good working position. I therefore decided to follow his footsteps.Overall: I am quite satisfied with Springboard's program. I think it has formed me well to become a data scientist and to quickly land a job. However, I believe there are a few things they can still improve on.Pros:- Overall Quality: the data science track definitely introduces and educates you well to the data science world, used in the industry. It covers most aspects of data science (wrangling, visualization, ML, ... ) and lets you acquire enough experience to land a job in that field. Of course, it won't replace extensive years of professional experience, but it is great way to bootstrap your data science career.- Preparedness: I would argue that the data science track doesn't require advanced programming skills, but it is best to have some Python experience (the software overwhelmingly used in the course). If you don't (like me), the first few months can be a bit of a learning curve. You eventually pass that stage though.- The Capstone Projects: the program is focused on two data science projects that you lead from start to finish. A great learning experience where you put your hands in the dirt, which you accomplish under the supervision of your mentor. These are great accomplishments you put in your portfolio and that you showcase to employers. - Mentorship: Speaking of which, the supervision by your mentor is probably the greatest feature of the course (and why the price is a bit high). For those who need someone to look over their shoulder, it's definitely a great resource that helps you move forward in the course. The mentorship I received was great and from what I heard, bad experience with mentors is quite rare. Plus you can always change, if it gets really bad.- Career: The career services they offer are equally useful. By helping you build your résumé, your LinkedIn profile, etc... Springboard helps you reach out and makes your profile more attractive to employers. The mock interviews you need to pass in order to complete the course are ideal reflections of real career situations.- Flexibility: While it is not something obvious when you start, you can actually ask for pauses, freezes and extensions if you need more time to complete the curriculum, or if you dealing with too much stuff a time in your professional / personal life (I assume they don't openly advertise that because they prefer you to finish the certification in a reasonable amount of time). I personally extensively used those (mostly because of how busy I was with my Ph.D. work, specially when it came down to my thesis defense). I eventually completed the program in 12 months. However, I DO NOT recommend to do so within such a big time frame. 6-8 months is definitely reasonable if you allocate the proper time each week. If you trail like I did, Springboard eventually starts charging you for additional extensions.Cons:- Rates: their rates are a bit high in my opinion and I believe it's mostly because of the number of resources they offer (mentors, career advisors, extensive curriculum, access to external resources like DataCamp). It's good to have that many resources, but in my opinion, some parts of the curriculum (maybe less than 10%) are useless or redundant. Therefore, I think the rates (assuming you avoid enrolling in paid extensions) could be 10% cheaper than what they currently are.- Customer Service: this definitely has been the worst part of the whole program. I assume it's because Springboard has considerably increased its volume of students (across all tracks) but their personnel's size hasn't keep up with the trend. While I always eventually obtained the information I requested, it takes a while to find and reach out to the proper person. First of, they only allow email communications. Then, their services are split between advisors, support team, finance team, etc... So if you ask for something to someone, they will most likely re-direct you to someone else. And the response time can be a few days. I don't expect every customer rep. to know everything and I assume it takes a while to train, but it is quite frustrating when you can't get a straight answer immediately, specially for finance-related questions or for deadlines (when you need an answer fast).Read Less",springboard
"I didn't find any cons for sure. For Pros, they make the transition from one occupation to the other very smooth. All the information provided by them was very easy to understand and follow. Having weekly mentor call for project related queries and having... Read More career coach calls for career related advice made it so helpful. Having one on one additional mentor call and community help made the journey quite interesting. Job guarantee process is definitely very helpful.Read Less",springboard
"I enrolled already having some knowledge in Data Science but wasn’t able to find a job by myself. Springboard taught me not only data science knowledge but, more importantly, skills on how to present yourself properly. With my mentor’s help, I started... Read More blogging about my projects, which, I believe, helped me immensely. Resume writing tips I couldn’t get from anywhere else are also very valuable. Midway thought the course I managed to find an internship. I got a full-time job offer within a month after graduation.Springboard is an opportunity, but you have to work hard to get the most out of it. Keeping your dedication though the course is demanding, the materials you have to learn are not easy, and you have to do really interesting capstone projects to succeed. But your hard work pays off, and you get support from your mentor and career advisor both during the course and after graduation.Read Less",springboard
Pros:• Project-based curriculum. You'll complete the course with four portfolio-ready projects.• Networking requirements and career coaching support• Weekly mentor calls and development of mentor relationshipCons:• No formal opportunities for group work... Read More makes networking with other current students a bit unstructured• Industry Design Project in my experience was with a very small startup so the project was pretty open-ended. Can be challenging to produce impactful work within the four week time frame.Read Less,springboard
Love It: building of tangible skills and technologies while also developing social skills.Improve on: Clarity on what their job guarantee looks like from the beginning. I choose to pay monthly. I feel this was the largest determine factor in my completion... Read More of the course in 4.5 months. Very happy with the person I became through the process of the course.Read Less,springboard
"I really enjoyed my time being enrolled with Springboard. Strong points: - One-on-one time with your mentor (this is the strongest point of the course imo. My mentor was wonderful about getting back to me outside of the time he was required to by Springboard.... Read More I could not have learned what I did in this course without his help) - Additional mentor calls if necessary (these aren't with your mentor, but with a different mentor assigned by Springboard. I still found them helpful) - The structure of the course helps you really understand the basics and have a good foundation for the fundamentals of UX design - The Industry Design Project! Huge strong point. This will give you real-world experience which you can put on your resume and highlight on your portfolio - If you take the job guarantee, you're required to pass mock interviews at the end of the course: whiteboarding, portfolio walkthrough, and a behavioral interview. You get two chances to pass, but I passed them all on my first try and so did the other students I spoke with. As long as you prepare and practice you should be able to pass, but this is a strong point because it prepares you for the real-world interview process. I was really nervous for these but I'm very glad they're embedded into the structure of the course - I have just applied to complete with Springboard, so I haven't begun my job search yet, but if you take the job guarantee you will also have access to career coaches 6 months post-graduation, which will be incredibly valuable - My student advisor (Molly) was incredible - quick response from her when I reached out, and she went above and beyond to address my concerns and make sure I was taken care of Sticking points (for me personally): - The course ran a lot longer than I expected it to. The projected time to complete is within 6 months if you spend 20-25 hours a week on the course. It took me about 11 months to complete, and I think this is more due to the course structure than anything else. Projects build on other projects, so sometimes I had to revise certain projects before moving onto the next stage. For the lengthier projects, I had to revise multiple times and it took a few weeks to get the go ahead from my mentor to continue. Like I said, he was incredibly helpful to me outside of the normal hours we met and I don't blame him for this at all - I think it made me a much better designer and helped me to go into the material in more depth. My sticking point here is just wishing that Springboard projected closer to a year rather than 6 months (for part-time students like me), but this could be something that's unique to my experience - I understand why the career coaching sections are built into the structure of the course, but I have to admit I really did just want to focus on the hard skills of the course and found it a little jarring that there were career coaching sections in the beginning/middle of the course rather than just the end. The reason for this is networking and building up your LinkedIn profile/connections during the course, so the reasoning is good. I just struggled with feeling like I really wanted to focus on the skills themselves before doing the networking Overall, I had a really positive experience with Springboard and found that they were really helpful and responsive when I needed them to be. I haven't started my job search, but if I'm able to update this review later, I will when I have a better understanding of how that will look. If you're looking for a boot camp program for UX design, I think Springboard is an excellent option.Read Less",springboard
This program will definitely prepare you and give you the skills needed to be an effective analyst. I came into it with some analysis experience in my past but had been out of the industry for several years so I wanted to brush up old skills and learn... Read More new skills. Since COVID caused all my contract work to be cancelled this year I was able to work on this program nearly full time and finished it in just over 3 months. Most of the assignments were clear and could be completed with the provided instruction or a quick internet search. Only once or twice did I need to use the unlimited mentor call feature to get unstuck on something. I think the biggest value for me on this was the career support side. There are some modules interspersed with the technical material on how to search and how to manage you LinkedIn page. They help you with your resume as well. Then after you complete the course you have weekly calls with a career coach to keep you on track and give interview advice etc. I got pretty good traction right away and am currently waiting for an offer letter from Mercedes Benz USA just 2 months into my search.Read Less,springboard
"The UX/UI Design Bootcamp at Springboard is online learning at its best. Springboard pairs you with a personal mentor, career coaches, and a student advisor. You also have access to a large online community of fellow students where you can bounce ideas... Read More off each other and network. The program gives you practical skills to handle complex UI/UX challenges confidently in both B2C and B2B companies. You learn by doing and end up with a fantastic portfolio to help you land that first job. There's also an internship with a real company to put your new skills to the test while discussing any challenges you face with your mentor. Springboard is on the cutting edge of what's new in the industry. Coming out of the gate, I exchanged knowledge with industry veterans and applied what I learned in my present job. The learning material is high-quality. I got as much knowledge from this online program as I did from a traditional master's degree program at Northeastern University— at a fraction of the cost! There are flexible payment options for those who need them, and the staff is simply amazing. Your student advisor is there to answer all your questions and ensure you succeed. For example, my father got very sick early in the program and passed away. Then came the Coronavirus. Things got busier in my full-time job, which I didn't want to lose. Springboard understood that and encouraged me to take some time off while allowing me access to the course material. They have been incredibly flexible during the pandemic, giving students more time to complete the program, which is quite rigorous. I can't say enough about this program. I've learned so much. There are many niche avenues to pursue within UI/UX Design, and Springboard covers all of them. Why should you consider UX/UI Design as a career? It is a gratifying career as you get to dive into users' minds and empathize with them to deliver something that makes people's lives better. So, if empathy comes naturally to you, and you are eager to innovate and be creative, then UX designing may be an ideal career option for you.Read Less",springboard
"I enjoyed very much my time at Springboard. The curriculum is very project-oriented, which means you'll get several chances to practice your newly acquired skills with real datasets. It's an online course, which concerned me initially. However, every... Read More student has an advisor and a mentor that follow their work closely, which is very helpful. How closely they follow your work depends on you, and how much you ask for advice and feedback. My advisor was instrumental in helping me set and stick with daily goals, balancing course-work and time to relax, and was simply there every time I had an issue related with the workings of the course.Read Less",springboard
"I got the recommendation through my linkedin network and I have to say this is the best investment of 2020. I joined this community because I heard great things about their curriculum and mentorship program. Great communication, fast response, very flexible,... Read More and I now have mentors that are willing to guide me through my career.Read Less",springboard
"Pros: Actually In-depth. Assignments were realistic/practical/like real work (as opposed to university-homework-like). Learned more from this than codeacademy, coursera and udemy. My mentor kept me inspired as he is very successful and insightful. VCons:... Read More Probably overwhelming to keep up with if you have a job during.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard really works for people like me who usually excel at working at their own pace. I was able to set my own schedule, and while there are no strict deadlines, having a mentor and career coaches really help keep you inspired. Additionally, when... Read More I began the program I took the career coaching aspect for granted, because it really makes a big difference into pretty much all the other programs I looked at. The course goes beyond just teaching you skills, it's a program meant for you to change careers and get into the industry.Read Less",springboard
"What I love about this course is that the built-in structure and the curated content makes the difference when trying to learn on your own vs taking this course. In retrospect I would have taken the UI/UX Design Career Track but it wasn't available when... Read More I started the UX Career track. Regardless, I think this course was worth it. I got to collaborate with other designers for my IDP and the opportunity to collaborate made the experience much more amazing.In the beginning I was unsure but I chose to stick through with it and it was rewarding when I completed the program. I also wasn't used to online coursework or engaging in the slack community because I'm not very active on social media so that was a challenge. But in retrospect, I think the slack community is something I should have taken more advantage of because more online engagement with others has made me more comfortable and confident when communicating and networking with others and the more insights I gain from their experience that I can use to inform what I want for myself. I also had a mentor that kept me on my toes and challenged me to perform and deliver better. And that resulted in a capstone project that I was very satisfied with the end result even though there's always room for growth. When working on my industry project, my mentor encouraged me to create a solution that addresses the company's measurable goals as well as user needs and provided resources that helped me establish direction for my projects.I would have liked to learn more about UX Strategy and implementing it in our projects built into the course. These were encouraged by my mentor, but not built into the course.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is the real deal, with a really strong curriculum and tons of helpful resources and support along the way. I was incredibly impressed with all elements of the program - it's really buttoned up and user-friendly and chock-full of useful, modernized... Read More information for students and job seekers.Read Less",springboard
"It took me longer than the estimated 6-8 months to complete my course with Springboard, but it was worth it. Rigorous curriculum, challenging tasks, and one-on-one mentor support would be good enough reason to choose Springboard. But on top of all that... Read More they offer excellent career services. Highly recommended!Read Less",springboard
"I am really happy for the time spent at Springboard. Springboard has a great mentorship team quality and system. My mentor was really knowledgeable and really patient with me. Things that would take me days to understand, he will provide me the right... Read More resources and the right knowledge to get a better understanding of the matter.Springboard has a great curriculum. If you just follow the curriculum, you will be unbeatable in Data Science. You will be above in knowledge and skill college students and those in the work force.Read Less",springboard
"I am a career changer going from healthcare/medicine into data science and the information sector. I completed Springboard's Data Science Prep Course in anticipation of continuing on with their main Data Science Career Track. Coming from a place of limited... Read More coding experience, the Prep Course was definitely a great way to get my hands dirty in some of the technical aspects of coding and what the role of a data scientist may be. There are small projects sprinkled throughout to help build your understanding and comfort with the content. Some of the resources are a bit irrelevant in their applicability to real world problem solving, and are not easily translated to a professional setting. However, this is fine overall because their main goal is to get you prepped for their 6-month career track.The best part about this experience is definitely the mentorship. My mentor was incredibly helpful throughout my 4 weeks in the course. He was always engaged during our weekly meetings, and was very open to offering me advice outside of that time via fast email response. The mentorship is by far the highlight of the course, and got me excited to continue on with the Career Track.Overall, I'd recommend this course to anyone with a limited coding background considering doing a bootcamp, as it gives you those basic tools to pass the technical skills assessment and gives you the confidence to endure a 6 month bootcamp. The course is affordable and your tuition gets applied as a credit towards the already-affordable price of the full Springboard Career Tracks.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard provides a very good mentor support for each students. The career supports are good, but could be better. They definitely needs more original contents, and provides data that's like or close to the real data in a job. There are some improvements... Read More need to be make.Read Less",springboard
"This program was designed to teach you about data analytics as well as how to find a data analyst job. You will cover lots of different topics related to business data analytics. Some units are faster than others, depending on your previous experience... Read More or background knowledge. I definitely would recommend taking a course by Springboard in the future.Read Less",springboard
"This course takes you through many UX-relevant topics and you get to work on projects that likely mimic UX work in the real world (including a real world industry lab project). Robust mentor program where you don't get just your own mentor, but to tap... Read More into a network of Springboard mentors as well. Good preparation for starting a UX career.Read Less",springboard
Strengths about the Springboard UX Design career track:- A great overview of important topics to help you think like a UX designer- A mentor to keep you focused on the curriculum and to help navigate the UX industry and process- Incredible career coaches... Read More who will help you devise strategies for your job search efforts- 2 UX projects that follow the ideal UX design process and a real-world project with an organization that allows you to flex those new design skills- Flexibility with the course and target finish dates during difficult timesDon't expect that a 6 month bootcamp will land you a UX job right now. This should be seen as more of an introductory to UX design. The bootcamp is easy but time consuming. The real work happens after you finish.Read Less,springboard
I would like to recommend Springboard because they have a strong mentorship program where you are not only talking to your main mentor but you can talk to other mentors frequently to get advise. This really helped me to keep myself on the track throughout... Read More the course.Read Less,springboard
The springboard Machine Learning course was fun and my 1-on-1 with the mentor was superb and the career coaches they give you access to are amazingly helpful. Though the course is extremely hard and requires a lot of time to dedicate if you want to keep... Read More up with their study plan that they give you to suggest the pace you should take the courseRead Less,springboard
"Springboard’s UX/UI Design career track is a super comprehensive program that prepares students for design jobs by providing 4 capstone projects, one of which includes working with a real client. Their one-on-one mentor support is my favorite part of... Read More the program.Read Less",springboard
"The biggest value of the program is the weekly one-on-one meeting with your mentor. Overall, I learned a lot and completed the course with a portfolio that includes 4 case studies. Overall, I highly recommend this program for anyone looking to transition... Read More into UX Design and looking to get started on their case studies for their portfolio.Read Less",springboard
"I decided to take the Springboard UX/UI Design Career Track after having been treading water in my graphic design career for awhile. I wanted to try something new that I would be able to add onto my graphic art experience that was flexible and reasonably... Read More priced, and Springboard fit the bill. I got more out of it than I was ever expecting!The best feature of this course, hands down, has to be the Mentor program. Each student is matched with a Mentor who works one-on-one with them each and every week, reviewing all of their assignments and ensuring that they understand the material. Springboard receives all sorts of students from all sorts of backgrounds, and I was afraid that the course might have been a little easy for me. But my mentor really made sure to meet me where I was at, helping to ensure that I set a higher standard for myself and really pushing me to create some great work for my UX portfolio.I have since recommended this program to a few of my friends and am always excited to tell them just how I got my UX portfolio done by highlighting Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"The content is well organized, you get a feeling of the Data Science complete field. Sinc eit is a wide field, its difficult to get expertise is all specialization. It is very much dependent upon your mentor. I have not seen much involvment of the Springboard.... Read More The career coaching needs to improve.Read Less",springboard
"Excellent experience, very thorough education, mentor-led and project-driven so you really get a sense of what the job will entail. The organization was exceptional with dealing with COVID as well offering additional pauses if you needed etc. There were... Read More a few issues with timeline, but Springboard customer service was great at handling it. I never judge a company by IF they mess up, it's HOW they respond that matters.Read Less",springboard
"About 6 months ago, I decided to pivot my career from Copywriting to UX Writing. I knew I needed to learn the UX process since it's different from the way I was used to working, so I started researching a few different programs. There are UX Writing-specific... Read More courses which sound great, but for me, I wanted to maximize my investment by not only learning the UX process, but also becoming proficient in a new marketable skill (in my case, visual design). I knew 2 people who had gone through Springboard's UX Design Career track and they had good experiences. Because of COVID, all courses were enrolling online anyways, so that made my decision a bit easier.Overall, I thought that the Springboard experience was outstanding: quality curriculum; supportive and highly responsive network of mentors, coaches and advisors; ability to move at your own pace (for me: fast). I loved that the curriculum not only covered practical UX skills, but also included career-building units to help you network and improve your resume, so you're ready to apply to jobs right after you complete the course. I had a wonderful mentor who shared his real-world UX expertise during our weekly meetings, and if I ever had a question or issue, the student advisor for my cohort was always available to help. I also loved my career coach calls--valuable time with actual recruiters in the industry who help you navigate the job search from updating your LinkedIn to salary negotiation. After I completed the portfolio unit, I immediately got traction in my job search. I presented projects from my Springboard coursework during the interviews, and felt comfortable talking about UX principles with my interviewers, based on what I had learned in the course. I ultimately accepted a senior-level role before the course ended, which was my ""above and beyond"" goal going into the program. I would definitely recommend Springboard to anyone interested in pivoting to a career in UX (Design, Writing, Research, etc). If you're a self-led learner and extremely driven to get into UX, you'll get a ton of value out of the program and will feel prepared to pivot your career like I did.Read Less",springboard
"I have been enrolled at Springboard since April of 2020. I took their Software Engineering Career Track Prep course in order to get a strong basis for the main course. This course had a lot of good coverage on introductory subjects like standard CSS,... Read More Javascript, and HTML. I have taken a number of college courses on these subjects beforehand and didn't struggle with the prep material at all. I also really enjoyed the teacher: Colt Steele. You can Google his name and get a nice summary of his accomplishments with Rithm School (in-person Bootcamp in San Francisco). My issues with the program started around Section 12-13. While the earlier sections are easy enough to understand, that almost everyone won't struggle with them, once you get into more complex topics....the issues with Springboard become more glaring. Colt does a great job at breaking down subjects in the videos and keeps things interesting with fun jokes and a lighthearted approach to learning Web Development. The real issues seem to be with the supporting material and structure that Springboard itself provides. You meet with a ""mentor"" once a week for 30 minutes where you can't really accomplish all that much besides discuss a few issues you are currently having with your code. I actually like my mentor a lot, but they aren't supposed to be there to support you constantly as you work through the various projects\assignments. Instead, you are asked to reach out to the TA's, which Springboard states are available via chat and email throughout the day. This is a lie. There are really only 1-2 actual TA's that respond via email and on my experience the chat option is really only available around 5% of the time. So after you type up the issue you are experiencing, you just wait for a response, whether you needed a quick 5 word reply on something, or an extremely complex explanation with multiple paragraphs, it can take anywhere from 20 minutes to 3 hours to get a response. There are no 1 on 1 virtual sessions where a TA would join a Zoom call and work with you individually to track down issues. Instead you upload code to Google Drive and wait for them to download and par-ruse your uploaded code. Also the sections are setup in a really weird fashion. You are expected to watch 10+ videos all at once per section (each ranging from 5-20 minutes), and then work through exercises at the end, which could cover something you learned in the second video over 2 hours previously. Instead of re-enforcing important subjects along the way (and no, coding along with Colt does not count as exercises Springboard :) ). It ends up being extremely hard for individuals to have a feeling of cohesiveness between the instructional videos and actual assignments. It comes across as lazy and unconventional for a school you are spending $8,000-$12,000 to attend. My wife attended Flatiron and I recommend that bootcamp far above Springboard (as far as web development is concerned, I know they are solid on the data science front from what I have read). Pros:-Colt Steele is a really good teacher, but can move a bit fast for some I imagine. -Material is presented with very modern tools, frameworks, and methodologies. -Fully online so you can ""do it from anywhere"" -Online Slack community of other students, though it isn't very active. Cons: -Extreme lack of assistance when working on larger projects\assessments. Just wait till you get to the Hack and Snooze app...oof. -TA's are basically non-existent. -Office hours are usually clogged with 20-30 students that are all working on completely different parts of the curriculum and getting questions in for your specific needs is near impossible. -Coding along with Colt during lessons is not good enough for reinforcement of complex topics. -Career Prep is essentially updating LinkedIn, Attending virtual events, and updating your resume. -No Pair Programming :( -Springboard just telling you to ""check the solution"" for answers. Giving me the answers, and helping me understand concepts are not the same thing. -Doesn't require enough GIT push\pulls to make your profile look more active to employers. -Basically completely self driven, which I know works for others, but not for me as I really enjoy structure. -Changed their ""job guarantee"" mid curriculum -Very little feedback from the maintainers of the curriculum as to why they are choosing to do certain things over others. If you are searching for an fully online Software Development, I sincerely recommend looking elsewhere (Flatiron is the only other school I can speak on personally as my wife attended). I have worked in a separate section of Information Technology for nearly a decade and I struggled a lot to use their learning materials. And for perspective, I have 4 year IT degree, and 10+ IT Certifications in infrastructure. TLDR:Steer clear of Springboard unless it is for their Data Science Career Track. Their Software Engineering course is very new and needs a lot of work with supplemental activities to bring it up to par with both their other offerings, and other offerings available at other bootcamps.Read Less",springboard
"Most of the coursework is available for free, but having a mentor as a job reference and guide is very useful. Get through the coursework as fast as possible so more time can be spent on your capstones. Then your mentor can help you develop further skills... Read More beyond the curriculum.Read Less",springboard
"I did exhaustive research before picking a Data Science Bootcamp. I looked online, in-person -- even considered the DIY route. I landed at Springboard, and I was so pleased with (even surprised by) my experience. Springboard excels at combining a solid... Read More curriculum with hands-on learning, but what set them apart (and what surprised me) were their weekly 1-on-1 mentor meetings and rigorous career coaching focus. I wasn't alone simply learning how to become a data scientist. I was part of an encouraging community that prepared me to confidently create machine learning projects, network with the data science community and apply for jobs the day I left the program. Would highly recommend.Read Less",springboard
"I have just completed the Data Science Career track. Being able to look back at the entire process, I have to say that I am really satisfied. My expectations were met almost exactly. I wanted to get a solid foundation in in some topics and have a lot... Read More of practice working with data of all kinds, I got it all. Weekly calls with mentor were really useful as we covered all things that curriculum didn't supply. Additionally, career coaching calls which I didn't take seriously at first, ended up being very relaxed and extremely useful, the coaches really knew their thing and their suggestions on job search process ended up very useful.Well-rounded course, great support. My only point for the prospect students is the following: data science, ML and DL are difficult things to master. You need to come prepared (Python &amp; math), every now and then it gets really tough and there is barely any progress for weeks. So you have to be stubborn to get things done, especially given the fact that the course is remote.Read Less",springboard
"The courses are very well put together with a lot of great content from different sources. Everyone I interacted with was very kind and helpful. I learned a lot from my time spent in it! And while I was taking courses I was paid to design a website! These... Read More are very marketable skills. A con would probably be that it is a bootcamp, so you really need to make sure you have the time, energy, and mental capacity to put the work into it. I personally found that working while trying to do the courses was very difficult.Read Less",springboard
I really liked this course because it allowed me to work completely at my own pace. It is a 9-month course but I was able to complete it in 6. Springboard also seems very flexible if you need more than 9 months. All students are in a Slack community which... Read More is helpful to connect with peers while working remote but there were definitely times I wish had an actual classroom experience. Speaking with a mentor 1:1 every week and the career support was very helpful. I just graduated this month so am starting my job search but overall I would recommend Springboard to those who want to learn the BASICS of UX/UI Design. I definitely still feel like I have a lot to learn but I think that is the same with all bootcamps.Read Less,springboard
Springboard provides so much support to their students. I felt like there was always someone I could talk too and different ways to figure out problems. I just finished my curriculum and I feel I have a really strong foundation to show potential employers... Read More even though I started this program with very little experience in data analytics and have worked in customer service nearly my entire professional career. This course is very worth while and I'm so glad I took the time and spent the money on it.Read Less,springboard
"Motivated career switchers, rejoice! Springboard has a solution for you. Enroll in this online, self-paced curriculum and learn on your own terms. I completed the UX Career course in 6 months - this included ~20/week of self-scheduled coursework, a 30... Read More min weekly mentor call, and additional reading as desired. This course is focused on both the fundamentals of UX and the practical skills needed to score a job. I completed this while working 40 hours/week - I had no social life, but I completed it! Most of my fellow alums have acquired a job within 4 months of graduating.Read Less",springboard
"Trying to start a new career in always a hard thing to do. With all of the support (mentors, student advisors &amp; technical support) from Springboard made this task tangible. If there was a problem throughout the curriculum, all I had to do was reach out... Read More and some type of support would immediately reply and trouble shoot the problem. The student goes into the program knowing that Springboard really cares about their experience and very much wants them to succeed.Read Less",springboard
Pros:- The course work is extensive and to me seemed to be equivalent to a Masters Degree.- EXCELLENT mentor support and without which I would have given up. This is a key factor in my completion. Previously I tried the pathetic Udacity Business Analytics... Read More course and they lacked mentor and course work support.Cons:- Timeline is very aggressive.- Would love to have placement support as part of the course (this is now being offered due the covid situation).- Job interviews guaranteed but placement is extremely difficult if you dont have a PhD or Masters.Read Less,springboard
"The program was very beneficial. It allowed me to see various aspects within the world of Data Science. The course offered a little bit of everything to at least get me familiar with what I may see once I am able to dive into my career. Considering there... Read More are many avenues to pursue from a career prescriptive, myself (or someone ) will probably need to find outside resources to dive deeper depending on what they'd like to fully immerse themselves in. Coming out of the program, I feel that I have a strong understanding of Python, SQL, as well as machine learning techniques. The main wealth of knowledge came from working on my 2 capstone projects. It was within these 2 projects that I was able to use information learned from the coursework as well as learn to properly research other techniques and/or look for deeper learning. All the while, I was able to work with my mentor as I made mistakes and more importantly learned from them. A suggestion I would have for future students of the program is to work with a networking coach early on in the process. I spoke with a mentor on a weekly basis but I somewhat slacked on the network side of things as I feared I wasn't ready to ""talk the talk"". Looking back on it, I should have bunch more effort into this aspect, earlier on instead of leaving a majority of it to the end. The networking coaching if very beneficial to help prepare for life after the course. They offer very good networking tips. I truly enjoyed my experience!Read Less",springboard
"The program seems very easy at first, then you start getting into the real learning aspect and it becomes fun. The curriculum provides valuable information sourced from across the internet all in one convenient location. Mentor calls are rewarding and... Read More educational. But best of all are the hands on projects that puts you up against real industry challenges. Great course for gaining experience.Read Less",springboard
"I've just completed Data Analytics Career Track. The curriculum provides tremendous technical trainings using Excel, Tableau, Power BI, Python and SQL which I found them very useful. Study cases were good enough to improve technical skills. I found access... Read More to unlimited calls with mentors and career coach services very helpful. Overall I had a great experience and suggested to any one who like to peruse a career as a Data Analyst.Read Less",springboard
Springboard have great mentors that work with you to achieve your goals and bringing out your potential to be successful. They make sure that you understand the topics completely before moving on to the next topic and even give you quick reviews of previous... Read More topics to ensure that you keep the new tools that you learned fresh in your head.Read Less,springboard
"Loved my experience!! Incredible mentorship opportunities. Would absolutely recommend. Without Springboard, I could not be were I am today. The Industry Design Project, Capstone, and Design Sprint were invaluable projects for my portfolio and experience.... Read More Thank you Springboard!Read Less",springboard
When I was first looking at UX design courses I was in between Springboard and General Assembly. I choose Springboard because they were very attentive from the very beginning. I had trouble with my sign up and a advisor helped me along the entire way.... Read More I cannot find a single con about the program. If I had to find something I would say that I wish there was more group projects. I did feel a little lonely sometimes doing all the projects along.Read Less,springboard
I can't say I was expecting to take another bootcamp. What sold me was that they assign you to a real company for a quick consulting project and the Job guarantee. It makes me a lot more comfortable knowing me and my educational incentives are aligned.... Read More Why choose springboard: - weekly mentor calls - monthly payment option if you want to do this full time - broad: goes over google analytics and salary negotiation - 4 projects for your portfolio - The Industry project was real consulting work- So far I am impressed by the job search portion and its weekly requirementsWhy not choose springboard: - You have trouble being self motivated (its mostly online) - Curriculum can be repetitive - If you goal is to explore the field of UX/UI I would recommend an in person class (when such things return)Read Less,springboard
"I am currently a student at Springboard's UI/UX Design career Track. So far the experience has been good. There is a lot of support to guide you on your journey. I switched from the software engineering track to the UI/UX design track. I was scared that... Read More I wouldn't be able to do it since I found that I really enjoyed designing more than coding. Luckily, they were very accommodating for my situation and all my needs and questions were met. The experience has been really good that I would take Springboard again!Read Less",springboard
"Listen, guys. Design jobs don't grow on trees. It's a very competitive market, I'll be the first to be straight with you about it. It's a bit like being both a businessman and an artist. We are here, mainly, to solve problems. They come in all varieties... Read More such as socio-economic issues, app functionality, matters of convenience and satisfaction, and visual aesthetics. It's hard to be good at them all. The UX career track at Springboard will give you your fair share of experience in each until you come to understand what it is about UX that you are best at. For me, it's research and strategy. I can hold my own all the way through the design process, but I find the most joy thinking about the why's, and bringing insights into design. I like to solve problems on a systemic level.As for the course, it's a highly sufficient curriculum that has enabled me to feel confident as I continue to learn design. The program has well vetted UX mentors that are industry veterans and are quite successful. And, the team of career coaches I've interacted with has been top quality. These people are true professionals and THEIR job is to get YOU a job. That's a promise.But, it's still all on you. Make no mistake. A career transition isn't for the feint of heart, especially design. The good thing is that we are makers, so you should never stop making something. Never stop learning, and be courageous. And, be prepared to work for free or below your 'paygrade' (at first).I am currently working on various passion projects that I will add to my portfolio in addition to the three projects I completed through the Springboard curriculum. Be mindful, you who are reading this, that UX isn't something you stop learning. I know there is a lot of information out there, though, and it can be overwhelming. Springboard was a great pathway for me to understand UX in principle and in process. But, don't stop with what they give you or it won't be enough. With that foundation of knowledge and experience, I've been able to further investigate principles I enjoy, and find methods that fit my needs and specific style. Springboard teaches design thinking, but there are other umbrellas of UX understanding such as CX and User-centered design, which Springboard introduces briefly.Being a problem solver, I revolve around the core of UX, which is finding pain points. I've also incorporated a problem solving framework called customer jobs aka jobs to be done. I'm also investigating systems thinking and system's diagramming to use in tandem. These are just examples of many different UX frameworks you can add to your metaphorical toolbelt. Just find what you gravitate to. It's equally important to spend time designing and working with others. Other designers are your allies, but don't get too caught up in trying to be everyone's friend. Building meaningful relationships means being professional first. Add value to get value. Be genuine and authentic, seriously. Just be you.Being you is very important because design interviews are really hard. You have to be tenacious the same as any jobsearch, but you are going to basically be auditioning many times during interview rounds. Jobs will want to see how you design and how you will work with their team. So, prepare well for the mock interviews, which are effectively the finals for the UX course, or you won't get the job guarantee that comes with the course, and you may not even get a job even after all that. But, without risk there is no reward. And, so long as you put 100% into your projects, you will be a confident enough designer to showcase your work in an interview.I found a home in design because of Springboard. I truly believe that. My first love is writing, and always will be. But, I couldn't pass up the opportunity to be a problem solver by trade. I used Springboard to get an idea I had off the ground, and I'm so glad I did. It's the right place for me. I like making things and solving problems.Read Less",springboard
"Pros: Mentorship, resume review, interview practice, constructive reviews from mentors and career coaches, self-paced course, regular check ins from mentors and flexible options in terms of course completion deadlines. Cons: Fully loaded course. Can get... Read More overwhelming at times. But just keep progressing.Read Less",springboard
The curriculum involves mostly materials you could find online on your own if you truly dig down. But I think the same can be said for any type of schooling. Where the program really shines is in having the mentors connect with students on a weekly basis.... Read More This experience has been invaluable.Read Less,springboard
"I completed Springboard Data Analytics Career Track. It had a great curriculum that provides technical training and utilizing Python, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, and Excel. Study cases were useful to improve technical skills. The mentor and career coach services... Read More were very helpful.Read Less",springboard
"I have started the Data Science Career Track in October 2019. It is basically a 6-month Data Science program with 4 mock interviews and 2 Capstone Projects. Even if you can work at your own pace, you need to put the dedication of 15/24 hours per week... Read More to finish the course within 6 months. However, there are options of a break from 1 to 3 weeks and a three month extension for free if you managed to finish at least 50% of your course during the original 6-month period. You have two attempts to pass each mock interview if you want to maintain your job guarantee at the end of the course. Career coaches however are very supportive and informative, especially on how to ace your interviews and how to build your portfolio and network in finding a job. Customer service is also excellent in answering your inquiries in an informative and timely manner. Pros:- Offers unlimited mentor advice through the curriculum- Excellent on how to build your job portfolio and network as well as how to ace your interviewsCons:- Some assignment instructions are vague. Needed extra guidance from mentor and Google search to understand how to complete some assignments.Read Less",springboard
"Pro's: . Amazing team that will stand by you day and night with whatever crosses your path. Great support! Springboard will work with whatever you need.. Really nice and motivating platform. Good exercises. Real life experience with the IDP. If you live... Read More in the right location, there are a lot of payment options. Great extra features like a mentor and business coach who preps you from interviews, to workfloor to presentations to give you a full backpack of recourses and skills. 6 month job guarantee if you live in USA or Canada. Stay connected even after the course with a career coachCONS:. Mentor is a hit or miss but you can easily talk to springboard about this and they match you with another one. Can be a bit pricey. Sometimes the exercises are a little bit excessive, especially in the beginning. Some chapters are not elaborated enough while others are too detailed.Overall great experience and would highly recommend!! The UX UI course is normally 9 months but I was able to work on it full time and finished it in 5 months. Im not looking for a job right now but the industry seems very promising and Im not too worried to find a job once I start applying. Springboard has a 6 month job guarantee as well and they help you even prep for interviews and what to do to find a job etc.Read Less",springboard
"Overall, I think it's a great program to learn the fundamentals and basics of UX. But I especially really liked the mentorship they provided along with the course. For someone who's transitioning into the field it was nice having a mentor who, not only... Read More gave me constructive feedback on my projects, but gave me practical industry related advice as well. And yes, a lot of the curriculum consists of a lot of articles and videos that you can find yourself online. And I also wish that they offered more videos than articles because it's definitely is a lot of reading. But as someone who needed structure and a flow when learning UX, Springboard's curriculum offers just that. Pros: - Unlimited mentorship advice through the curriculum - Complete 3 portfolio ready projects - Work at your own pace - Mini-internship experience with an actual company that you can add to your portfolio and resume  - A cheaper option compared to other bootcampsCons: - There's a lot of reading and not enough video instruction - Some assignment instructions are vague and I needed extra guidance from my mentor to understand how to complete some assignments(These are minor complaints tho, I really had a good experience with Springboard overall. 10/10 would recommend!!)Read Less",springboard
Pros: Flexibility in scheduleWell rounded curriculumPractical (practice based) curriculumSupportive staffMentor ledCareer assistanceCons:Sometimes feels isolating being online but the Slack community helpsIf you are not driven the flexibility can be challenging... Read MoreRead Less,springboard
I really enjoyed this course and it has changed how I think about the world. I now design my life differently and go about things more organized than before. I loved the one-on-one mentor who helped me stay motivated to complete the course. I also really... Read More enjoyed the UX design project where I got to work with someone in the field. I’m interested in EdTech and they found someone within that as well. I highly recommend this course!Read Less,springboard
"I attended the Data Science Career Track bootcamp for a little over 6 months. The curriculum is a combination of DataCamp courses, Harvard lectures and projects. If you do the career part of the curriculum, you receive a job guarantee. You get weekly... Read More 1:1 calls with a mentor, projects support, online community support, career coach calls, and student advisor help. Overall, it was a good curse for the money I invested in it, and I would recommend others to do it.Read Less",springboard
"After completing the UX career track at Springboard I felt fully equipped to take what I had learn and proceed in a new career direction. There is a lot of material to cover and even more that is optional, so you really get out as much as you put in.... Read More My favorite part was the 1:1 mentoring, the expert guidance really helped me stay on track, move in the right direction and get a much better understanding of concepts. Also I'm working with the career services team now while job hunting and they have been so great. I've never really had the support or guidance like this before, it has been so helpful and beneficial. I would definitely recommend Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"I reviewed a lot of bootcamps before I ended up with a Springboard and I’m absolutely happy with it.Wonderful customer service and career coaches, great curriculum, studying at your own path, 3 portfolio projects and lots of connections at the end of... Read More the course. Best decision I could make. Definitely recommend if you would like to make a career change.Read Less",springboard
"I have really enjoyed my course at Springboard, the 1:1 mentorship, career coaching, and industry project were highlights of my course. I believe the job assistance is very helpful, they stay accountable to their promises and you stay accountable to your... Read More deliverables. I really enjoyed my industry project as I received 1st hand experience as a UX Researcher/ Designer. It is a great course that you can take remotely and I highly recommend it!Read Less",springboard
Springboard has a great curriculum that explains the UX design process while implementing hands on learning with projects. You also get a personal industry expert mentor who you speak with every week and even get to speak with career coaches throughout... Read More the course that help with the job searching. I would highly recommend this course for anyone trying to start a career in User experience.Read Less,springboard
"Overall, this was a really good, solid program. I am a trained graphic designer but have been UX-curious for several years. I had done a few Lynda/LinkedIn courses as well as joined the Interactive Design Foundation and felt like this course would be... Read More a piece of cake. It wasn't. The course plan was excellent: it covered a LOT - far more than in any of the courses I had taken until that point. My mentor was rigorous, too. I have been a designer for 20+ years and have a fantastic work ethic. But he pushed back on me and challenged my decisions (all in a good way). There were only 2 negatives: you will NOT complete this course in 6 months. Even if you were a full time student, there will be interviews and other logistics that you will have to set up where you are at the mercy of external factors. And, most important, because this is a *currated* course that draws mostly from other's work, it can at times lack consistency. It can be minor, but I felt that if you pay attention, you can read 2 pieces that may contradict each other. Without recognition from Springboard and guidance, it can be a little confusing.Read Less",springboard
"Overall, I am really satisfied with the program. For someone who didn't have much coding experience, I've accomplished a lot. If you are coming from a related background, it could be even more beneficial. Mentors, teaching assistants and career coaches... Read More are very helpful.Read Less",springboard
"I have recently completed the Data Science Career Track at Springboard and am very pleased with the overall experience. I believe that the 1-on-1 mentorship is the real strength of this course along with all the projects that give great hands on experience.... Read More It is extensive and can take a long time to complete but the course is designed in a way that people without technical backgrounds and strong coding skills should not feel lost. If like me you do have a coding background, while the initial portions of the course may seem easy, there is a great variety of resources that are great for review. The team at Springboard is also supportive and flexible allowing you to proceed at your own pace offering breaks and extensions when applicable. The career support is also an important aspect of the course and the career coaches take time to help you optimize your job search and narrow down what you really want. It is expensive but I believe the resources provided give you all the opportunity to get your money's worth. Finally I would like to add that while there are flexible methods of payment, some allowing you to pay a majority of the course fees after completing the course and getting a job, a lot of these options were exclusive to American citizens when I applied. The job guarantee does cover Toronto, which is where I am based, so I would love Springboard to provide similar options of payment for Canadian citizens.Read Less",springboard
"I am very happy with the lessons on SpringBoard. The lessons are very clear and easy to understand. The units and sub-units are organized in a very logical manner. One of the things that I like the most is the way that the sub-unit and unit quizzes are... Read More structured. You're able to re-take the quizzes as many times as you like, each time with different questions. If you get an answer wrong, or even if you get it right, but feel that you don't entirely understand the material, you can reveal a step by step solution. By taking the quizzes repeatedly I was able to truly learn the material until I understood it fully. My mentor was also a great help. He was very supportive and was able to direct me to additional material to help me practice the areas that I was having trouble with.Read Less",springboard
"Overall: Will recommend if you're trying to gain an overview of the UX design process. Particularly useful if you have a graphic/visual design background. What worked for me: Excellent support and career services. Unlimited on-demand mentor calls. Provides... Read More support beyond the curriculum (job search strategy, networking). What could be better: Assigned mentor may not be proficient in every aspect of the program. Not a big deal since there's always on-demand mentor calls. Program takes more like 7-8 months to complete (instead of 6). Support services is very helpful and will likely grant you an extension when you write in.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is not as expensive as other bootcamps, but it provides the same if not more value than many others. I think what I appreciated most about my experience was the fact that I had a personal mentor to check in with every week. I could ask questions... Read More and receive immediate feedback on projects so that I was clear on what I was doing. The job guarantee is just icing on the cake.Read Less",springboard
"1. I spent 600 hours to finish the Springboard Data Science career track; the whole process is difficult. However, I make it.	2. The weekly 1:1 mentor calling encourages me a lot and the mentor is very professional, which is the best part of springboard.... Read More 3. The support team career coach and student advisor are also very helpful.Read Less",springboard
"I am overall very happy with my experience at Springboard. The best part by far is the fact that they pair you with a mentor. My mentor was a UX lead at a very well known company, and was incredibly helpful throughout the course. Another reason I chose... Read More this particular bootcamp was because they offer an industry design project, where you get to gain real experience through working with a real company. I feel so much better about my resume and portfolio after completing that project. I learned a lot during my capstone project, but since I was learning, I'd probably do a lot differently looking back. I'm much more proud of my industry design portfolio project, since it was done after I had basically gone through everything else in the course, and I was really able to use all of my new skills and add value to the client's product. I definitely would recommend Springboard!Read Less",springboard
"This is an honest and sincere review with the only intention to inform others about a very real experience. Are you seeking a career change? Have you been lured by promises of better compensation and opportunity? Don't be fooled by individuals from the... Read More placement-team who will tout falsified job placement percentages as evidence of better professional outcomes. The entire team at Springboard India, from executive and management to placements and instructors, have absolutely no idea what's going on, and as long as they're getting your money by selling you on the hope of a new career, they don't care. My experience with this bootcamp can be summed up as follows: Attending Springboard india data science track was the single most disastrous professional and financial decision I've ever made. For months prior to making the decision to attend a bootcamp, I spent time doing my due diligence and actually spoke with grads and the placements team before applying, and I was assured that job prospects were ""good"" and that ""industry relationships"" were abundant. This was the sole reason I was willing to pay an exorbitant fee for a skill I could have learned from books and videos online, however by all appearances myself and my entire class have been misled. Remember, for every good review you see on here, there is a bias because students are threatened with retribution for criticism or bad reviews. For every bad review you see on here, there are probably a dozen other students who feel similarly but are unable to say so because they're desperate for any help after spending 6 months and 1.95lakh on a program. Personally, I've been struggling for more than a reasonable interval to find consistent, well-paying work. The time and finacial investment required and subsequent failure to find work ended a long term relationship. Maintaining a flexible schedule for interviews that never seem to happen means I can't find consistent, steady-paying work in other fields. My advice to those of you who are considering a switch to a programming vocation: buy some books (Big Nerd Ranch et al.), watch videos (UDEMY, TeamTreeHouse, etc), and develop your own projects instead of making the mistake I made by trusting the paid representatives of a bootcamp. I can say whole-heartedly that this program should be avoided - save yourself the money! Please do not attend this bootcamp. I'm giving a fair warning to anyone who is thinking about attending. Do your research and you can see this is a very flawed curriculum, Reader should keep in mind that most graduates don't want to leave negative reviews about the bootcamp they attended because they are still relying on the bootcamp to help them find employment. It's twisted. You can't find much credible negative information online regarding bootcamps. Find a few graduates of *the* program you're considering taking at the bootcamp you want to attend, email them or find them on LinkedIn, and ask them lots of questions. This is how you will get an honest review.Read Less",springboard
"I started this Spring board India data science Career track program with a broken promise that I will become a Data Scientist in 6 months and get 40-60%hike on my current pay. But trust me, they have made their course in a way, that you will never be... Read More able to complete it on time and further the curriculum is not at all appropriate. Basically, it contains YouTube links and a few modules of Datacamp. There is no one to monitor your performance and the Q &amp; A sessions are just a waste of time. Trust me guys, this program is not designed for students to be successful. Not a single assignment was graded or was any feedback given. Save yourself the time and money. The stuff learned here didn't even help me to get a UNPAID internship. Spring board is one of the most expensive bootcamps out there. It is definitely not worth the money they ask.Read Less",springboard
Springboard india job assistance is so weak and frustrated.You work a career coach and your favorite career coach suddenly left and you have to adjust yourself new career coach and story again starts.Sp network is just trash and collaboration among the... Read More alumni is under the required level.If you want to be hired any company look for different boot camp.Beware of Springboard IndiaRead Less,springboard
"This program is guided by 1:1 industry expert mentor. Along with curriculum and projects it provides a hands on experience on data science career. Mentors, advisors are helpful, good curriculum. This experience is helpful in gaining skills in several... Read More areas such as Python, SQL, data analysis, data visualization, hypothesis testing, and machine learning.Read Less",springboard
"Skip past the 5 star reviews, they're by instructors and TAs who were once students here, but never held a job where production level code was necessary. They failed to get a job because this place fails at preparing you for any technical role, so they... Read More come back to teach... Till you pay money they keep on call you. Once paid they do not attend your calls and they disappear. Do not join with them. They are only good in marketing, once you opt for the course you will find amateur mentors who will give you PDF book. And worst part mentor or tutor leaves the session in between and postpones and cancels, classes never starts and they get delayed by months. Join only if you want to lose your money and not to learn or earn. Poor experience with staff. Many of them are not helpful and cater towards keeping their numbers high. If you fall behind, you're on your own. The material they teach is cutting edge with means of the programming machine learning tools, but not the most useful for industry if you are looking for an actual job in data and analytics. Though the curriculum boasts lot of concepts, the approach to learning data science is totally mismanaged. Fundamentals are assumed to be known or need to learn by yourself. The program has been myopically focused on generating more revenue (students), and devotes the bare minimum of resources to graduates. The core product of the program (getting someone a job) was never well developed, but because of Macro trends (Hot Tech Market and Data Science Buzz) this went unattended. Now the tide has gone out and this program is swimming naked. Check your expectations … you won’t be hired by a prestigious company, have a strong brand or alumni community To spring board management; There is a lack of Leadership, Vision and Passion . Stop reading your own press releases about the future of education, and fix your product… Reduce # of students going through the program, &amp; focus on outcomesRead Less",springboard
"I started this Spring board India data science Career track program with broken promises. Before enrolling the school GUARANTEED A FULL TIME JOB OR A FULL REFUND. None of it has happened. The first month was great the easy stuff. The months moving forward... Read More I was assigned about 7 different mentors. Reasons being they did not know data science or they would direct me to google. A lot of times the mentors would complain about the low rate of pay. If they didn't like you or if you did not meet a certain requirement they would again point you to google or say they don't know the subject matter. About 75 % of the Q &amp; A's I registered for were cancelled, no reason was given. The curriculum is outdated and old it is a lot of reading and more reading. The mentors are not experienced at all. They just come to collect a paycheck and update their skills on the expense of the students. The school does not monitor the mentor sessions or the Q &amp; A sessions which are just a waste of time. The slack channel your questions will go unanswered or if they answer it they will shame you and point you to an article on how to ask questions. I was not a professional programmer I was a student looking to learn. This program is not designed for students to be successful. Not a single assignment was graded or was any feedback given. Save yourself the time and money go buy the same course on udemy for $10 bucks. Employers do not look at education they look what can you build. The stuff learned here I was not even able to get a UNPAID internship. spring board is one of the most expensive bootcamps out there. And naturally, I thought it would be one of the best out there. It also had so many good reviews. Now, I think they remove all the bad reviews and just keep the good ones. It is definitely not worth the money they ask. The curriculum is not that great and teachers are fine but pacing is just awful. Also, I can not stress this enough. You can not, You can not learn programming and become developer in few weeks. If you put effort and time, you can get same resources provided by springboard all over internet. Do not go here.Read Less",springboard
"It's been almost one year I'm in the field of data science. Clearly, this course not at all design for working professionals, or I guess for no one who wants to learn Data Science.  Content: After spending almost 7 months on the Springboard curriculum... Read More I guess i'm eligible to review this course content as unsatisfactory. I can guarantee this if you only study springboard DSC content, it will lead you nowhere and you won't be able to crack the interview.I had to go to multiple sources to understand the concept after reading what springboard is offering in its course(Data Camp videos and other free content) and slowly I was able to understand there are lots of free tutorials available outside which give more precise and informative content and realized why did I pay close to 2 lakhs for such poorly designed content. Expectations:Being a noob in any field, students seek to get the base ready and then start constructing buildings on top of it. But this course content is nowhere near to create the base for you.Job Guarantee ?It's been 4 months since I've completed the course. Till now I didn't get a single call for an interview.Career support doesn't mean sending job links and ask students to apply. I can do way better on my own.I really feel I've wasted my precious year and hard-earned money. **BIG NO TO THIS COURSE**Read Less",springboard
"I am currently enrolled in Springboard. This program is a complete joke. The curriculum is just a few articles and drills. You have a ""mentor"" who is supposed to answer questions and help you along the way. My mentor regularly just tells me to google... Read More things. They claim that is the best way to learn. If all I'm doing is googling then why pay them 1.95 lakhs I tried to talk to my program manager who was very unhelpful also. I have been very displeased with this program from day 1.They label themselves as self paced but in fact they have a schedule they want you to keep to and you HAVE TO have meeting a week with your mentor. If you don't finish the program in 6 months you don't the job guarantee so I feel so much pressure to finish on time, when all I wanted was to be able to work at my own pace.Would not recommend this to anyone. You're better off googling and taking free courses online.Read Less",springboard
"The pros of this course outweigh the cons. I found having access to mentors a real token to my success. Some weeks I would meet with mentors upwards to 6 times, and even with my hectic schedule they were still extremely accommodating. I always received... Read More honest feedback, and it was never sugar-coated. I think this straightforward upfront approach is what led to my success throughout the course. Now that the course is over, I see the things from my mentors' feedbacks on what I need to continue to work on to make myself the ideal candidate. I have begun working with the career services department. Originally, this process seemed a bit shaky because of their new hires. However, I have found a few career advisors that I believe know how to make employers see that I do have what is capable of a data analyst. I overall recommend this course, and it will show you your strengths and weaknesses throughout the units.Read Less",springboard
"I love this projects based boot camp since it not only covers knowledge on advanced excel, SQL and Python programming and data visualization, but also help you make connection and prepare for interview. It is good for someone who try to switch career... Read More to data analysis. It is worth to spend time to learn here. My mentor works in Microsoft and he provided valuable advice on my project.Read Less",springboard
"The pros of this program is that there are no set times to log in and no hard due dates. My work life wouldn't allow me to a structured school schedule so Springboard was perfect. The con is not a total con, just a con for me. I would say the weekly mentor... Read More meetings were not my fav. Yes, I like having someone to ask questions to if I needed help, but I rarely needed help so the mandatory meetings that could've been an update email was a waste for me personally. But I will say if you aren't a self-starter and you need that push, you would love s mentor.Read Less",springboard
Pros:- Career coaches and calls are really helpful during the job search- Weekly mentor calls / unlimited mentors have helped me honed in my technical and critical thinking skills- Two end to end capstone projects that made me really think about how I... Read More wanted to solve the problem- Lots of small assignments that really tests your capabilitiesCons:- Some of the materials were barely touched on / needed outside resource to better understanding- Wish some of the projects were more hands on based rather than just videos- Difference between difficulty of learning a material and applying it to a project was pretty bigRead Less,springboard
Springboard curriculum is well designed and useful if you want to learn Data Analytics.Springboard has a unique concept of 1:1 career coaching and mentor calls which is very beneficial. Curriculum is good but material could have been better. Although... Read More lots of mini projects and Capstones give you better understanding of the subject.I would recommend SpringBoard if you are looking for not just a course but overall development.Read Less,springboard
"1) the program was poorly constructed. It seemed to be quickly woven together from two main resources (DataCamp videos and exercises and free online Harvard lectures) without any clear and cohesive way to learn the material. I've learned more outside... Read More of the program in the last few months from Medium articles and books about the nuts and bolts of data science than I learned from Springboard's entire program. 2) My mentor did not really mentor. She provided some guidance and would respond sparingly to emails. The practice of allowing students to speak with a mentor more than once per week began toward the end of my tenure. It was a case of ""too little, too late."" The ""mentorship"" was sold as a defining feature, but, frankly, I found it to be lacking. 3) Since leaving the program, I have found that there is a significant bias against it in my local area. When potential employers learn that I have a certificate from Springboard, they turn up their noses. Frankly, I wish that I could get my money back.Read Less",springboard
"I completed the course and I would say that I really gained so much knowledge on Machine Learning and other aspects of Data Science in this career track. The mock interviews were great, and the 1:1 with real industry really changed everything. My mentor... Read More helped me in both of my Capstone projects. Also, the curriculum of Springboard was very well organized and structured, which was really helpful all along the way!! Overall, it was a great experience for me, and I would definitely recommend this program to anyone wanting to transition into this field.Read Less",springboard
"The Data Science course at Springboard was really a pleasant experience for me. The course was really good, especially the mentor meetings which not only gave me opportunity to clear my doubts but also got new insights in the field of data science. The... Read More mock interview was really good in terms of getting oneself to revise what one has learned so far. The course material, exercises, mini-projects and projects were really good to get the concepts clear. A big thanks to the Springboard team.Read Less",springboard
On the content part of the course it was mostly curated although the flow of content helps in planning studies. The steal deal was the career guidance. This is something which I never thought of also. The career coaches are really skilled to making you... Read More ready for going through any interview.Read Less,springboard
"Attending this program helped in transition from a different field to Data Science Domain. I am fortunate to had a wonderful mentor who supported me to be successful. I think from curriculum perspective, Springboard needs to work little more.Job search... Read More guidance is helpful but not up to the mark as Expected.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard managed to build a confidence in me when I first started looking out. I am currently pursuing the Data Science Career Track program. Because Data Science is a subject that requires depth knowledge and dedication, they’ve made sure to keep... Read More it fun and is a combination of almost any quality resource that that could contribute in your learning process. It has been a knowledge gaining and learning diverse perspectives to different cases for me.Read Less",springboard
"This course uniquely plugged the gaps I had in my resumé as I transition back to industry:1. Mentoring. A perfect match for me, my mentor was friendly with a great eye for detail and broad industry knowledge. Legendary.2. Up-to-date industry tools. I... Read More learned the Python suite fairly well. There's always more to learn, sure, but this was the right platform/foundation.3. Career coaching. They have a sound plan and encourage me to follow it through!4. Portfolio projects. These were so much fun to do, makes me confident I will enjoy my future job!Read Less",springboard
"Things you'll like about this course:1. The curriculum contains up-to-date sourced articles and videos, which are in systematic order. 2. The capstone project and plenty of practice excercises makes sure you throughly understand what you learn.3. Regular... Read More mentor calls, community calls, peer interaction are all scheduled to keep you motivated and on track to complete the course.4. I haven't explored their career coaching to its full potential yet. But it seems to be pretty solid and I am confident of securing a job in the future.5. I can access the course on any device, anytime. So learning doesn't stop.6. Apart from the course, you will be encouraged to start networking, update your resumes, join various UX/UI groups.. so that you can start getting involved in the industry, really early.Problems you can face :1. The course is lengthy.. (it covers both UX and UI) So be prepared to take out the required number of hours to successfully complete the course.2. It can be expensive to take out that much money for an online course. But they have EMI option to battle this issue.3. Studying all by yourself can slow you down. The Springboard team will help you get through this.Hope this helps.Read Less",springboard
"I am currently pursuing the Data Science Online course at Springboard and in my honest opinion I have found it to be best course by far. The thing I really like about Springboard is that you get a chance to be mentored by an individual who is already... Read More working in Data science field and that personally for me is the USP of the course. In the past years, I have tried learning Data science a couple of times from online learning platforms but had failed to do so mostly because after a certain point a push was needed to go that extra mile but it never happened. I am in no way saying that those courses were not good but mostly it was due to the fact no one asked me why I stopped or held me accountable, which is not the case with Springboard. Furthermore, the content is tailored using different resources from across the internet and made available in their learning portal. In my perspective, it is a very good thing and saves a lot of hours of googling for resources.Read Less",springboard
"I am a student of the Data Science Career Track course by Springboard, and I’d like to share my view. 1. The content is exhaustive and it is very easy to understand with strong foundations of basics (both Python and Statistics). 2. I’ve had very good... Read More experiences with mentorship and career services. The mentor has been instrumental in my projects portfolio, because of a mentor I’ve had variety to show prospective recruiters and he’s the reason why I’m positive regarding working and studying in this challenging scenario of corona. The career coach has helped me craft a unique job search strategy which is tailor made, and we have worked upon my linkedin profile and my resume. 3. There is a lot of hands on in Python in the form of projects and capstone projects. And here the capstone comes in between the course so that all that which has been learnt can be displayed and there are 3 capstones, others offer 1 and that too at the end of the programme. 4. All projects, capstone projects have the business flavour which can be shown on my profile. 5. Now they offer online classes as well. 6. They provide Job Guarantee even in this scenario where furloughing is at peak. And that is applicable in Delhi NCR, for the profile of my choice. This is very brave according to me. Having said these pros, I would say that nothing happens without self discipline and consistency. The student has to stay committed and make daily progress, that is the key. I would recommend this course, more details here https://india.springboard.com/npf/data_science_course_wpms/?utm_source=Google&amp;utm_medium=cpc&amp;utm_campaign=Brand_Search&amp;utm_adgroup=&amp;utm_creativeid=383462346207&amp;utm_campaignid=6442962918&amp;utm_adgroupid=79716989271&amp;utm_keyword=%2Bspringboard&amp;utm_matchtype=b&amp;utm_device=c&amp;utm_sitelink=%7Bsitelink%7D&amp;gclid=CjwKCAjw_qb3BRAVEiwAvwq6VmSthBrLtRr4QxG-rQSrhI6zU0HaWH-Sm98Gim4tgyz90ncLRtK73BoCzGMQAvD_BwERead Less",springboard
"I am currently a student of Data Science Career Track at Springboard (April 2020 cohort) and guess I am fairly informed to narrate my experience so farCourse ContentThe course content is curated and consists of a wide variety of topics (right from Programming... Read More fundamentals and Statistics to start with) in a proper flow which enables synchronous learning. The content is sourced from a wide range of partners like DataCamp, LinkedIn Learning and Youtube and given these sources themselves update their content on a regular basis, you always get the latest and most updated material. For a field like Data Science, updated curriculum becomes a must-have.Assignments and Mini ProjectsYou have plenty of them to continuously supplement your learning of concepts with hands-on. For someone who has a non-technical background previously, this becomes essential so as to not feel overwhelmed with lots of coding and no hand-holding initially.MentorshipYou get matched with an industry mentor who has nearly similar years of experience in the industry. Not only does this foster a match in terms of mindset but also ensures a very open conversation flow between the two. Additionally, your mentor will direct you to a lot of additional online materials to supplement your learningEg:- My mentor has 6+ years of experience (same as mine)Office HoursWhile the weekly office hours are on a wide range of topic and not necessarily related to your progress on the course (not sure if that is even possible given a rolling cohort model of admission), they are a great insight into how Data Science is applied in the industry and the speakers give a lot of leads in terms of additional materials related to the topic of discussion. A brief note down of such leads act as great supplementary material when you are actually learning the topicGeneral Tips to benefit from any online MOOC/BootcampData Science, as a pathway, requires continuous learning beyond standard classroom methodology and the more materials you refer to while building your foundational concepts, the better your understanding will be.Springboard’s course gives you that direction and streamlines your learning path along with a mentor who will help you navigate in this journey.PS:- This is not a paid/biased review since I chose Springboard after going through several online bootcamp offerings (GreyAtom, Lambda School, RMOTR etc. For any further details on this, plese feel free to DM me. While I might not be a data science expert yet, however I am happy to guide you in terms of how to leverage this career track and stay motivated all the way through.And regarding the worthyness of the course, having invested my heard-earned money into this, it’s highly recommended with the caveat that be prepred to grill yourself and as long as you keep up your motivation high, you will definitely see the benefit of this learning journey as you proceed along.Read Less",springboard
"I was dejected with the state of online education back in 2018-19 since most of the online resources including certificate courses, audits, diplomas were a bunch of knowledge updating platforms with none of the core realities of getting a job post graduation... Read More or building up practical portfolios with 14+ projects. That's where Springboard helped the most - to build the knowledge, to build a portfolio and to ensure that I landed a job within the realm of data science and analytics.Within the first 3 months of my course, I had received a number of job offers and I started my current job by the 5th month. It was pleasantly surprising that the Career Services team was really dedicated and incentivized to help the learns make a career jump or transition. Finally, having a mentor with whom you could regularly interact and have 1-on-1 sessions was a huge upgrade from other courses. This allowed me to understand the industry a lot better, adopt best practices and learn from their mistakes which would not have been possible otherwise.Read Less",springboard
Springboard has great curriculum. It will guide you till the end. The mentors are great and the student advicers and support people are amazing too. They really want to help you in completing the course. Also they have various modes of payment . They... Read More have various practise portals as well. Highly recommended.Read Less,springboard
Course content are from you-tube and medium which are free in internet and you're going to pay for the Same.Job Accessibly is like they will forward the link from the LinkedIn jobs (you can get that easily if you pay LinkedIn directly) Course Fee is 1.95lac... Read More and they will give in 1.65lac after this you have to pay in emi from propell(Third party).but the Course is not worth of 1.65lac. it could hav been for free the only thing good in the course is their fancy Portal.for more information contact me over linkdlen - https://www.linkedin.com/in/bijaykahar/will you guide you properly. and save your lacs.Read Less,springboard
"I have joined the course 5 months back and this is my experience so far;• Content of the Course:The Data content what I am exploring in the course seems not adding any value to my knowledge.All assignments given are only fill in the blanks.Further I observed... Read More many concepts are repeating in various exercises which are simply dragging the curriculum and which result in losing the interest.When saw many of the study materials, are YouTube links. I can get this material freely even without this course.I understand it is curated content, but I didn't expected the content from YouTube or any of such freely available sources.Somewhere I feel the content does not worth the money Springboard is charging.• Springboard Support &amp; Career Support:Even after 5 months I have completed just 20% of total course. But nobody had approaches asking for or understanding my issues. Once paid money, everyone becomes nowhere.I reported many low ratings in feedbacks, but couldn't get any response from anyone.I am getting a feeling like I am loosing interest in this course due to what I am experiencing.And I must say, Getting extension and pause to the course actually spoiling my intention towards Data science field. That's not a good option as they claim.• Office Hours Experience (Technical Expertise calls)The office hours what are conducted every week doesn't seems to be adding any value to me, as the quality of lectures are not up to the mark.I personally stopped attending the office hours due to disappointment.• My Experience as being from non-programming background:Being from non tech background, I was expecting something which encourages me to go step forward and learn more and more in this field. But this curriculum made me doubt my credibility itself.• One Liner conclusion:I haven't paid this much huge amount for YouTube videos or to loose my interest in this field.Read Less",springboard
"I would recommend Springboard to anyone looking for career transition/advancement who wants to keep an open schedule. If I had the choice again, I would absolutely choose Springboard over an in-person program. Having the whole course online meant I set... Read More my own pace of study and supplemented when I felt necessary. The course material itself is great, with a fair mix of hands-on exercises and video lectures. The curriculum is littered with mini-projects for students to practice their new skills further. The best part of the program for me was probably the mentor experience. The weekly meetings are opportunities to not just review your capstone projects, but to learn how to think like a professional. If you ever feel like you need more time to discuss something (and those half hour sessions can feel short), most mentors are available for messaging or possibly even extra sessions. One thing I really liked about the program was the heavy focus on building essential non-technical skills, like networking or storytelling. Thanks to the course material and the career coaches, by graduation, I really felt like I was ready to enter the job market.Here are some changes to the curriculum I would recommend:- Make mini-project reviews more important. While I talked to my mentor about some of them, I never saw a single review in writing. I think this would be a great opportunity to discuss theory and practice code reviews.- Course material needs to be expanded in some key areas.  -Deployment was limited to one Github mini-project and a very high-level overview video. Graduating students should probably have some familiarity with Docker or other software for productionization. - Distributed computing was covered in just two sets of exercises. I'd prefer if there were not just more material on the subject, but some more discussion of the underlying theory. - While this may have been a result of me taking the ""generalist"" track, I felt the material on deep learning was way too light. We were given only one optional exercise that worked with Keras, despite it being the easiest major DL framework to learn and the least likely to be implemented at scale. Even some more optional reading material would have been nice.  In conclusion: if you're a self-starter, someone who likes to set their own schedule and do some of their own research, then pick Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"After using the hype of Springboard in USA, SPRINGBOARD managed to get easy start in India. They got many applicants even at a high price point considering many other MOOCs are way cheaper here. But little did we know that we were going into a sea with... Read More no shores.It has been more than a year when they have started functioning in India with a new batch coming in every month. They threw every heavy word to make us see Gold everywhere when there was only rustic iron. A hope brimmed among Data Science aspirants that (as springboard was saying we were among 20% aspirants they selected) we were going to be successful. Even I was told that they will focus more on us as I was among the initial batches. (Note: They didn't even took a puzzle test that they put up on website. They even lied that my prep course will start immediately just for me to make the payment and then no response for few days. Their marketing guy says any lie he/she can to make you sign up.)At first the course seemed good. Many of us were blinded by the shine Springboard was manufacturing. But mist started to clear after a month. It was all curated content from the internet which was not made clear from the start. I let it go. Their main USP was weekly half hour call with the mentor. Here it comes to Luck which mentor a student get. They didn't had much mentors here to use algorithm to match with mentee, so they just matched as they hired a mentor with no particular reason that why we were matched with that expert. The mentor is someone who has Industry experience yet how can they impart such knowledge in half hour in week. Even if they can guide us, are they really prepared for it or going with the flow? Did Springboard gave any training how their course structure is or what they require from mentor to do for mentee? A Big No. It seemed every mentor was handling their mentee as they could. As feedback from many fellow students, some turned out good and some not so. Thus for many it felt like a gamble of a very large amount. Due to ambition of becoming data scientist and already taking the decision, I moved on.Now we cannot ask every question in half hour with the mentor. So we have Teaching Assistant. They had one who recently graduated from a prestigious engineering college in India. After some of my interaction, my concern was that he was not a good fit for this role as he doesn't have any teaching experience, smart doesn't mean you have the ability to teach or help someone. Many of my questions to him came back to me as another question. Mostly why do you wanna know or in which part of course this question refers too, when the answer could be simple. I raised my concern but in vain. I simply stopped asking questions but googling it myself thus spending more time for answers. Also, their office hours seemed more of a formality.Then there was student advisor who interacts with students and solve their concerns. At start she seemed good, listening to the concerns and trying to solve them. But there were very few students, as the numbers began to increase every month, her response time increased further to a point when it took a month and a half for the my certificate to rectify. But the course went on.There were many parts in the course which seemed very distracted from the course. The difficulty level of a part was sometimes low and then jumped high as we were doing a doctorate on that particular topic. The main part which was Machine learning felt like a game walkthrough than we actually playing the game. Few parts were rushed and few repetitive. But I did not complain, even to myself and used search engine.(Note: According to them we can find everything on the internet so learn to use it.) Their cost was not justified yet I did not squeal.The point where came the breaking point, is their Career services. They give 100% Job Guarantee but all I can see is throwing someone in a deep sea after showing them a video of someone swimming and then asking for the person to swim. I think they are giving this guarantee considering the demand in market and effort by an educated and employed student themselves. It worked in USA but it failed miserably in India. It was all due to lack of vision and effort by the management. The management felt immature, incompetent at first. Then at the course end the management felt even more immature and more incompetent. They did not consider the feedback regarding course being not suited for Indian Market and did not update it. They did not consider so many students who were unsatisfied with the career services. Their career calls ran in a loop and as a pre-recorded tape convincing us that they are working on helping us. This convincing started to feel like manipulation when after 5 months and multiple calls even with career services leads ( Yes lead(s), as their lead changed within a year. Might be fed up with overall management itself), I felt I was where I started from. It seemed they didn't even knew what they were doing. It was at the point when their marketing part was working very very hard to get more numbers in. It was a memorable journey which I wish to forget. If anyone wants to feel the same, then please join Springboard India and I assure you it will be a bumpy ride with a big black hole at the end.Read Less",springboard
"I joined Spring board india Data science Career track in june 2019. here is my experience :I joined spring board india data science career track 2019. here is my experince:If you accept starting with Springboard be ready for-- No job assistance(You will... Read More have to find job yourself)-- 6 months job guarantee is a liar.-- There are lots of unemployment Spring board alumni.-- 30 min mentor time once a week is not sufficient and satisfying.·it’s not worth at all, simply i can say waste of your hard-earned money and waste of time as well. So called mentors will be not available as per the schedules and they don’t spend much time with the students in explaining their doubts or explaining the concept.·Next coming to so called office hours, coding support sessions it’s just for the name sake they fix up the sessions without even asking/discussing our availability time, i can they do as per their need.·They force you to enrol for the course by paying 1.95 Lakhs and they also provide you easy EMI/Loan by third party finance company, after your enrolment they don’t even care/bother about you concerns related to course.·Most imp thing is, they state you like 100%per job guarantee after the successful completion of your course in 6 months but the hard fact is you can’t complete the course within the stipulated time as they mentioned since you don’t get proper support from mentors/support team after your enrolment in any manner and course is not easy at all as they state you while enrolling.·Whenever you try to reach support team/student adviser to discuss your concerns they don’t pick your call many times and if they receive the call they just say will come back to you in few min/EOD or will solve within EOD but you don’t get any solutions on time or they try to convince you as per their needs.·whenever you try to raise your concerns regarding the course, you will get only one statement/answer like you are not attending sessions properly, not following the mentor instructions or you are not spending your time. They will never ever agree their mistakes and listen you concerns as well.·Most pathetic part - When you say i am not satisfied with the course or if you ask for the cancellation and your money back, they simply say we don’t have refund policy at all and they will again try to convince you to the fullest with the flashy words/statements. It’s like mental harassment.·My suggestions please don’t waste your hard money and time as well.·if you are interested to learn data science and to make career transition, we have many institute in Bangalore who offer data science course, ML, AI course with very minimum fee ranges like 15–45k with excellent course structure so please don’t get fool y enrolling Springboard.·All the videos/materials provided by springboard are available for free in YouTube.·When the entire course material is free resources why they are charging 1.95 Lakhs I don’t understand·Mentor ship (mentor call) is something they make as a star of the program. But you will get to interact with your mentor once in a week only for half an hour.·I never got a chance to discuss in detail with my mentor as there was a time constraint (mentor is be not available after 30min)·Springboard is not helpful at all, all they are doing now, are blaming the students.·Whatever the things/words which i explained above, it’s my pathetic experience and wasted money as well.·Now for the curriculum. This was sadly most dissappointing. The course mainly revolves around data camp courses. And then these are supplemented by youtube lectures from Harvard or other institutions that would talk about the subject with the impression that you have intermediate knowledge of the subject matter, despite it being a beginners intro video to a concept. I have had much better success with the self study resources available on the internet, such as youtube tutorials etc. There was no feel of an actual boot camp teaching you, they basically link you to external sources that aren’t theirs.·The whole curriculum is just stuff taken off of the internet or LinkedIn learning. Very little original content. A lot of the content can be found by just doing a basic Google search. Overall this course did not live up to its hype.·I was told that these things do not matter and that you can easily land a job after you get both your projects done. I had done very detailed projects and posted them on github and did everything the career coaches suggested I do. Unfortunately, not a single data science position had reached out to me.·The program is a complete waste of money and time, one more thing, right after I completed my course, got the certification, In certification also they made blunder mistakes they added advanced ML track concepts like time series Analysis and Recommendation systems which is not an part of my NLP track.·They dont know how to deal with students in a cordial way, I will not recommend this to anyone who is serious about learning Datascience, you can find their course on youtube for free·Frankly, I wish that I could get my money back.·I recommend staying away from wasting your money with them.·Don’t fall for false advertising.Read Less",springboard
"Hi All,I am a student of Springboard and sharing real experience with you.First of all, you should know, Springboard is FAKEboard / FRAUDboard.Please don't join this course by seeing high ratings, as we all know these ratings can be biased.I have enrolled... Read More in Springboard India Data Science Career Track (DSC).I was having lots of expectations with this course.But these fraud people, provide you nothing but frustration.Career Coach: No useMentors: No use [ Mentors are even not aware of the curriculum ]Office Hours: No use [This is the most frustrating thing, any xyz will take the session, they don't care about what have learnt or learning, just will come and talk whatever they want]Job Guarantee: It is the biggest lieSo, guys please please save your money.Regards,Subodh KumarRead Less",springboard
"Currently I'm pursuing their Data Science Career Track. These are my honest reviews about this whole course. I will summarize my experience with Springboard India in a precise manner --Pros -- There is not even one positive feature about this course.... Read MoreCons --1. Course content is a complete crap and doesn't prepare one to become a data scientist. Its just a collation of free online videos and some datacamp courses. They hardly have their own content.2. There is no proper support from Technical Assistants.3. No corrective action taken on the feedback given on course content.4. No follow-up from anyone in springboard team on students's progress or any issues they face.5. False promises were given while on-boarding to this course(which I realize now)6. The course is not worth a penny for the exorbitant fees they charge.7. The 1:1 mentor support is not at all useful.9. Office hours are complete useless.10. Career services are hopeless.Now, I regret my decision to opt for this course. I hope my reviews find useful to aspiring data scientists.Read Less",springboard
"I had an awesome experience with Springboard! My mentor always gave me constructive feedback, during our meetings and also via email. The career coaches also did a good job of helping me redesign my resume and gave me important tips regarding the job... Read More search. I especially enjoyed working on the IDP (industry design project) because you get real experience working with an existing company, so to me this helped me the most in preparation for a role in UX.Read Less",springboard
"Trapping People into Joining: I joined Springboard DSC with lot of hopes to make a transition from my current role. There were very less reviews of Springboard India when I joined, now I realized that Springboard team deletes all the negative reviews... Read More for trapping people into this horrible course. I was misguided by the multiple promises made by the admission team during my enrollment. Course Content: Springboard charges Rs.1, 75,000 for the course. The course content doesn’t teach fundamentals which are very important in long run. Not even a 10% of the content is of Springboard’s own content. More than 60% of the course content is from YouTube and CS lectures which are available for free in the internet. For every topic, they redirect you to either YouTube or some articles in the internet. Most of the curriculum revolves around YouTube and Datacamp courses. Even after repeated feedback on the content, they never even tried to change anything in the content. The content should be thoroughly validated by any industry expert.Office Hours: This is a complete waste of one hour session. There is no thinking into conducting these sessions. These are only to attract new students by taking sessions on random topics. They don’t care about the understanding level of students.Support team: There are only two teaching assistants assigned to help all of the Springboard DSC students in India. Whenever someone approaches them with any doubt, they just share an article link without explaining much. Nobody validates the projects/assignments which will be submitted to Springboard as part of their curriculum. There will be no feedback on the projects done.Finally the Springboard management team, they will be calling continuously until you pay the fee, once the fee is paid. They don’t care whether you are doing the course or not. If you have any plans for learning Data Science course, then don’t join Springboard course in particular. There are lots of institutes offering better content at 1/100th of the amount Springboard charges. I Wish, I could get my money back. This post is only to save lot of Data Science enthusiasts from falling into this trap.Read Less",springboard
"No Pros only cons .. am a student of Spring board India or may be was after this post.1. It is not up-to mark to train students for data science.They just make false promises and their curriculum is not up to the standards for which they are charging... Read More huge fee. 2.The 1:1 mentor is other joke made by them. once you join the course there is no follow-up for even 6 month(or more than that) to my knowledge. 3.There is no face to face interaction if you are struck somewhere in middle of course you need to post your doubt and wait for more then 24 -48-72 hour to get the reply back from them(sometime you may even not get your doubt clear).4. No Placement drive organised by them ( So How Job Guarantee?)5. They says that they train students with mock interview and so they gets placed( trust me guys its better to learn yourself and attend 3-4 interviews in real time rather than this mock interview ,though we fail we learn from it.6. The points keeps on continues with cons but i prefer to make a stop here.Read Less",springboard
"Cons: Course-Fee-17,5000/-#SAY NO TO SPRINGBOARD1.Joined Springboard with a aspiration of becoming of data scientist but got totally fooled when i saw the curriculm and the way they are just taking materials from other Ed-tech websites and just serving... Read More us.2.Job gurantee and mentorship is totally very unorganised and very falsely implemented and not at all good .3.There are lot of false promises and many students who are completing the course are not at all satisfied with the course and curriculum and left unemplOyed4.This Course is not going to ""CONVERT YOU A DATA SCIENTIST"" as the curriculm is not well updated and not at all well structured5.They demand huge amount of money for this course which they get it from other edtech websites like khan academy,Datacamp and youtube videos which we can easily get it in small pay6.There cost weekly basis****** WHEN I ASKED FOR REFUND THIS CALCULATION THEY GAVE ME**** Course Fee/Block Payment: Rs. 17,5000/- Course Duration (Weeks) - 32 Per Week Amount - Rs. 5,469/- Duration of Student (Weeks) - 6 months = 24 weeks Total Amount - 5469*24 = 1,31,250/- Total Deduction (round off) - 1,30,000/- Refund amount: 45,000/-***** THIS IS TO TOTALLY FRAUD AND BASELESS PRICE******7.Even nothing was transperent on offer letter about weekly cost and all,they are just fooling around people just to fill there pocket and looting people hard earn money *****OFFICE HOURS IS ANOTHER TWIST IN THE COURSE******-&gt; HERE THEY SAY THAT WE HAVE INDUSTRY EXPERTS WHO WILL GUIDE AND YOU WILL LEARN FROM THEM.SO THE REALITY IS ONCE A WEEK SOME INDUSTRY EXPERT COMES TAKE A ONE HOUR SESSION ON ANY RANDOM TOPIC,FOR THEM IT DOESN'T MATTER WHAT STUDENT UNDERSTANDING LEVEL IS AND TILL WHERE HE HAS COMPLETED HIS TOPIC FOR EXAMPLE: ""YOUR ARE IN FIRST UNIT AND THEY WILL TAKE SESSION ON 8 UNIT""-&gt; THERE COURSE IS TOTALLY GOING TO BRING FRUSTRATION ON YOU MAINLY WHEN YOU ARE WORKING FULL TIME AND DOING THIS COURSE AND PRICE IS NOT AT ALL WORTH THE MONEYCONCLUSION: PLEASE SAVE YOUR MONEY BECAUSE MARKET IS FULL OF FRAUD PEOPLE AND THEY WILL JUST PLAY WITH YOUR DREAM BY LOOTING YOU.#SAY NO TO SPRINGBOARDRead Less",springboard
"One line review for this course : 'a web of deceits'Started this course for a whooping sum of Rs. 1.95 Lakhs, but it ended up being a big disappointment because of the following points :1. Springboard course have no original content : Entire curriculum... Read More of DS career track comprises of haphazard external links from Youtube , Datacamp, khanAcademy and many others. They have simply fooled the students by compiling various mediocre level videos from sources which are either free to access (like KhanAcademy, Youtube) or available at a very less cost for yearly subscription (like DataCamp) . These courses from external sources accounts for majority of the portion of springboard curriculum while only the introductory videos (about 5 minutes) are from springboard.Major Point to be learned : Any budding Data Scientist enthusiast can himself club such resources with a much lesser cost than springboard. The course has repetitive datacamp courses which doesn't explains any concepts, only giving an illusion of learning by giving fill in the blanks type exercises comprising of python and its packages syntaxes memorization.2. Mentorship is a Joke:Springboard courses are backed by its so called 'mentor-ship program', in which a student is promised to be guided by an ""industry expert"" on a weekly basis for half an hour. In these sessions, it was promised that weekly assessments by mentor will take place which will help in crossing any hurdles during the course and in making some ""out of the world"" DS project which will eventually land the student in some fairyland DS Job. Truth &amp; my experience: The course curriculum itself wasn't known properly by the mentor assigned to me. Many times my mentor either asked for postponement of my calls, or took the calls more casually. He wasn't able to help in any way when I was stuck in the curriculum and informed that the curriculum is very inferior and substandard compared to any other courses I have seen. I noticed form the start that the curriculum isn't helping to learn any concept or algorithm and conveyed the same to mentor (It wasn't of any help) . HE simply told to go ahead and trust the course, which eventually led more time wastage and frustration. After a while he didn't even bother to contact me as he already recieved his fees from springboard I guess.3. Teaching assistant, Career Coach - another big liesTA is promised to clear your doubts. However, TAs simply post google search results which I myself could do. Career coaching sessions : This was the biggest fraud of all. These coaches are for helping you polish your linkedin profile and apply cosmetics to your profiles, projects so that they seem enticing to hiring industries. Note this : They aren't teaching anything job/knowledge worthy and want you to fool other people into hiring you (like they have fooled us into taking the course by simply re-packaging Datacamp &amp; Youtube videos under springboard hood)4. Most of the students enrolling in this course aren't able to complete the course because of the poor content of the course, zero help from TAs &amp; Mentor. Even after completing also, this course doesn't teaches anything beyond some python syntax and won't even help in landing even an entry level job anywhere.5. Job Guarantee is another false promise made by springboard people. They don't help in this aspect. A student is supposed to find or attract companies by his own knowledge gained by completing this course (which is irrelevant and insufficient at the least to say)6. Office Hours : Another trickery to make students enroll in the course.They have another concept called Office Hours in which some existing DS working in another big company is supposed to take a class. It happens almost once or twice a month. However, these office hours are of no use to a learning person as they don't teach anything except doing abstract talking about many vague concepts and we are supposed to be amazed at how awesome job is to be a DS.The Best Part of all : After coming to my senses, when I asked for a refund and informed that the curriculum offered is not was I was expecting for my hard earned money and is below average, Springboard people have informed that I have used most of their resources (Youtube and Datacamp) and it isn't possible to give a refund. They aren't even worried about your money, your career or your skill enhancement, once they get their fees.Moral of the story in a line : I wanted to give a zero star rating, however minimum possible is one. Please don't waste your hard earned money on this course.Read Less",springboard
"Joined the data science career track prep program in May 2020, and I'm currently in the full data science career track program. There are a lot of good things to say about the program. The Next.tech platform was really useful and helped me a lot through... Read More the program. The final portfolio project really helped me get a taste of what a Data Scientist does on a day to day basis. If you complete the technical skills survey you'll have a good idea if you have what it takes to enroll in the full course. What Springboard really gets right is the structure of the program and the quality of their mentors and community. Best of all, the prep program is free if you end up going into the full data science career track program.Read Less",springboard
"Six months ago when I was researching on programs in Machine Learning I stumbled across Springboard's ML career track, I was really attracted to the curated curriculum and the mentor support and saw the impact the program could have in helping me achieve... Read More my dreams. Today after graduating from the program i can proudly say these six months of persistent hard-work placed me five years ahead in life. Thanks to everyone who made me the person I am today.Read Less",springboard
"•	If you accept starting with Springboard be ready for -- No job assistance(You will have to find job yourself)-- 6 months job guarantee is a liar.-- There are lots of unemployment Spring board alumni.-- 30 min mentor time once a week is not sufficient... Read More and satisfying.•	it’s not worth at all, simply i can say waste of your hard-earned money and waste of time as well. So called mentors will be not available as per the schedules and they don’t spend much time with the students in explaining their doubts or explaining the concept.•	Next coming to so called office hours, coding support sessions it’s just for the name sake they fix up the sessions without even asking/discussing our availability time, i can they do as per their need.•	They force you to enrol for the course by paying 1.95 Lakhs and they also provide you easy EMI/Loan by third party finance company, after your enrolment they don’t even care/bother about you concerns related to course.•	Most imp thing is, they state you like 100%per job guarantee after the successful completion of your course in 6 months but the hard fact is you can’t complete the course within the stipulated time as they mentioned since you don’t get proper support from mentors/support team after your enrolment in any manner and course is not easy at all as they state you while enrolling.•	Whenever you try to reach support team/student adviser to discuss your concerns they don’t pick your call many times and if they receive the call they just say will come back to you in few min/EOD or will solve within EOD but you don’t get any solutions on time or they try to convince you as per their needs.•	whenever you try to raise your concerns regarding the course, you will get only one statement/answer like you are not attending sessions properly, not following the mentor instructions or you are not spending your time. They will never ever agree their mistakes and listen you concerns as well.•	Most pathetic part - When you say i am not satisfied with the course or if you ask for the cancellation and your money back, they simply say we don’t have refund policy at all and they will again try to convince you to the fullest with the flashy words/statements. It’s like mental harassment.•	My suggestions please don’t waste your hard money and time as well.•	if you are interested to learn data science and to make career transition, we have many institute in Bangalore who offer data science course, ML, AI course with very minimum fee ranges like 15–45k with excellent course structure so please don’t get fool y enrolling Springboard.•	All the videos/materials provided by springboard are available for free in YouTube.•	When the entire course material is free resources why they are charging 1.95 Lakhs I don’t understand•	Mentor ship (mentor call) is something they make as a star of the program. But you will get to interact with your mentor once in a week only for half an hour.•	I never got a chance to discuss in detail with my mentor as there was a time constraint (mentor is be not available after 30min)•	Springboard is not helpful at all, all they are doing now, are blaming the students.•	Whatever the things/words which i explained above, it’s my pathetic experience and wasted money as well. •	Now for the curriculum. This was sadly most dissappointing. The course mainly revolves around data camp courses. And then these are supplemented by youtube lectures from Harvard or other institutions that would talk about the subject with the impression that you have intermediate knowledge of the subject matter, despite it being a beginners intro video to a concept. I have had much better success with the self study resources available on the internet, such as youtube tutorials etc. There was no feel of an actual boot camp teaching you, they basically link you to external sources that aren’t theirs. •	The whole curriculum is just stuff taken off of the internet or LinkedIn learning. Very little original content. A lot of the content can be found by just doing a basic Google search. Overall this course did not live up to its hype.•	I was told that these things do not matter and that you can easily land a job after you get both your projects done. I had done very detailed projects and posted them on github and did everything the career coaches suggested I do. Unfortunately, not a single data science position had reached out to me. •	The program is a complete waste of money and time, one more thing, right after I completed my course, got the certification, In certification also they made blunder mistakes they added advanced ML track concepts like time series Analysis and Recommendation systems which is not an part of my NLP track.•	They dont know how to deal with students in a cordial way, I will not recommend this to anyone who is serious about learning Datascience, you can find their course on youtube for free•	Frankly, I wish that I could get my money back.•	I recommend staying away from wasting your money with them.•	Don’t fall for false advertising.•	I definitely made a wrong decision by joining Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is amazing! The curriculum is well-curated - most of it is just resources and articles from the internet, however the way they walk you through each topic and assign projects applicable to each section really helps reinforce the content and... Read More ensure that you take away the necessary skills. On top of that, the one-on-one mentor sessions are a huge advantage and really help when working through more complex topics or projects. My mentor was an industry veteran working for an A list tech company and his insight into my growth as a designer and design process was absolutely priceless. To top it all off, Springboard offers a ""job-guarantee"", although it does require a pretty rigorous job search regiment (which I was planning to do anyway). All in all, Springboard is an amazing value and should be very highly considered by anyone looking to make a career change.Read Less",springboard
"After completing the program and securing a job, I wanted to come back and review Springboard again after experiencing their job search program. In terms of curriculum, I overall enjoyed Springboard’s curriculum and learned a lot. The Harvard lectures... Read More are very informative and good for understanding machine learning theory. I do feel that their SQL curriculum is not very strong and could be improved, my SQL skills were poor when I finished the bootcamp. I also feel like there should be more information about basic Python coding - I had coding interviews that I was not prepared for. The two capstone projects are definitely the strongest aspect of Springboard and the aspect that got me the furthest in the interview process. Having projects to talk about really helped me in my initial interviews. My mentor who helped me with my projects was really nice and helpful! One thing that is a little sketchy that you should be aware of before you join: as part of the job guarantee, you are required to pass several mock interviews, and you only get two chances to pass each one. This did not impact me, but it is not something that is disclosed before you start the bootcamp. I was pretty satisfied with Springboard’s curriculum, but what I was completely unprepared for was the competitiveness of the job market. It’s tough to get interviews with no experience, and when you do get interviews, you have to be perfect or they will just find someone more qualified than you. I struggled with technical interviews, particularly coding interviews and business interviews (business is not my background). The mentors that they have to help you prepare for technical interviews are not super helpful. The job guarantee makes it so that they have a reason to help you get a job, but I honestly didn’t find them that helpful - my career coach was nice and was good emotional support but didn’t help me get referrals and didn’t help me with technical interviews. Part of the issue is that I feel like there’s only so much they can do - the data science interview process is really like the Wild West, every company does the interview process differently and it’s tough to prepare. It felt like every company was looking for something different and it was impossible to be prepared for everything because there is just so much to know. About four months into my job search process the pandemic hit, and Springboard made a couple of major improvements to the job search program. The most important improvement they made is they created a Placements team that spend their time specifically looking for referrals and “ins” at companies for you. This was extremely helpful for me, and though the job I accepted was one that I found on my own and got through networking on my own, I got a few good referrals from this team. The second major improvement that they made was getting new mentors to help you with technical interviews. I got a job soon after I started speaking with my mentor, but I felt like he was very good and better than the mentor I had worked with in the past. Overall, a mixed experience with Springboard. I appreciate that they have the job guarantee program because they do try to help you, but I wish there had been more help sooner and not just because of the pandemic.Read Less",springboard
"I was struggling to find a way to switch my career, until I noticed one of my friend with the similar background as mine, switched career successfully after completing career track with Springboard. Very intensive curriculum for zero background person,... Read More but in-depth knowledge and insights you will gain in the end.Read Less",springboard
"I wanted something more technical and hands-on to add to my career development goal. I found Springboard's Data Analytics Career Track to fit that goal and I did not regret enrolling. The payment plan, flexibility of learning and paired mentorship make... Read More it all engaging at your own pace and learning curve.Read Less",springboard
"Compared to other options, I think Springboard was the best choice to enter the field for me. The 1:1 Mentorship and structure of the course ended up being the biggest benefits, as well as the continued career support. The price vs. quality was attractive... Read More as well since they have always been completely remote.I would definitely recommend Springboard to anyone who is serious about their career change and plans not to look back. It's not easy and it has been difficult and fulfilling work. I fully committed my time to the course since January since I left my marketing job last year.I completed in ~4.5 months, while working on the course full-time so it is doable, but required a lot of focus and dedication.I feel very prepared to step into a new role, especially after my final project working with a startup to develop new product ideas.Feel free to reach out to me if you have any questions.If you are definitely interested in the course, here is a referral code for $750 off your first course: https://www.springboard.com/invite/FMN0MRead Less",springboard
"This program was broken down in sections, which does not seem overwhelming to complete within 6 months. At first, this was a refresher for SQL, Python, Excel, and Power BI. But, what I really wanted to learn and get out of this course was to learn Tableau,... Read More and this course helped me understand and learn the tools I need to help me at work. The weekly one-on-one mentor was tremendously helpful. He was very detailed and well organized prior to meeting with him for that day. He did not hesitate to stop if I had a question to allow me to grasp the course and get the best out of the program.Read Less",springboard
The program is well-designed and the pace is good for 6-month course. The material is very well-selected with lots of real-world examples. The mini-projects are very helpful to learn the concept taught in the course. My mentor is very professional and... Read More very helpful along the way.Read Less,springboard
"I started the course with no prior UX design experience (came from an Engineering background). It was everything I wanted and expected from an online course and curriculum. The modules were immersive, my mentor (and also the student advisor) was responsive... Read More and always had valuable and encouraging advice, and the projects have provided a great range of work for me to present in my portfolio (which Springboard also give comprehensive advice on, right down to the best hosting sites to use). The course was all-inclusive and I have found that since I have finished with it, I keep going back to certain sections and brushing up on knowledge (all the material is available permanently after completion).I didn't fall within the requirements of the job guarantee (as I am based in London) but I was still given the option of completing the Industry Design Project, which was one of the best parts of the course for me - I worked with a startup company in America and worked on the research and design of a gardening app. Advice for prospective students - Use the mentor calls to get as much advice and information as you can, you'd be mentored by UX designers who have been in the industry for a long time and have a LOT of knowledge gold. Also, the Springboard community is another great feature, I didn't use this enough, but I understand how valuable it could be, to network and make accountability partnerships etc. especially if you live in America.Read Less",springboard
"I really appreciated the well-rounded support of the program, with the unlimited career coach calls and mentor calls and meetings with my student advisor, I felt like I was able to stay up-to-date on both learning new material but also making sure I was... Read More positioning myself for a new career at the same time.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's UX career track curriculum is very well thought out. I found it was really helpful for people like me who don't have any technical background. Springboard gives you unlimited mentor calls. Career coach calls are also very helpful and they... Read More give you career coach consultation for 6 months after graduation. The mentors and career counselors are very knowledgable. Also, they have a slack channel for all the students and alumni to discuss any problem and get suggestions. Furthermore, student advisors and everyone from the support staff is great and very helpful, and timely in their responses. Springboard has all kinds of resources and they are super helpful. My suggestion would be to take advantage of and utilize the resource as much as possible for the desired career.Read Less",springboard
"When I was looking at bootcamps, I considered access to mentors, real world experience, and portfolio guidance. Springboard gives you unlimited mentor calls: during the busiest time of the curriculum for me, I was choosing to meet with 3-4 different mentors... Read More a week, which was awesome I got to do that. I learned the most from these industry professionals. There was 1 internship offered by the curriculum, and that was an invaluable experience because working as a designer on a team is very different than working alone. There was a unit in the curriculum dedicated to creating my portfolio, and I also chose to take the 2-month extension to have continued access to my mentors to just build my portfolio. The mock interviews at the end of the bootcamp covered pretty much everything you would see at a UX interview: portfolio walkthrough, white-boarding, and behavioral. I appreciate the unlimited career coaching calls as well, including Linkedin and resume reviews. The bootcamp didn't give you real interview offers though- I heard a data science bootcamp did this but not sure if this is something UX bootcamps do where they have connections that get their students hired. I heard some students in this bootcamp got hired by their internship partner though. The curriculum was informative: it is a combination of online articles and some articles written by Springboard mentors. These articles give more detail into UX topics and are good for referring back to (you get lifetime access to the curriculum after graduating).Lastly, everyone I met was really friendly. The Springboard support staff is great and timely in their responses! The student advisors are awesome. The mentors know so much and the career counselors are so knowledgable. There's also a slack channel for all the students. Your experience at Springboard is going to be what you make of it. They offer you a lot of valuable resources, and it's up to you to take advantage of them.Read Less",springboard
"The best part of Springboard is the support system they have in place from the Student Advisors, Mentors, Office Hours, Online Forums and Career Coaches. You have a lot of help in lots of different ways. If you take advantage of these resources it is... Read More totally worth it to enroll. This is what separates Springboard from other boot camps.The curriculum is pretty standard and you could find it all online and learn it yourself but they have gathered it all together for you.Read Less",springboard
"It's awesome because it is really creative, and I love it man. It's all good. It's awesome because it is really creative, and I love it man. It's all good.It's awesome because it is really creative, and I love it man. It's all good.It's awesome because... Read More it is really creative, and I love it man. It's all good.It's awesome because it is really creative, and I love it man. It's all good.Read Less",springboard
"The pros:1. curated content from the best of platforms.2. a good support system in the form of 1:1 mentor, student advisor, career coach and TAs3. Online classrooom sessions from Industry experts.4. Content focused on market requirements5. Job guarantee... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
"I self-studied UX a bit last year to see if it was something that I'd like as much as I thought I would. I even tried other online UX schools before finding Springboard. Springboard offers a strong, community-centered atmosphere that's focused on helping... Read More you find your UX identity and then crafting a portfolio and network about it that ensures that you are armed with every tool necessary for success. My mentor was instrumental in crafting my identity. Thanks to Springboard, I've made new connections in my life than I have in any year prior, which proves to me that UX specifically is about expanding our humanity in positive ways. Springboard was the first institution that I came across that helped me connect with people. What's more human-centered than that? On top of the connections that I've forged, and the portfolio that I've built, Springboard's pricing and curriculum were the best out of the many schools and bootcamps that I researched. They really allow you the time to move at your own pace where needed.Read Less",springboard
"I signed up for this program to help enhance my skill set with regards to data analytics to help increase my technical acumen as a PM. I do want to say that this course is a very robust overview of data analytics, so likely not the best fit for someone... Read More who is already pretty well versed in excel, data visualization tools like Tableau or executive reporting. That being said, for someone truly looking to start with the basics and move up through the intermediate and proficient levels, it's great. I was very impressed with the program materials and how the breadth of curriculum did not diminish it's depth. It's engaging, easy to follow and informative. Also, access to a mentor weekly, definitely helps keep you on track so that you gain a deeper understanding and don't get held up by difficult assignments. All in all, not the best course for me as I already knew much of the content, but truly a great course for someone looking to start their career in data analytics. Highly recommended.Read Less",springboard
It was a well organized program that gave me the necessary skills to work in the field of Data Science. Everything from the mentor help to the videos and resources were mostly easy to understand and easy to put to use in practice. One thing that could've... Read More been better was putting emphasis on material that was more important in the field of data science that prospective companies are looking for those with that specific skillset. Overall I couldn't be happier and Springboard has been able to get me truly excited for the field of data scienceRead Less,springboard
"I took the UX Design Career Track starting last August. I finished the course recently and came away extremely satisfied with my experience. My mentor was helpful, communicative, and provided great insight into the UX industry along the way. Overall,... Read More the course curriculum is challenging (in a good way) but really helps you understand every concept in detail. Springboard gives you provides an amazing support system with unlimited mentor calls, office hours, and a strong community of friendly UXers as well. The material is curated content from across the internet with mixed in mini learning courses throughout as well. I give the course a 10/10 and would recommend to anyone who is interested in switching careers to UX, beginner or intermediate.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard was a great experience overall. It is a nice of mix of self paced, but with good structure to keep you on track. The weekly mentor calls is the best part about it. That is what helped me not only stay on track, but correct many assignments... Read More I did not do correctly. Many online programs out there are completely self paced, and it is just too easy to fall off the wagon on those. That did not happen with this one, so I am glad I picked Springboard. Daily live instruction would have been nice, but if you are disciplined enough, you will find that it is not necessary. Plus I had to still work my day job, and my hours were all over the place. Springboard is very accommodating of your time. I highly recommend this program to anyone looking to get into UX.Read Less",springboard
"The real benefit of Springboard's Digital Marketing course is its flexibility, the mentorship and real world experience you can gain as part of the curriculum.Every unit has assignments in which you can apply your learnings and then they reviewed by your... Read More individual mentor. My favourite part were definitely the weekly mentor calls that help you to stay on track with the course material and to get some real insights from an industry expert. As part of the curriculum you run some actual ad campaigns (FB, Google Ads) and have the option for additional certifications. Springboard's student advisor was always there to help with any questions I had. You can also book into career calls with several topics to work on. In general, I felt the whole team was very dedicated. In addition, they have a partnership with Google Ad Grant program through which you get paired with a non profit to execute a digital marketing strategy (with $10,000 budget for Google Ads). This was my favourite project!Read Less",springboard
Springboard provides me a great mentorship and challenging curriculum. It was quite challenging to complete this course. Because I didn't have enough experience in math and programming. But my mentor helped me to keep my motivation and progress. Actually... Read More I have faced some problems with my mentor. I changed my mentor twice because my mentor didn't show up our call and didn't match their skills with my caption project. But the Student adviser supported me to change my mentor kindly. If you feel not comfortable with your mentor you can ask your student adviser. I am sure they will support you properly. I would recommend you to take Machine Learning Engineering Career Track if you want to dive into data world.Read Less,springboard
"Overall great experience and learned a lot. The pros far outweigh the cons, but I want a balanced review so I pushed to write up both.Pros:Support. Best support of any program I've enrolled in. Hands down. Mentorship. So helpful when you're stuck on something... Read More that's not easy to just Google. Also great to just get general direction, career advice, etc. You don't know what you don't know, but they do! Use them!Projects. Some of the projects were fairly challenging , and I come from an applied math background. So I'd say don't be shy of some analysis, but they will definitely help you build the prerequisites necessary. They're also a great way to go back and relearn concepts you forget.Capstone. The capstone is reasonable challenging and is based on metrics that you'd be judged on in the industry.Cons:Structure. This is subjective, but for me alternating between engineering and career modules made it difficult to just focus on the engineering tasks. I ended up taking an extended non-traditional path through the course.Dependencies. This is more a knock on DataCamp, but I think Springboard's reliance on some of their courses isn't good. Depending on if you like DataCamp's style. For me, I don't like the restrictive step-by-step approach they take, and feels too copy-the-answer-here type of learning, which is slow and passive. Springboard makes up for it with a diverse array of content and Jupyter notebook based projects.Read Less",springboard
"I think they have a overall package from training with the right skills ,mentors and career coaches.As online training gets highly demotivating as we have to solve lots of things alone,the on-demand mentor offered by them becomes a game changer and helps... Read More us focused towards the goal.Read Less",springboard
"Pros: 1. On-demand mentors provide immediate help whenever I have any questions. No matter how trivial they are, mentors always try their best to help.2. Working on projects with a professional mentor is the best way to know how data scientists deal with... Read More real-world problems. It is very hard to build projects from scratch if you have no prior experience before. Mentors provide professional supports to guide you through the journey.3. Curriculum of springboard is pretty solid and complete. Though most of them are already-made online resources, they are very helpful and it saves people time searching for suitable materials.4. Student advisor, Katherine Allen, and the team are very supportive. Especially during the COVID-19, they are very willing to provide extra help.Cons:1. Taking courses all online without classmates is sometimes lonely and easily makes people lose motivation. So, it is better to have someone to study together.Read Less",springboard
Pros -Great Curriculum.Having mentor support is really good.Have very good support from the team and are very responsive all the time.Cons -Is an expensive course and you need to be very careful in selecting mentor as it is the most influential factor... Read More in this course.Read Less,springboard
"I signed up for the Software Engineering Prep Course only to be completely disappointed in not only the course, but Springboard overall. The lessons are duplicates of a Udemy course that I previously took. I was under the impression that this was new... Read More content created by Colt Steele specifically for Springboard. I paid $10 for parts of this course on Udemy and in no way represents Springboard or $490 value. The promise mentorship is wildly inefficient. While I gave him great ratings for his kind demeanor, he had no clue about the curriculum provided by Springboard. Not to mention, he is a front end developer, not a Software Engineer. He also seemed to be limited in his knowledge of Javascript. He also gave very short answers and didn’t provide much mentorship in our two sessions. There is no practice content throughout the program. There were quizzes at the beginning and then they disappeared. What happened there? It’s basically just a series of lectures, not worth the value- just repurposed content from a cheaper site. Many links throughout the course are broken, so prepare to end up lost. The instructor also gives reference to files throughout, but these were missing from the course up until about two days ago. No one from Springboard even responds to students within the Slack group.Read Less",springboard
"What set's the Springboard Digital Marketing course apart is the mentorship and real world experience. Meeting with a mentor once a week was incredibly beneficial in not only helping me to stay up to date on the course work, but also in helping me apply... Read More what I was learning. In addition to that, they try really hard to give you as much of a real world experience as possible by helping you run an actual ad campaign.The course work sometimes felt a little outdated as it was more curated content than content actually developed for the course. So what you are really paying for is the mentorship, which for me was worth it.Read Less",springboard
Mentors are very helpful as they are experienced data science professionals . Great value for the cost of course but the instructions in some units are not clear especially in Excel case studies but overall it was a good experience. I am excited to start... Read More looking for a job.Read Less,springboard
"I really enjoyed the program, and the mentor helped a lot during the whole time! I had an educational background in data science but I never had pratical/industrial experiences before. Springboard's bootcamp prepared me to be job-ready. Highly recommended... Read More for anyone who needs gain experiences as a real data scientist.Read Less",springboard
The curriculum was great! I learned exactly what I needed to in order to become a data analyst. The course work was thorough and was clear enough that I did not have to seek guidance much. My mentor was really motivational and I was able to call on other... Read More mentors when I needed help going through the coursework. The value these mentors bring really make this bootcamp worth it.Read Less,springboard
"Overall I've been very happy with the Springboard UX Design Career intensive! For the price it is a very thoughtfully structured and paced program to get theoretical and practical experience in this space, along with a lot of good person-to-person interaction.... Read MorePros:Works around your schedule - I was able to balance part time work + home life with this programDedicated mentor in UX space offering weekly and on demand feedbackIntelligently structured and organized - units plans make sense and are easy to followA robust remote community of active students and alumni to interact withGet a job or your money back guaranteeSeveral weekly Zoom meetups for career advancement and curriculum assistanceCons:If you're not self-motivated it could be difficult to stay on taskTime estimates for completing units can sometimes be a little underA base level of familiarity with the topic space and tools is critical - the program dives pretty quickly into some deep workRead Less",springboard
"I took the intro to data science course offered by Springboard. While I did not finish the course, it did give me a great overview of what working as a data analyst and data scientist entails. Then mentor they paired me with was very helpful and in roughly... Read More my same timezone.Read Less",springboard
"At the point I decided to continue my career in the domain of Artificial Intelligence and Big data, I wasn't exactly sure what program would be suitable for me to kick start this transition. After some research I came across springboard and upon examination... Read More of the curriculum I knew it was the one.Pros:1:1 mentorship was incredible, I had 2 mentors during the course of my program. First was a senior data scientist and second was an entrepreneur building a big data driven business. Priceless learnings and insightsCons:Not necessarily a con but curriculum is pretty heavy, must be super dedicated to the grind if you have a full time job.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is simple. Build skills. Meet professionals. Get career and industry advice. I went to UCLA for economics and think that, in some ways, I learned more from Springboard than UCLA, and definitely not for as much the price. The reality in today's... Read More economy is that jobs pay the bills and skills and experience get us jobs. Springboard helped me build a portfolio to showcase to employers. The more you put into Springboard, the more you will get. If you take it seriously, it's definitely worth the price.Read Less",springboard
"The course material was really tailored to industry needs, technical and career services support was excellent and continuous, possibility of working on technical project to check and develop your skills and then to use as a part of your professional... Read More portfolioRead Less",springboard
"The UI/UX Career Track at Springboard is a 9 months part time course but allows you to do it at your own pace, and I've done it full-time in 3 months! The curriculum is abundant and in-depth. It builds you up step by step from a complete beginner (I'm... Read More from a HR background) to a junior designer with solid design knowledge and skills. The mentorship is definitely the most valuable part of the career track, as feedback and advice from an industry expert is 10 times more useful than working by yourself alone. Springboard has also created a welcoming community where students can help and learn from each other, with additional support from the student managers and career coaches. Now I'm ready to step into the real UX design world, and I'm really glad that I've chosen Springboard at the first place.Read Less",springboard
"This program was a bootcamp with much information in a short amount of time. There are many avenues of support from your assigned mentor and on-call mentors, career coaches, advisors, project advisors, a community forum, and options to join study groups.... Read More I highly recommend taking the opportunity to join a study group and create a slack channel, have weekly meetings, and support each other. I had done prepwork with two other online companies; Thinkful and Galvanize. I looked into other online bootcamps by those two and also General Assembly. Further I highly considered joining the in person Galvanize bootcamp in Denver, including visiting them for a tour. Why choose Springboard? To drive and hour into a city, Denver, 5 days a week for 13 weeks was a big stressor on top of the curriculum for Galvanize. I looked into living there in the city, which is not my comfort zone and very expensive! Thinkful seemed to be extremely similar to Springboard, and General Assembly too. All had requirements of living within an hour of particular major cities. I ultimately landed on Springboard midsummer because they listed both Denver and Detroit as their major cities for required money back guarantees and opportunities. Further, it offered a Data Science Prep course that would then take the tuition paid and put it toward your tuition for the main Data Science Program. I fee I am struggling to comprehend all I learned as I end my program this week. At this moment in time, and as of a few months ago, I feel for me and my own learning experience and strengths, I would have thrived even moreso had I gone the route of physically attending the Galvanize in person. I would advocate for them to consider opening a location in a place like Ann Arbor, Michigan. Rather than only big cities. Let's see how long it takes now to land a job. Springboard is very good with support after completion. I will still have career coach meetings and accountability. It is asked to make at least 7 networking connections each week, and apply for 4 jobs/week. Certainly the entire program is a formula for success if you apply yourself!Read Less",springboard
"I enrolled in the Data Science Career Track prep course as well as the main course for a combined curriculum of 8 months. I thought the prep course was very helpful as I did not have any coding experience. The prep course did a nice job of introducing... Read More me to Python and getting me ready for the main course. I was able to complete the main course in six months; however, it is a lot of content and most people need a two month extension (which is included in the price). The content is very user friendly and helpful but can be extensive. I tried to stick to the 10-20 hours of coursework weekly to ensure I stayed on track. The course consists of two capstone projects, which are used in your portfolio, and this is where a lot of the technical skill is applied. I found the capstones challenging and enjoyable and felt as though they really helped me to understand the course material. The statistics section of the course could be better formatted and with more user friendly material. I did not think it was easy to grasp and would have enjoyed something more finished. I also would have enjoyed some cheat sheets or reference guides. They had provided those in the prep course, and I found them very helpful to refer to. I really enjoyed the mentor relationship and felt it was super helpful in keeping me accountable. I met with my mentor every week and was nice to have someone for questions or concerns.Read Less",springboard
"I started this course last year as I was planning to upgrade my skills. I must say the course was very well structured with helpful material. Having a full-time job and a mom of 2 kids, this course was well suitable for me to study late at night and over... Read More the weekend. Few times I had challenges, but Springboard was always approachable and accommodating in terms of giving extra time to complete my assignments. I had one mentor the whole time who was always helpful and very quick to answer any question I had. Overall, I had great experience and I would definitely recommend to anyone who are thinking of switching career or simply upgrading their skills.Read Less",springboard
"The Data Science Career Track Bootcamp offered a comprehensive curriculum, which covers a wide range of topics in Data Science. The mentor system is also very useful. Capstone projects provide a unique experience similar to building a data science project... Read More from a problem statement to a final product. The only con I would mention is the specialization is a one-time choice. It would be great if they could offer a 1-week or so review period to make that decision.Read Less",springboard
Springboard job assistance is so weak and frustrated.You work a career coach and your favorite career coach suddenly left and you have to adjust yourself new career coach and story again starts.Sp network is just trash and collaboration among the alumni... Read More is under the required level.If you want to be hired any company look for different boot camp.Read Less,springboard
I jumped in looking to start a new career and real world experience in terms of the tasks. I met a great mentor who was there to help me all the way and a very supportive team that is there to make sure you succeed the course. Overall great experience... Read MoreRead Less,springboard
"Overall, I really enjoyed what I learned through this course. Some of the pros are having a 30 minute weekly mentor Zoom meeting (my mentor was awesome), an industry design project to gain real life experience, and that it is self-paced. The main con... Read More is that it is A LOT of work, about 350 hours. I put in around 10-12 hours a week for seven months while working a full time job. It can get discouraging to spend ten hours on a unit project only to get 3% closer to having the curriculum completed. It requires a lot of self discipline but it is worth it. I am thankful I did it and it has been opening up more career opportunities for me.Read Less",springboard
"I just finished Springboard´s digital marketing career track course and can only recommend it. My mentor Tina was great and helped me on our weekly 1:1 Skype calls, to really understand what I just learned and how I can use my knowledge in future. The... Read More curriculum offers all the important fundamentals and great sites and blogs to follow with important content.Read Less",springboard
"The course was great. Even though you do it all online and at your own pace, you feel very connected to other people. I had weekly calls with my mentor who is a UX expert, that was super helpful. We also have a Slack community where we can talk with other... Read More students, and a community mentor who is super helpful when we have questions. There are also career coaches who help you along the way as you prepare for the job search, and continue to help you for six months after you complete the program! There are also weekly office hours on Zoom where you can ask any questions. Everyone is super nice and helpful. I learned a lot in the course, and am excited to start looking for my first full time position as a UX Designer!Read Less",springboard
"I enjoyed the Data Analyst career track with springboard as : 1) It gave me confidence to excel in my new career as data analyst. 2) Being from a non-IT background, the curriculum is designed as everyone can  understands it and learn the skills. 3) Best... Read More part is it gave me estimation of the time required for each topic so i was  able to plan accordingly. 4) The 1:1 mentor calls and weekly matched mentor call proved out to be very  important for me. 5) The mock interviews and presentations enable me to practice real time analytics  situation and helped me to prepare for it.and the best part is their job guarantee and career coach support which is very helpful for a person like me who is going for a career change.Read Less",springboard
"The pros of this course are as follows:1) Well organized set of curriculum to take you from 0 knowledge to an entry level data scientist.2) Mentors are very helpful as they are experienced data science professionals.3) Great value for the cost of course.... Read More4) Challenges you throughout the course. Thoroughly enjoyed the neural network specialization.The cons are:1) I had a challenge finding detailed knowledge within organization for signal processing (FFT, DWT, …)2) Career counseling became overwhelmed with the number of students and could not meet demand for a few months. It was corrected however.3) If you don't live in the right areas of US, job guarantee is not there. Counselors do help you after you graduate though.This is neither a pro or con, but be prepared to do a lot of research outside of the curriculum if you want to do this right. I would say 35% of my work was doing research outside of the classes.Read Less",springboard
"Positives:+	MentorshipBy far the biggest strength of Springboard, so big that others have copied it. My mentor was just the person I had craved for a long time in my educational career: smart, good people skills, and accountable. I learned as much from... Read More him as I did in my Master’s program. The 30 minutes a week were invaluable and gave me insights I would not have found on my own.+	CurriculumFor the most part, the curriculum is very good. It’s a combination of online resources Springboard doesn’t create themselves, but if I had to learn data science all over again, I would rather learn from these resources than random Google searches. Save the Google searches for the projects, where most of the learning comes from anyway. The curriculum is also more up-to-date than an in-person program. The projects stretched me to my limits, and I came out a much better data scientist because of it. +	Course SupportThere has been an increase in course support over my time at Springboard. There is an option to have an additional mentorship meeting with a different mentor just to work on non-Capstone projects. Springboard also hosts an annual conference at their headquarters that is worth attending if you are a student. My student adviser provided great support along the way when I needed it.Negatives:-	Job SupportSpringboard is by no means a silver bullet to a dream data science job, but it’s close. You have to put in the work to landing a job to get that job afterwards. I found there were times where the career coaches were booked months in advance, but they seemed to have hired new staff. I have no doubt if you complete the course in six months that you would be ready for a DS role, but it’s an intense six months.- Completion TimeI took much longer than expected and was given extensions to finish. This was more a human error than a Springboard error, and if I felt mentally the way I do now compared to when I started Springboard, I could have easily finished in the allotted time. Just be careful with grandiose capstone projects.- FeedbackOutside of my mentor, I found feedback tough to get when handing in coursework. Overall: Great experience, would do again. The positives are fixable and far outweigh the negatives and I found it paid for itself in salary raises, even with the extensions. This is the direction education is going, and I look forward to watching what Springboard does next.Read Less",springboard
"I enrolled in the UX Career Track program through Springboard, and had a very positive experience. Their mentors are top-notch, and I was able to complete a portfolio I am proud of. The workload was not easy, but if you plan your time carefully, you can... Read More complete the course even if you work full time. Their support team is also very helpful. Would highly recommend.Read Less",springboard
"This supply chain course is amazing and with live examples you can relate that in you everyday work.Pace of this course is quite fast and sometimes becomes bit hard to keep up with the pace of it, 3 hours a day 5 days a week is quite much for people with... Read More long hours dutyRead Less",springboard
"Springboard's Data Science Career Track is comprehensive, including: paid and free interactive courses, lectures, multiple assignments to submit and a great administrative staff. It is not only Python, but a some UNIX, some Git, some SQL, some pyspark,... Read More sort of everything you need to operate as a data scientist. This is a double edged sword because you learned how to do something, applied it for the next segment but would go a weeks without having practiced it. I spent a lot of time referring back which was frustrating. The most frustrating aspect is for most of the mini-projects, the assignments would ask you to do either new concepts/code or use functions/methods/attributes that were not emphasized in the interactive lessons. I again spent a lot of time referring back, combing through my notes, only to discover, it was not covered or not sufficiently. Perhaps, this would not be an issue if you had some previous skill with Python or a lower level language. My previous language was R.The one thing that can make or break your experience is your assigned mentor. (And by the way, I would have never persisted through the frustration without a mentor.) I spent the first 5-6 weeks with a mentor who was not a good fit. This set me back for the first half of the course. I ended up changing my data set for the first capstone project after I had been working on it for three months. Luckily, my second mentor was extremely helpful and an expert. When I changed data sets, things started to come together. I also started to use more of the resources that Springboard provides - the on-call mentor and the TAs. I could not get much out of the community chat because even within my cohort there was a different pace.The career track means data science as a career. The career mentors were focused on getting jobs for data scientist or data analyst titles. I found out a few months into the track that I didn't really want to be an entry level data scientist. I have had 20 years of experience in public policy. I still want to craft and implement policy while having the skills to describe, predict with and visualize the data.Read Less",springboard
"I'm giving one star because of the mentor support I'm getting, otherwise it would be a zero. Springboard is only a content curator not a creator, you end with inconsistent course materials and you have to adapt to different style of teaching for each... Read More unit, which is exhausting. I was not able to focus on the course work because of this. The program was nothing like what I imagined.Read Less",springboard
"Highly recommend this program. The staff truly care about your progress and making sure you are well supported. I was hesitant since it’s a for profit educational program, but I never felt like they were trying to take my money. It’s definitely an intensive... Read More program and took up most of my evenings after work. But it’s all well worth your time. You definitely need to be a self starter and stick to being disciplined to do the work.Read Less",springboard
"Join the data science career track prep program in February 2020, and I'm currently in the full data science career track program. There are a lot of good things to say about the program. The most beneficial aspect is that you meet with a mentor six times... Read More over the course of the program. This turned out to be essential for me, because he not only corrected my code, but he corrected my way of thinking, which improved my work exponentially. He also introduced me to other resources that would dramatically improve my coding abilities, and every week he pushed me to think a little harder and do a little better. It's worth noting that the curriculum is curated, and so you could theoretically complete the equivalent program by paying a small subscription fee on Next.tech's site. But what Springwood really gets right is the structure of the program and the quality of their mentors and community. Best of all, the prep program is free if you end up going into the full data science career track program (they reimburse you 10 days in). A couple small notes: Next.Tech didn't quite give me enough practice with the individual coding exercises, but that was just me -- I think if I approached it a little less mechanically, it might have been enough.Highly recommend!Read Less",springboard
"The course is incredibly cost-effective. It is just a fraction of the price of other bootcamps. It is all online, at your own pace. The only problem to be weary of is managing your time. If you work full time or have a lot of other priorities, it might... Read More be difficult to complete on time. Perfect for self starters. Overall a fair price- worth it for career support.Read Less",springboard
"Pros: mentor call, weekly calls office hours, great support of student advisor.Cons: use of online content, scheduling career coach callI liked to work with mentor and have a conversation about capstone projects to solve error or problem regarding project.... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
"I started Springboard's UX Design Career Track in April 2019 and I just finished graduating. I loved the mentorship opportunities the most because it was a way to keep me accountable to the course despite the challenges of independent, remote study. The... Read More unlimited mentor calls really helped me to level myself up, especially when receiving feedback. I used to be very sensitive to criticism but taking this course helped me to be more open to feedback for the sake of growth and improvement.Read Less",springboard
Overall I had an excellent experience with Springboard. My mentor was amazing in particular. The only negative thing I can say about the program is regarding their industry design project. The companies that they pair you with are not vetted as thoroughly... Read More as I hoped and I ended up having to get re-matched with a different company. Still 5 stars all around.Read Less,springboard
"When I was in University, I studied computer science but I did not know how I wanted to apply it. I first heard about data science through some friends who were in the field, and I was interested in changing career paths. The thing I really wanted in... Read More a bootcamp was a thorough curriculum, which is what I got through Springboard. Not only did I feel like I learned a lot, but the selling point for me was the one-on-one mentorship I received each week and the capstone projects that I got to create through Springboard. The relationship I developed with an expert in the field along with the consistent guidance I received when I needed help understanding difficult concepts helped me succeed, and I would highly recommend Springboard to anyone looking to start their career in data science.Read Less",springboard
"I had a good experience taking the Springboard online Data science bootcamp. I come from an engineering background and I'd say I did have basic programming and Python experience through my school projects and work experience. But I'd say Springboard does... Read More a decent job of covering the basics of topics including data wrangling, statistics, data story telling and ML. It also lets you deep dive into each of these topics so that you can apply them in your 2 major capstone projects. There are also more than 10 mini projects which are challenging and they really prepare you for the real world problems. The springboard support team is really helpful and they go out of their way to make you life easy during the course. Things you should watch out for: The estimated time suggested by Springboard for each topic is kind of on the lower range so you need to keep that in mind to plan your studies. Also, a very important thing to consider is that this is a mentor based course where in you get a mentor assigned to you for the entire course time who guides you through your projects. My mentor was very helpful but this is something you should keep in mind that your course can also depend on the mentor you get (most of the mentors including mine that I have heard of have been great, but just wanted to mention it).Read Less",springboard
This is really a best course for anyone who wishes to start a career in Data Science.Pros:Great 1-1 mentor callsGreat Community support Good guidance for getting into a jobCons:The time for the course might be high and depends on the individual to meet... Read More it with timeRead Less,springboard
"I have almost completed the Data Analysis Career Track, and I am grateful for the experience it has given me. 5 months in, I have landed a job in the field. I did come into the program with some experience in excel, python, and sql, but the course was... Read More a good refresher and taught me a lot in terms of real world applications and business sense.Most valuable parts: - 1-1 weekly mentor calls, monthly career coaching calls- in depth case studies- building your own unique portfolio projectsNot-so-great parts: -Starting the course in November 2019 (when it was still fresh) felt a little like we were also beta testing it- if learning communities are important to you, the community being online can be a challenge to adapt to- some of the course material felt repetitive and some left me feeling like I needed more practiceThe designers and educators are responsive to feedback, and the student support (student advisors, community advisors, career services, etc) are very helpful and respond quickly.Read Less",springboard
"This was a fantastic course that really does prepare you for a career in addition to helping you secure a position. First and foremost, you must be self-motivated and learn well independently. You must also be good at time management. The course has a... Read More few main components:1. The curriculum -&gt; mostly online coursework, some online lectures, some interactive lessons, and several mini-projects in addition to two capstone projects.2. Mentoring 1:1 -&gt; weekly Skype calls to discuss progress, technical questions, and receive general guidance for strategies.3. Career coaching -&gt; calls, resume help, networking tips, and job hunting that will ensure you find a new position.This course is highly recommended, especially with the money back job guarantee!Read Less",springboard
"After considering several UX Design bootcamps, and speaking with past alumni from those several bootcamps, Springboard was the right fit for me. It accommodated those who already had a full time job, while supporting you with mentorship, program community,... Read More career coaches, and a hands on student advisor. I personally had a wonderful experience with the mentor I was paired up with. He was hands on, supportive, and challenged me throughout the curriculum, based on my goals and expectations I discussed with him in our initial call. I appreciated how thorough Springboard was when it came to preparing students for what they might expect during a portfolio walkthrough or a mock interview. After speaking with others in other bootcamp programs, I was surprised to hear that some don't offer that level of thoroughness. Springboard is always open to feedback, and aiming to improve their curriculum based on student feedback. I can't recommend Springboard enough based on the experience I had, and from a cost perspective, they are one of the most competitive out there for how much they offer within a 6 month program.Read Less",springboard
"I highly recommend Springboard UX Design career track to anyone who is interested in switching their career to UX designer. There are ton of UX design bootcamp options out there but I chose Springboard because it's more affordable than other bootcamps... Read More and it's backed by solid investors.On top of that, the course is entirely done online and you can make your own schedule. It is very similar to taking an online course from college but with more freedom. On average it takes 6 months to finish but some students finish faster as little as 3 months or it could take more than 9 months, depending on your choice. You can either choose to pay upfront and get discount, or pay as you go monthly. Best thing about springboard is that you get unlimited Skype conversation with mentors who have years of experience in the industry! I didn't use unlimited mentor calls so much, but I saw some students using that service almost every week to get more guidance and finish the course faster. If you are a self-starter, Springboard can be a great option.Read Less",springboard
My mentor and career coaches were extremely helpful and the information they offer is high quality. Would definitely recommend if you're looking into transitioning into a different career without going to college. My only con is that its a little too... Read More pricey but given the fact that they offer mentor calls/career coaching it's understandable.Read Less,springboard
"To give a bit of background I have a psychology background and am currently working full-time retail. I was in a career slump until I found Springboard through a Facebook ad. I decided to enroll after I sent an application and received a scholarship from... Read More them based on my circumstances! On average it takes 6 months to finish but some students finish faster (one finished in as little as 2 months) and others (like me) take a free 2-month extension to finish the course. The course is self-paced and flexible, so you can do the coursework on your own time. You have weekly calls with an assigned mentor (who is an expert in their industry) and they help you stay accountable for your progress. Also you'll have calls with a career coach that helps you network and find a job, which you can schedule as many times as you like. The best part about Springboard, in my opinion, is the supportive and active student/alumni community on Slack! Overall I have no regrets enrolling in this bootcamp and if you're looking to make a career switch this is the way to go.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is well though-out, but there can be some improvements in the overall curriculum (which are being made). Pros:- Good support system. Curriculum has a good set of professionals that are able to communicate terms very well. - Mock interview... Read More are a good idea and do give you insight of what to expect. They also booster your confidence with the overall process.- Capstone projects can be challenging if you decide to put the extra work and do help improve you portfolio to showcase it to potential employees.Cons:- Some courses need a revamp, for example the statistics part of it. While I was working through it, this specific course got updated and I really like the new version. I see that they are putting work on it, but I also think that some other aspects need to get updated sooner than later.- No course regarding big data or cloud computing. The 2nd project we have to use Deep Learning components where we might have to handle 100K+ rows of data. For a normal computer, training a model can take a couple of hours (in my case 37 hours). Leaning how to use AWS or Azure is a requirement now a days.- Better guidelines for at least the first Capstone project. It is very intimidating to start typing in a blank notebook. Getting a guideline to have an overall idea on how to start will help the student.Read Less",springboard
"I attended Springboard's Data Science Career track and landed a job before my boot camp ended. Springboard has an amazing curriculum that teaches you not only how to do data science, but also how to socialize and build connections. The course includes... Read More a lot of hands-on coding practice that teaches you how to deploy machine learning models and how to wrangle big data. You'll work with your mentor on two capstone projects. These mentors have a lot of real-world experience in the industry. In my case, my mentor not only works in tech but also publishes research papers in the field. Some word of advice: Be as dedicated as possible. This course will give you definitely give you a boost, but what you get from it will be highly dependent on how much effort you put in. Some alumni are able to land jobs in Google and Amazon, and it's mainly due to good course guidance and the immense amount of hard work they put in. So if you're have some experience in data and are interested in becoming a data scientist, this career track is for you.Read Less",springboard
"This program provides a good curriculum that gives you a whole picture of the data science field. My mentor helps me throughout the course not only technical also encourage me. The mock interviews help me understand the data science interviews and the... Read More career coaches are helpful in prepare behavior interviews and correct my resume. The only thing I want to mention is to the student without data analysis experience, probably consider taking their data analyst career track course. The data science course is more prepared for the data scientist role and it will be a little overwhelming for people without experience.Read Less",springboard
"Overall, I had a great experience with Springboard. The curriculum was thoughtful and thorough, though sometimes felt rigid and not matched to how things work in the real world. The 1:1 mentorship was so immensely helpful and I believe is the most valuable... Read More part of the experience. Throughout the course, my mentor's feedback provided real world context to the exercises and pushed me to improve my outcomes and confidence.Read Less",springboard
"Overall I had a great experience with the course. Anytime I needed coding help, there was someone I could meet with within a few hours. The course granted plenty of practice to build strong fundamentals. As well, they allowed flexibility on major projects... Read More as far as subject matter goes. The one on one weekly meetings with the mentors served as both check-ups on progress and as useful insight into world of being a professional data scientist.Read Less",springboard
"I always wanted to enter the data world, but lacked the technical skills to do so. I didn't want to go back to school nor did I want to go to a 9-5 bootcamp which basically was like school and super expensive. To the rescue came Springboard, providing... Read More an affordable, yet flexible plan to learn Data Science. I've listed below some pros and cons that I faced while taking this course.Pros:Great content covering Data Wrangling, Data Visualization, Machine Learning and Advanced TechniquesUnlimited Mentor Calls!!Amazing community to network withAmazing support post completion to help you get started with your careerCons:Resources sometimes feel thin due to working at your own pace from home.It's hard reaching out to ask questions at first, but just do it and people will respond.Overall, I'd recommend somebody who wants to become familiar with Data Science to take Springboard because it lets you learn at your convenience.Read Less",springboard
UNDOUBTEDLY A WELL DESIGNED COURSE FOR DATA SCIENCE AND OTHER SPECIALIZATIONS SUCH AS NLP &amp; DEEP LEARNING. THE MENTOR OPTION ALONG WITH THE JOB GUARANTEE IN THE COURSE TAKES THIS COURSE TO THE TOP 1% OF ALL THE COURSES AVAILABLE IN THE MARKET. AWESOME... Read More EXPERIENCERead Less,springboard
"The curriculum is very well put together. My mentor was wonderful and provided insight outside of the course materials. The career coach that I worked with, Calvin, also went above and beyond to help me prepare for the job search.They are also flexible... Read More if you need to pause the course and will work with you to extend your time if necessary.Read Less",springboard
I like that the course takes you through all of the stages of the design cycle and you produce a lot of deliverables that you can add to your portfolio. My mentor was very helpful and gave excellent industry advice and encouragement during our weekly... Read More calls. I highly recommend Springboard.Read Less,springboard
"It is a very good program and you get out what you put in. The biggest negative I have has to do with DataCamp, which Springboard partners with. I hate DataCamp because it preloads so much of the work and doesn't let you go through the motions. Other... Read More than that, the program was informative. I recommend closer to 10 months full time as a student to truly understand the subject matter and get a job as a Data Scientist, not an analyst.Read Less",springboard
Overall the experience was good. I like the curriculum but didn’t like that it was mostly online articles. The mentoring and job guarantee and monthly payment plan are why I chose this program. Use my code for $500 off first course on Springboard: NT75Y... Read MoreRead Less,springboard
"Pros: Free access to Sketch or Adobe XD for a year. Financing through Climb Credit helped me only pay around $25/month while I was in the curriculum (if you're a disabled military veteran, it is possible to have this program qualify for Voc Rehab, and... Read More get tuition reimbursement). Access to mentors, career coaches, and student advisors is really helpful in building your professional network, which you'll learn is a helpful way to make your name known as you transition careers. The Springboard community in San Francisco really tries to coordinate in-person meetups which helps foster the community of UX Designers, Data Scientists, and Machine Learning Engineers up in the Bay Area so you can meet your Slack channel peers face-to-face. There's at least one major event or conference that Springboard students are invited to join for free too!Cons: You need to be highly motivated to finish the curriculum in the recommended six months (they offer an extension if you need more time). Some people may not prefer the curation of materials because it may not match how other people have learned on the job, and there isn't a dedicated instructor you can default to for questions. You'll just have your assigned mentor and access to a random mentor call to ask for help. The industry partner project is a random match, so you don't have any say in who you'll be working with for those four weeks/forty hours. The job guarantee requires hard work from you and stepping out of your comfort zones to really network and find your right fit.Read Less",springboard
Overall my experience with springboard's UX/UI Career track was amazing. There was a lot of curriculum to take in and learn from to help you prepare to what's coming up ahead. The projects you will be doing through out this course are the ones that will... Read More give you a lot of practice with your UX/UI skills. These skills that you will earn and develop will help you gain more confidence about your transition as a UX/UI designer.Read Less,springboard
"My experience with Springboard is exceptional and I found the staff super helpful. The curriculum has a wide variety of collections (Videos from Harvard, exercise from Datacamp, etc) towards each topic. Mini projects alongside each chapter gave me hands-on... Read More experience on certain topics which I found super helpful. Career coaches and on-demand mentors are knowledgable and patient. If there is one thing I have to be picky about is the quality of the assigned mentor, some of them can be more passionate about our work.Read Less",springboard
"Easy to follow curriculum, great guidance from my mentor, support from amazing online community, career coaches and student advisor made my journey with Springboard very enjoyable. It was a wonderful learning experience and I am so glad that I enrolled... Read More in it. I would highly recommend this course to anyone looking to transition into the world of data science.Read Less",springboard
"I am a UX Consultant that wanted academic credentials to bolster my job experience. I wanted to give clients peace of mind that I had formal education in the UX field. I found Springboard to be a great option for those that would like a cost-effective... Read More way of learning a new skill set. In my case, I wanted to improve my skills in Visual Design. I never would have thought that I could design a functioning mobile application. Thanks to this program, I'm more confident in my visual design skills. The staff are friendly and my mentor was instrumental in helping me to learn difficult concepts. I would highly recommend this course!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's Intermediate Data Science with Python program is an excellent way for anyone - regardless of their coding experience - to level up relevant data science skills in Python. While the program is centered on the Python language, it covers great... Read More depth into statistical analysis including descriptive statistics, and other languages you'll need as a Data Scientist like SQL. It involves a mixture of program delivery through Data Camp access, instructional videos, assignments, and projects. I felt like the course entailed just the right mixture of both applied work and instruction. The mentors are great and support staff was always quick to reply. On a personal note, I come from a social science background with limited working knowledge in Python and really felt like I had the flexibility to take the course at my own pace. I am a Co-Founder in a startup and was able to pause and restart the program to suit my schedule. Definitely recommend!Read Less",springboard
"This was an awesome way to expand my portfolio and skills for future job projects. If you want a job in the User Experience world, you need a portfolio and Springboard provides a curriculum that makes this process easy and hassle free. On top, you’ll... Read More get skills and knowledge essential for UX.Read Less",springboard
Learning at Springboard was an amazing experience. What makes this course unique is having access to unlimited mentor calls and having a designated mentor who you meet with once a week. I recommended it to anyone looking to start their career as a UX... Read More Designer.Read Less,springboard
"I highly recommend Springboard's Data Science Career Track for anyone who is looking to pivot careers into data science. I learned a lot through my mentors and connecting with other students. The staff at Springboard are extremely dedicated to their students... Read More and do all they can to help you prepare for networking, interviewing, and eventually being a successful data scientist. The curriculum is largely datacamp courses, but you are also required to complete 2 capstone projects. This is where you do much of your learning.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's UXCT program is for anyone who wants to switch career paths in to User Experience. With the program, you get a mentor who will be there throughout the way to help guide you. In addition, Springboard offers many other resources to supplement... Read More your learning including 1-on-1 calls with other professionals, office hours, career development and many more. Overall, I believe Springboard has prepared me for a great career in the field and I'm excited for the future.Read Less",springboard
"I chose Business Analytics, paid $1.5k.Mentor was amazing but the course and it’s scope was really limited.I did learn few things but not worth $1500.I recommend staying away from wasting your money with them.It’s better than use Udemy, coursera or other... Read More self learning platforms.I bought some courses from these self learning platforms for only $10.99, $11.99 and learned way more than what I learned with springboard.Complete waste of money and time, one more thing, right after I completed my course, got the certification, I found out they took Business Analytics off and added Data Analyst course which was not there before.Anyway, save money but cheap courses online and study. Don’t fall for false advertising. Good luck!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard gets it! I had an extremely great experience with the Data Scientist career track and put had multiple jobs offers before I completed my curriculum with Springboard. The curriculum is complete and takes a significant amount of focus and coding... Read More work. The online format is very convenient and the help sessions along with the mentors are world-class. I particularly appreciated the weekly calls with my mentor who was/is an industry specialist in Data Science. It was beneficial having a mentor to seek feedback on exercises, questions about the curriculum, and or about insight about the role of Data Science in industry. The calls with career coaches were also constructive to guide in job search efforts, including mock interviews. One of the things that stuck out to me was the two comprehensive capstone projects. I thought these were important in solidifying your work and expressing what we learned to more significant audiences. I utilized my capstone projects to answer real-world problems at work that were met with much praise and helped to solve and or better under pressing business problems! I highly recommend this impactful bootcamp!Read Less",springboard
"My Experience with Springboard .I joined the springboard course in the month of Aug,2019 and I left/discontinued the course in the month of Jan,2020It’s not worth at all, simply i can say waste of your hard earned money and waste of time as well.So called... Read More mentors will be not available as per the schedules and they don’t spend much time with the students in explaining their doubts or explaining the concept.Next coming to so called office hours , coding support sessions it’s just for the name sake they fix up the sessions without even asking/discussing our availability time, i can they do as per their need.They force you to enroll for the course by paying 1.9 Lakhs and they also provide you easy EMI/Loan by third party finance company, after your enrollment they don’t even care/bother about you concerns related to course .Most imp thing is, they state you like 100%per job guarantee after the successful completion of your course in 6 months but the hard fact is you can’t complete the course within the stipulated time as they mentioned since you don’t get proper support from mentors/support team after your enrollment in any manner and course is not easy at all as they state you while enrolling.Whenever you try to reach support team/student adviser to discuss your concerns they don’t pick your call many times and if they receive the call they just say will come back to you in few min/EOD or will solve within EOD but you don’t get any solutions on time or they try to convince you as per their needs.whenever you try to raise your concerns regarding the course, you will get only one statement/answer like you are not attending sessions properly, not following the mentor instructions or you are not spending your time. They will never ever agree their mistakes and listen you concerns as well.Most pathetic part - When you say i am not satisfied with the course or if you ask for the cancellation and your money back, they simply say we don’t have refund policy at all and they will again try to convince you to the fullest with the flashy words/statements. It’s like mental harassment .My suggestions please don’t waste your hard money and time as well.if you are interested to learn data science and to make career transition , we have many institute in Bangalore who offer data science course, ML , AI course with very minimum fee ranges like 15–45k with excellent course structure so please don’t get fool y enrolling Springboard.All the videos/materials provided by springboard are available for free in YouTube .When the entire course material is free resources why they are charging 1.95 Lakhs I don’t understandMentor ship(mentor call) is something they make as a star of the program. But you will get to interact with your mentor once in a week only for half an hour.I never got a chance to discuss in detail with my mentor as there was a time constraints (mentor is be not available after 30min )Whatever the things/words which i explained above, it’s my pathetic experience and wasted money as well.I definitely made a wrong decision by joining Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"The mentor sessions were great and very flexible for times I was unavailable. My mentor was very understanding and super helpful whenever I had questions outside of our mentor calls. The curriculum was also easy to understand and helpful with both videos... Read More and reading material. I'd say the only con for me was just time-management. I was working full-time as a UI Designer and studying this UX course, which definitely did get hectic and limited my studying time. When trying to manage the work-life balance, organizing your time and sticking to a goal to finish the course is so important--especially for online courses!Read Less",springboard
"I took the intermediate level data science course using python. Overall, this is a good course to get someone started in this field. The curriculum is structured so that the student is led to the completion of a project, applying all the important stages... Read More of data science along the way (data cleaning, data storytelling, and modeling using machine learning)... Obviously, there is a ton of things going on in data science, so I would say that most of the topics are an introduction instead of a deep dive...this is a 100-hour course after all...To keep your progress in check, there is a weekly 30-minute call with a mentor who works in the field...I found these calls very helpful as I could get feedback on my project and help on the assignments...this course is self paced but you still get billed monthly regardless of how much of the curriculum was completed... therefore it is very important to not procrastinate.Read Less",springboard
"This program guided me in creating a strong process to follow with UX design. I really have had a transformational year that started with this program. I went from having no idea what to do with my life, to getting my first app design client one month... Read More into the program, to now working for a large AI company. My income went from about $5k a year doing random web projects to $10k a MONTH. It's really put a whole new level of direction in my life. I can't say that was to the program alone, it was also networking events and a lot of luck with finding the right connections. But my mentor has been everything to me in this process. She's been my voice of reason along the way and my secret weapon at upping my designs to a level beyond my experience. We still plan to meet even with the course being over. I really am a UX designer. This role has deeply become a part of my identity and I'm grateful for Springboard to have given me the tools necessary to be able to say that.Read Less",springboard
"I loved the experience that I had with Springboard. I felt that it truly gave me the knowledge and the skill set that I need to succeed. The course was long enough where I felt comfortable with the material, but not too long where I felt like I was learning... Read More the same things over and over. The course provides you the resources in order to be able to delve even deeper into topics, which is always awesome.Read Less",springboard
"Pro - they give you access to DatacampCon - it's definitely not worth the price- a bunch of links are outdated where you can't code along because libraries have changed.- mentor doesn't really do anything... just someone who you talk with once a week,... Read More but doesn't really help you learn or guide you...- overall you're better off using the free resources available online. Most the stuff on here is just links to those resources- also the job guarantee is based on how you do in the course. But given that the resources aren't great, you NEED to use external resources to do well in this course. If not, THERE IS NO JOB GUARANTEE. I mean if you're able to find resources and learn on your own, why would you need Springboard in the first place. Whatever, hopely others can learn from my mistake.Read Less",springboard
This is a great UX design program for anyone starting their career in the UX field. The mentors were amazing and the support team was always available. I truly feel that after the course I can call myself a UX designer because of all the valuable skills... Read More that I learnt.Read Less,springboard
"The Digital Marketing Career Track by Springboard is a curriculum that teaches you a surface level of full stack marketing where they use blogs from real marketers as course material. You go through projects at the end of every module using a specific... Read More technical tool like Google Analytics or Facebook Ads. At the end, you can complete one big capstone project to demonstrate a specific digital marketing skill you want to develop on. I did two. One was doing a product marketing capstone where I presented my sales deck and go-to-market blog for a specific real company product and actually presented to that company's employee. The second capstone involved running Google Ads for a nonprofit client for 4 weeks. The best and most helpful of all is your mentor who is a real industry expert and will walk with you throughout your entire course giving feedback and more.Read Less",springboard
"If you are looking for a career transition in data science field,I definitely recommend SpringBoard.All mentors are high qualified and most of them are working at big companies such as Tesla, Amazon, Facebook, Google, Mercedes etc...You will have a chance... Read More to see real world examples.You will be supported by experienced career coaches and dedicated student advisors as well until you find a job.Springboard is not only an ordinary bootcamp for me, it is a family to me.Read Less",springboard
"I had a good experience learning the Data Scientist job with Springboard. The curriculum is very complete and takes a lot of work. The online format is very convenient. I particularly appreciated the weekly calls with a mentor in Data Science. It was... Read More really helpful for feedbacks on exercises, for questions about the curriculum or about the job but also to guide us in the development of 2 capstones projects. The calls with career coaches was also very helpful to guide us in our job search, including mock interviews. I haven't found a job yet but based on my experience so far, I recommend this bootcamp. Read Less",springboard
"I've done a lot of schooling, but nothing like Springboard before. I felt supported in every way. There were times I had imposter syndrome, and whether it was my mentor, or my career coach or other students, I felt like I could see this course through.... Read More This course is worth every penny. I feel extremely prepared. The support team is amazing, and will help you in every step to be successful.Read Less",springboard
"Pros- Got me a job, great mentors, good curriculum, easy to understand exercises and classesCons- Not a fan of their career portion or coach, but good enough for me to get a job. Also, their projects can be a little confusing on what they're asking, but... Read More you can schedule a mentor call as soon as that day to get help.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard offers a deep understanding of Machine Learning techniques with good introduction to the mathematical background of it. Their mentor program is the selling point of this course, as you get one mentor who will coach you through the curriculum... Read More and helps on the capstone project. I recommend this course to anyone who already has a some background of ML and AI algorithms but wants to deep dive into the details and build its first end-to-end solution.Read Less",springboard
"One thing I like about Springboard's UX course is the capstone project. As a ux designer, you need a portfolio to demonstrate projects and very few bootcamps emphasis that in their curriculum. I also like the weekly mentor call. My mentor is very encouraging... Read More and very insightful, and I feel that I can ask any questions and not afraid of being criticized. I highly recommend this program to anyone who is interested in UX design.Read Less",springboard
"The Springboard UX Career Track was an excellent program and a great experience. I came out of it with a well-rounded, high-level education in UX best practices, and a decent portfolio with three case studies. The content is well-curated, and all the... Read More mentors I worked with were high-caliber experts in the field. The online community is helpful and students are very open to helping one another. I would highly recommended this program.However, there were a few downsides:• The program is advertised to be 350+ hours. I spent over 900 hours and 7 months, so plan your time wisely. Most people I know also put in this much time, not just me.• Weekly mentor calls are short and therefore rushed. Mentors don't have time to review your work before you submit it. Yes, you technically have ""unlimited"" mentor calls, but those are with a different mentor who is not up to speed on your project, and they are also limited to 30 minutes. Hour-long calls would have been sufficient.• If you do not have a background in visual design, you may struggle with this program as there is little training in visual design, however, I know Springboard now has a UX/UI career track, which I'd recommend if you need help with visual design. • They do not help with job placement, but do provide career coaching for 6 months after you're done the program.Read Less",springboard
"I had a great experience with Springboard.The course curriculum is really advanced. The mentor calls are the best part of the course. One can discuss the projects and the queries regarding the course, project etc. My mentors were Branco Kovac and Vivek... Read More Kumar. Branco helped me choose my Capstone project and further help and advice was given by Vivek. It was really great working with Branco and Vivek. The student advisors were very quick in responding to all the queries related to the course. Totally, it was a great experience learning at Springboard,Read Less",springboard
The coursework is very informative and on track to students success! Highly recommend!! The mentors are very knowledgeable and have tons and tons of industry experience. The coursework covers interviewing skills along with psychological and emotional... Read More intelligence training.Read Less,springboard
"The mentorship program at Springboard is the best part about it. Having weekly 1:1 calls with an industry professional really helps encourage the student as well as keep them on track to finish the course. After months of meeting weekly, I consider my... Read More mentor a friend, and his advice helped me not only in the technical aspects of the course, but also with resume reviews, interview questions, and future learning goals. If there was nothing else attached to Springboard, just the mentorship program makes it worth it. The only slight negative I experienced in the course was the career coaching. The first two career coaches I signed up for, ended up getting transferred to other career tracts within Springboard. Thus I had to sign up for a new career coach three different times. That being said, all three career coaches were knowledgeable, had good advice, and helped me with the job application process. Finally, Springboard helped me land a job! In under a year, I was able to switch professions and land a role in a tech start up with the help of Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"If you want to get a professional portfolio, a job and prepared to work hard, then this course is for you! Curriculum is well structured, packed with wealth of information and the projects are very compatible with the Current industry requirements. I... Read More was approached by agent and got the job while i was still doing the course! Best of luck!Read Less",springboard
"The Data Science Career Track program at Springboard provides an in depth curriculum to gain conceptual and practical understanding of tackling data science problems. Each unit provides interactive and lecture based content that helps teach the necessary... Read More tools and topics for each step in a data science process. In addition, mentorship is provided as you will get to take lead of two capstone projects to use the skills from the curriculum, which is a huge plus for your portfolio. Career based resources are provided throughout the program, such as resume/cover letter building, networking, and interview prep which was a huge help in the job seeking process. Overall, the program will help students understand and confidently approach all sorts of data science problems and challenges, as well as, prepare you to get a data science or analyst position.Read Less",springboard
"I was initially very nervous when I started the UX Career Track because it was so new, but the job guarantee and price made it very appealing comapred to other bootcamps. I jumped in and was incredibly surprised by the challenging coursework. Pros: This... Read More course leads you through creating a capstone project of your choosing, which is great because I've heard of other bootcamps giving every student the same projects (doesn't make for very interesting portfolios). They even match students up with a real company to gain some industry experience working in UX. I experienced some delays with my industry project, so Springboard extended my program for free and helped me communicate with the company to keep me on track. They are really great about giving students support and resolving issues quickly. Besides the great curriculum that helped me go from not fully understanding what UX is to feeling confident I can do well in a UX position, Springboard provided me with an outstanding mentor who will continue to be a helpful resource for me. They also continue to provide career support after you complete the program, so you're not just left to figure it out on your own. Cons: I'm not really sure yet. They offer a 6 month job guarantee, but to qualify you have to follow their instructions to make sure you're giving the job search all you've got. I haven't landed any interviews just yet, but hopefully soon. Overall, I think completing this Springboard course was the best thing I could have done to jumpstart my UX career and I can't wait to enter the field.Read Less",springboard
Pros: The mentorship aspect is very helpful for students who are not familiar with the course material and software's used.Mentors are flexible with their timing of when they can teach online.Cons: The certification process is a bit informal with no proper... Read More process of when the certificate will be delivered to the student.Read Less,springboard
"I think overall this is a great place to gain some basic knowledge about user experience design and I had a great experience. The followings are my personal take on the pros, cons and suggestions: Pros: 1. mentorship is the most beneficial part of the... Read More program and it helped me to grow as a designer 2. industry design project provides the opportunity to pair with a real company and work on real-world projects Cons: 1. no data to show the success rate of alumni landing jobs when I started and it made me really nervous 2. sometimes, I wonder if the mentors are not critical enough to help me identify more area for improvements Suggestions: 1. it would help to have alumni share tips on how to navigate through some of the tricky parts of the program 2. it would be great to have support/tools on course work planning - to better prepare and anticipate the next step ahead of timeRead Less",springboard
"I had an amazing experience with springboard. I had a rocky stary because I didn't match well with my mentor and it was causing some issues. Springboard took care of everything in a really professional and compassionate manner. They rematched me with... Read More a mentor that was a much better fit and I loved my experience from then on! I really enjoyed everyone that I interacted with, from the advisors to the career coaches and the mentors! I would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a bootcamp!Read Less",springboard
Switchup has excellent coverage of Bootcamps. One topic that would be helpful is the method of teaching of Bootcamps and Study Material and recommended Textbooks for each specific program as well as Statistics / Math material required for Data Science.... Read MoreRead Less,springboard
"I honestly did not expect the curriculum to go so in depth and teach me so much. In six months I learned what would probably have taken me a whole year in university to learn. Springboard truly helped me every step of the way and my mentor was absolutely... Read More amazing. I would definitely recommend the UX Career track to anyone interested in entering the UX field, but if you're thinking of going into UX Design I would definitely take the new UX/UI course available.Read Less",springboard
I enjoyed working with a mentor in the industry weekly. It made me feel like I wasn't alone like some online courses can make you feel. I liked the structure of the course which led up to a final project that could be used as part of a portfolio. Seeing... Read More the progress bar move with each step was nice to see a finish line. Sharing the instructions and rubric for each project was helpful to be able to refer to as needed. I never used the office hours but I wish I would have looked into them. I didn't really understand the pause options (instead of just cancelling your weekly meeting with your mentor) but maybe they could be beneficial.Read Less,springboard
The course and capstone project where really great and I learned a lot of ux techniques. it was pretty intense and a lot of work every week to stay on track to complete in under 6 months. Really prepares you for getting a job in ux. The job support is... Read More really good and if you don’t get a ux job in 6 months you get a full refundRead Less,springboard
"As a graphic designer, I wanted to add UX to my skills. I went in with the intention of finishing in 3 months. If you have a busy life, this might be challenging. In the end it took me 5 months. But it was worth it. I learned every stage of the design... Read More process - from how to research and gather data, to how to interpret that data, ideate and create a prototype - with my mentor guiding me every step of the way. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in starting UX.Read Less",springboard
"I'm currently enrolled in the UX Career Track program and I love it. Going into it I wasn't sure what to expect, but so far, I'm very satisfied with the skills taught throughout the course. The course has a capstone project that sits as the backbone of... Read More the overall curriculum. With each unit you complete, you add to your capstone project. This style gives you an immediate opportunity to apply the skills you learned during the unit and solidify the new knowledge. Even though I'm only partially through the course, I've already been able to apply lots of the skills and tools I'm learning to my current. For me, it's been a really effective means of growing my skillset.Tip: make sure you're making progress each month. Like many, I probably procrastinated longer than I should have and have been left cramming a bit towards the later months. The staff has been very accommodating with the course freezes though.Read Less",springboard
"I enrolled in Springboard's UX Career Track in April 2019. I was able to finish in eight months and still get the job guarantee. What I liked the most was the one on one weekly mentor calls and the community on Slack. With those tools I was able to have... Read More any of my questions answered. Springboard also really prepares you to work in the industry, since in order to be eligible for the job guarantee, you need to pass a behavioral mock interview and a portfolio walkthrough, which are the two types of interviews you have to go through when applying for UX jobs. I am now excited to start my job search and look forward to keeping in touch with everyone on the Slack community.Read Less",springboard
"This course gives an extremely broad foundation for getting into ML/AI/DS careers. The weekly mentoring is perhaps the best part, and having weekly meetings with an experienced member in the field pays huge dividends, especially as you find yourself changing... Read More jobs or feeling like some impostor to the field.You will become extremely knowledge about the math and proof of concept stage to getting machine learning-based projects off the ground. I think this is helpful, but could improve in many ways for 2020.1. More emphasis on deploying systems and system design. The curriculum delves very little into cloud services (AWS, GCP, Azure), preferring a more open-source based model. I think this is good in general, but machine learning engineers are inevitably going to be using one of these services in their careers. The course gives you credits for AWS, but little attention is paid in the curriculum to its use cases. Given all the time spent in the course, reading other paid material like ""Grokking the System Design Interview"" shouldn't be necessary if the curriculum is better formed. 2. Techniques other than machine learning. It's kind of ironic to ask a course like this to do something other than ML, but knowing when ML is useful and when other techniques are appropriate (from heuristics to Deep RL) does not really get much attention.3. More work on data collection. It would be much more helpful if the course explained more further up the pipeline on how to collect, ETL, and store data to make ML possible. It might be an old school way of thinking, but many companies have older data systems that need to be understood in order to get to the interesting ML portions.Read Less",springboard
"Pros:- learned lots of new information that seems very helpful- lots of resources for both technical and soft skills- career services- mentor was very helpfulCons:- the course requires practice interviews, but scheduling these was a nightmare (plus, there... Read More is a chance that the person you were supposed to interview might not even show up at the scheduled time)Read Less",springboard
"Springboard made learning interesting and manageable with their program strategy of online learning with an appointed mentor. I needed to advance my analytics technical skills fairly quickly and have it fit into a very busy schedule of full time job and... Read More family. I was able to learn on my own time and begin the capstone projects, picking my own dedicated times. What made it a fantastic experience is the Mentor program that is part of Springboards curriculum. I was able to schedule time with my mentor based on my availability and he was flexible when work meetings or home crisis arose. The weekly hours dedicated to me kept me on track. The Community meeting options that lets you share your hurdles with others taking the course was also helpful getting me through the more difficult case studies. I received my certification and have gained tremendous confidence in the skills I've learned. Thanks Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard did a really good job in putting together all the coursework and materials together. The materials and topics were up to date and quite relevant to the latest trends in machine learning. Even though the coursework and videos might have come... Read More from different sources and might seem unstructured, the content was useful and pointed you in the right direction in case you wanted to delve into that subject using resources you found on your own. Hands-on mini-projects for certain topics were crucial in helping gain a practical understanding of the subject matter. The one-on-one weekly meetings with the mentor were an invaluable experience. The coursework and videos will take up a lot of your time and sometimes it is hard staying on track, especially while trying to work on the capstone project in parallel. Overall, it was well worth the time and effort!Read Less",springboard
"Seriously, Springboard got the job done.Excellent experience. My favorite part was the mentor. This contributed to my growth as a Data Scientist immensely. Also, they were super prompt with any questions I had, and giving prompt feedback on my projects.... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
"I recently completed the Springboard UX Career Track program, and it was a fantastic experience. Very comprehensive, wonderful mentors and coaches, job search support, and the opportunity to work with a real company on a real project. I would highly recommend!... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
"This course was a good and quick in depth overview of data tools and use cases that you would use in real life as a Business Analyst. I loved the class for a couple reasons, one was I had an incredible mentor and two was the resources they give you and... Read More portfolio you make from the course.I highly recommend it for anyone who is looking to gain more skills in analyticsRead Less",springboard
"The curriculum is a repository of programs from Datacamp, Linkedin Learning, Khan Academy and some Lectures from other University classes. So, one may argue why to pay Springboard for the materials which are already available online or can be purchased... Read More with a much lesser fee?As a student who has just completed the curriculum, I would say, Springboard would guide you in the proper direction. With so many materials available over the internet, as a newbie in Data Science, one may get overwhelmed. This curriculum will tell you what to learn, will provide you some study materials to learn from and finally there will be hands-on exercises to apply the knowledge. I personally appreciate my Mentor's guidance and the opportunity to work on 2 Capstone Projects. Also, I have learned a few Networking skills which I didn't know even after having 10 years of Industry experience. Finally, my take-aways are some technical skills in Data Analysis, Visualization Techniques and Machine Learning algorithms, some soft skills in building resume and networking and lots of motivation to discover the story behind Data.Read Less",springboard
"Great program to learn data science by applying what you learn, and building your own portfolio. You will work along with industry experts, who will guide you through the entire process end-to-end. There will be times when you will feel lost, struggling... Read More with the unknowns. I think that is the beauty of the program which prepares you to solve the real world problems as well as deal with ambiguity.Read Less",springboard
"This program is different than anything I have every taken online. Springboard makes sure that you have everything you need to start a new career. I found that having a mentor throughout the whole process, makes the learning easier. I also found that... Read More the unlimited calls that you can call other mentors when your stuck if you need another person to look at your work. This is the most positive place and everyone is so friendly and nice. Everyone is so helpful and want you to have the most success.Read Less",springboard
"I had a good experience overall attending the Springboard Data Science Career Track. My mentor was very helpful in terms of completing the two required capstone projects. I enjoyed the online format and thought that the Harvard lectures were very helpful... Read More and in-depth, which I appreciated. I do wish there had been some more incorporated review, because I feel like it was a lot of material and I am forgetting a lot of it already.I felt that the career services support was good, because they are actually invested in getting you a job because of the job guarantee, unlike some other bootcamps which will remain unnamed that I was considering. It would be nice if they had more opportunities available specifically for Springboard students.Read Less",springboard
"Pros:Nice and organized curriculum, with mini hands-on projects.Continuous help from the mentor (real Data Scientist working in industry)Remote and part-time. So you can maintain your present job while working on this.Opportunity to work on two capstone... Read More projects with the help and support from your mentor.Career coaches are there to help with your resume/LinkedIn profile, networking and the soft skills.Mock interviews to prepare.Cons:No in house lectures/ they are tied up with Data camp/Khan Academy/ LinkedIn learning mostly for all lectures.Everything is remote, so you might loose motivation sometimes, where in person bootcamps are like a real school.Not all the mentors are equally caring and helpful.Read Less",springboard
"I chose Springboard based on 3 things, Affordability, Flexibility, and Material. Springboard checked all three boxes for me and had just launched their Career Track UX Program, so it was a no-brainer that I was going with them. Throughout my curriculum,... Read More I learned all the key elements to prepare me for a job in UX Design and was able to walk-through the course with my mentor by my side. Honestly, I highly recommend this course, I did the research for you and it all points to Springboard. I even recommended a friend before I finished because I liked it so much. If you're looking for an affordable, online-only option, this is your best bet.Read Less",springboard
"BEWARE Again: Springboard is pushing switchup.org hard to take down my review everytime I post it here. My experience with them lately is very pathetic. I used to live in Calgary with my husband. But, because of the false promises of Springboard as advertised,... Read More and still, keep advertising on their webpage regarding the job guarantee program — I moved to Toronto with a hope to get a job. I attended their mentorship calls, took advice from career coaches and applied required jobs here in Toronto. I did my best to developing a reasonable network. Unfortunately, I have not yet secured any jobs. Although, they advertise that they have partners in Toronto — in reality, I doubt, since I have not seen anything here. I can tell you that there are other students, did the same course, arrived in Toronto — however, no luck of getting a job. Springboard is not helpful at all, all they are doing now, are blaming the students. They are even breaking their contract of refunding the full tuition if a student is unable to secure a job within 6 months after the completion. I will soon write a medium article about my experience with screenshots of all my claims. This is something Springboard advertised and promised, and stilling doing that, not by us. They should never have highlighted any tempting binding contracts to deceive students.Read Less",springboard
"The course is long, 6 months, dedicating 20 hours a week at least. Lots of materials that not originally produced by Springboard, but are curated by them. The quality level of the material (video, articles and mini-courses) features some ups and downs.... Read More The course mixes up notebook assignments with a big Capstone Project, which is planned to be delivered in phases. You have an assigned mentor, who is an experience professional to support mainly on the Capstone Project. Overall, an excellent course, which can really contribute to one's career development.Read Less",springboard
"I have attended 2 of Springboard programs, one in R and the other the data Science career track. I got a job offer almost at the end of the program and I recommend this program to anyone who is seeking a data science job. the mentor and all the other... Read More resources they offer, the office hours, and the curriculum is really well thought out.Read Less",springboard
"The pros of attending the UX Design course at Springboard is that they break the course down to make it easy for everyone to understand. Learning something new is always great especially when the information is clear to you and that's what Springboard... Read More did with this course. At first I was nervous about not being able to get a clear understanding through the course, but after completing the the course you see the entire picture and look back and now understand the whole process that goes in to UX Design. The cons I would say would be that some parts of the curriculum involves a lot of reading. For me, having videos that explain things to you are more effective for me so I would have enjoyed seeing more learning videos because you also get a visual of what you're learning.Read Less",springboard
"I took the course, not the career track. I learned a lot from this class. This is a great introduction to the UX process. The information, articles and resources are good but the best part is:1. Hands on project2. Mentor and weekly calls3. Weekly office... Read More hoursRead Less",springboard
"Like many students, I made the pivot to learn ux design and chose Springboard...it was the best decision I ever made. Their curriculum, weekly mentorship, internship and job guarantee is difficult to compare with other programs. The curriculum covered... Read More everything from theory to actual design tools and more importantly, the portfolio! I shared my portfolio with other ux designers in the industry and they were impressed with the quality of work that went into the case studies. My mentor was excellent! He challenged me to become a better ux designer and I appreciated his feedback so I can learn how to be better. Springboard's UX Design Career Track provided me with the tools I needed to confidently enter into a new career. It was a great learning experience.Read Less",springboard
I am a Human Factors engineer. I enrolled in this course because I love the UX side of the job and this course gave me the necessary tools &amp; guidance which my grad school lacked in. The one-to-one mentoring is very helpful. The flexibility that Springboard... Read More provides has helped me to finish this course in half the expected time.Read Less,springboard
"A little background: I'm currently about 25% through Springboard's Data Science Career Track program. My professional background is in higher education. I recently completed a PhD in philosophy and have experience teaching undergraduate philosophy courses.... Read More I have minimal background in math beyond the high school level, but my philosophy degrees have prepared me for the sort of technical and critical thinking skills used in data science. I'm doing the Springboard program to make a career change. I completed most of Springboard's Data Science Prep Course, which I found helpful, before being accepted into the Career Track program.Review: Overall, my experience in the Career Track program has been pretty good so far. My impression is that the quality of one's experience with the program depends largely on the quality of one's mentor. My mentor was initially pretty poor, and I had a difficult time understanding his accent. But I reached out to Springboard early in the program, and they helped reassign me to a new mentor. Thankfully, my new mentor is excellent and has dramatically improved my experience. I'm in a study group with other students, and I've gotten the impression that their mentors are so-so. I have learned a lot so far in the program, and I've been especially happy with Springboard's ""customer support"" (very friendly and helpful) and career support (they get you started on job stuff early on in the program). A fair portion of the data science curriculum (so far) has consisted of Datacamp exercises. Springboard partners with Datacamp, and students get free access to Datacamp courses. Honestly, I haven't been that impressed with the Datacamp courses. They are helpful for gaining superficial exposure to tools and skills used in data science, but they don't cultivate a deep understanding. I will say that the time estimates Springboard gives (completion in 6 months, working 15-20 hrs a week) are pretty unrealistic. Most of my study group (including me) is working on the course full time, and we are all on track to finish in 5 months (at the earliest), and probably more like 6 months. Unless you already have significant data science experience, don't expect to finish the program in under 5 months, and possibly even under 6 months.Overall, given my experience so far, I would probably recommend (pretty highly) Springboard's program to people (depending on their circumstances). I'm happy to discuss my experience with people if anyone would like to know more, especially people with an academic background in the humanities. You can find me on LinkedIn and around the web if you look (e.g. philpeople.org). Feel free to reach out.Read Less",springboard
"The program is much longer than the 350+ hours advertised. As a full time student, I was hoping to finish in 3-4 months, but ended up finishing around 5 months (not accounting for the pause/break I took in-between). If you're a part time student with... Read More a full time job, you most likely will be looking at more than 6 months depending on your pace. You'll also be paired with a mentor and it's a coin toss on whether or not you'll get a good one. With that being said, the program is flexible and the Springboard staff is dedicated to helping you work through your schedule. If you end up with a mentor who isn't helpful, make the effort to communicate issues and give it a fair chance. If the issues continue, talk to your student advisor and he/she will pair you up with a different mentor. I've personally experienced this and was later paired with an incredible mentor. My student advisor was also incredibly compassionate, kind, and helpful during my Springboard journey. I would say, in general, the whole staff from operations, mentorship, and career services were amazing. I was debating between this program and others, but I am grateful that I chose Springboard. The way I see it, there will be difficulties and hardships in any program. What's really important are the people behind the program and whether or not they'll support you throughout your journey. I feel like my concerns were always properly addressed and that the Springboard staff were genuinely invested in helping me succeed. I just finished the program and received my certificate of completion today. Yay! If you're interested in trying out the program, here's a referral link for $500 off your first course. https://www.springboard.com/invite/0RQ65 Good luck with whatever you decide! You got this. :)Read Less",springboard
"Joining Springboard is one of the best decisions I have made in my life. I believe all education should start to follow this model -- make education quick and affordable. Springboard teaches the essentials to get you a job as a Data Scientist.This is... Read More one of the best boot camps in America right now. They are very selective on who gets in, they really want to make sure you are serious about your career switch. They take your education seriously. The support during the program is amazing. The whole community and the career coach, mentor are just the best and most supportive people in the program. This is what makes Springboard career track great. That support is amazing and very much needed when you are on your job search. I will say it is not easy, it will take dedication and perseverance to keep yourself going everyday. But never give up. The job search can be frustrating and hard. But with career coach and the community they will give you the support you need to get through it. No matter what ,keep learning and you will get a job!Read Less",springboard
"Pros: Project based curriculum, lots of mentor support, great resources that are immediately applicable, gives a great overview of processes so you are able to adapt to different workflows as needed.Cons: Time consuming (but aren't all courses?). Some... Read More of the resources/videos were a bit old. Also, my first mentor had to drop out of the program, meaning I had a new mentor switch in midway through my experience. Because of this I had to redo a few pieces of work based on the new mentor's requirements. This made the course take longer than I originally intended. I think I was just unlucky with this however.Read Less",springboard
"Get a much closer look into data analytics/science field with mentor and the curriculum is very helpful to get into the industry.In Toronto, there is no learning circle to discuss and collaborate with other students. If there are more students in Toronto,... Read More it will be very much more exciting.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is a great bootcamp with amazing mentor support, and an ongoing career coaching support! It challenges students to develop their portfolios and exposes them to effective interviewing skills when it comes to data science and machine learning... Read More jobs. With an active community, Springboard encourages students to attend meetups and conferences when possible. It helped me personally to complete my journey from being a chemical engineer into a data scientist!Read Less",springboard
I HAD A GREAT EXPERIENCE TAKING THIS COURSE. WISHED I HAD COME ACROSS IT EARLIER. PROS: MENTOR WAS HELPFUL IN GIVING ME FEEDBACK AND ASSISTANCE. RESOURCES THROUGHOUT THE CURRICULUM WAS HELPFUL. FLEXIBLE SCHEDULE. LEARNED AT OWN PACE. CAPSTONE PROJECT... Read More HELPED TO SEE WHAT THE UX FIELD DOES.Read Less,springboard
"The Springboard Data Science Career Track 6-month course has taught me a lot. The curriculum is set up very well. You start by learning Python basics, then go into inferential statistics, machine learning, software engineering, etc. Throughout the course... Read More their are 2 major capstones that you build from scratch. Links to my projects are below. I've learned so much but please do not think that you can spend 10 hours a week on the course and complete it. I spent 3-4 hours every night during the week and some weekend days working on the course. And I will mention that I did not do the job guarantee since I already enjoy working at my current company so you will need to add more time to do the job guarantee sections.Overall I highly recommend the Springboard Data Science Career Track. It is kind of pricy but they do have payment plans. I personally did not pay for the course as my company picked up the cost but just remember that you get what you paid for. I can't wait to start applying my knowledge to the real-world!Capstone 1: https://github.com/brocknosbisch/Springboard_Capstone_1Capstone 2: https://github.com/brocknosbisch/Springboard_Capstone_2LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/brocknosbisch/Read Less",springboard
"I enjoyed the Springboard UX Career Track program! Haven taken other UX design curriculum, Springboard’s coursework was much more up-to-date pulling a broad range of resources which I appreciated when thinking about real world application. My mentor has... Read More become a life long mentor who was very supportive about my particular UX journey. I enjoyed that capstone and research projects which were more personalized compared to other UX programs I’ve participated in. This allowed me to stay highly engaged throughout the coursework.Pros:- Self paced and flexible programing- Optimal Resources - Unique project opportunities- Responsive StaffCons:- Could provide a more compelling and accurate pricing structure that reflects the average completion time for students.Read Less",springboard
Springboard UX design is a thothought and comprehensive online course for those who are interested in UXUI but had zero experience. It had prepared me from the start by introducing basic concept to hands-on experience by creating a capstone project. A... Read More plus of the course would be the once-a-week mentor call that really keeped me on track and answered all the questions.Read Less,springboard
Overall my experience with Springboard was great. All the material you could want is in one place and well planned out. instructions were pretty clear and up to date. The course is applicable to the current job market too. Now to the point of my review.... Read More The mentor you get assigned to is an invaluable resource. They work in the field you're studying and having feedback from a professional is what made the course for me.Read Less,springboard
Springboard UX design is a thothought and comprehensive online course for those who are interested in UXUI but had zero experience. It had prepared me from the start by introducing basic concept to hands-on experience by creating a capstone project. A... Read More plus of the course would be the once-a-week mentor call that really keeped me on track and answered all the questions.Read Less,springboard
"- Independent of your background, you can finish this program, on your way and with all the mentoring support that you need. The program encourage you to be creative to face challenging capstone projects. - Opportunity to work in topics where you really... Read More feel passion, using the new learnt skills.- Excellent professional coaching and final interviews to prepare yourself for the next steps and to build networking.- The program might include more content and mini-projects related to PySpark and sense of programming at scale.- Some tutorials on curriculum are a little longs. They could be shorter (including just the essential content). The curriculum has a couple of own videos -introducing the chapters and coaching advices-. Maybe they could work in their own technical videos. - Some people could need a little more support about datasets and available tools for capstone projects. Maybe in the first chapter, the curriculum could includes links to datasets and examples of projects to guide them.Read Less",springboard
"Mentor sessions alone were worth the money I pad. Career coaching was also awesome. I wish there was more original content in the curriculum, but there's so much great content out there already. I left the course with a job which was awesome obviously.... Read More Finished in the expected 6 monthsRead Less",springboard
"I think Springboard shines for individuals who are very well driven but need the structure in order to succeed and keep momentum going. Regular lessons and course material keeps you feeling as though you are accomplishing something and learning, meanwhile... Read More providing reference material for work outside of Springboard. The mentors are great and provide useful advice and useful context. However, be prepared that it is an intense amount of material even if you are already familiar with the concepts you are learning. It is hard to reach the deadlines, especially if you work during the day. This course will definitely consume your free time for about half a year. After completing you will be able to show your dedication to the field and have a couple of projects that you can show an employer demonstrating your abilities. I would recommend it for those who can commit the time, but it may not be for everybody.Read Less",springboard
I have been trying to learn UX design online through various courses online. Springboard course was by far the best. I was able to learn all the aspects of UX design. The course touches (but does not go into too much detail) upon all the stages of product... Read More design. They have a one-one mentorship program which is quite helpful if you want to get any questions or doubts resolved. It is a self paced program so it is helpful for people who are working fulltime or have busy schedulesRead Less,springboard
"Making the transition from a 10 year career in Marketing to one in UX Design was a big career change for me but I'm happy I've made the jump. Coming from someone with no design experience, the course work was easy to follow and challenging in some areas,... Read More but everything was do-able (it just took me a little bit more time to complete).In terms of the curriculum, flexibility, staff support, and design projects, I will say that the UX Design Career Track is a well rounded course compared to all of the other online options. I felt guided and supported from start to finish and I'm really thankful I get to have continued career coach support for 6 months after finishing the course, to ensure I find a job. I'm proud of the work I was able to create with the help of my Springboard mentor, and I'm excited to immerse myself in the UX Design world.Read Less",springboard
"I was really happy with my experience with Springboard. They really value the importance of helping their students find a job and give them as many resources as possible. You have a career coach who you check in with and helps you improve your resume,... Read More Linkedin profile and other job related things such as interviewing.Springboard also offers a mentor who guides you along the way of the course, weekly check ins and if needed more than once a week. Everyone is super flexible as some people like myself are completing this course while still working full time.Read Less",springboard
Great course for someone looking to start a career in digital marketing. Lots of great information and resources. One-on-one mentoring every week with industry experts. You can choose to do Google Ads Online Marketing Challenge as your capstone project... Read More which levels up your resume as you get matched with a non-profit and work with them to help them improve their marketing and google ads. This is an amazing opportunity. Springboard support and advisors were nothing but amazing and flexible. Highly recommended!Read Less,springboard
"I have just finished the Data Science Career track program at Springboard. I picked Springboard over the other data science course because of two main reasons:1. I was able to work my current job and complete the coursework in the evenings and the weekends... Read More2. My mentor was extremely helpful and guided to build a good foundation in machine learning and neural networks3. The staff is great, understanding and respectful and my student advisor was really prompt in replying to any queries4. The career courches are very passionate and experienced which matters especially when you are on verge of making a career change and you need someone to keep you motivatedRead Less",springboard
"I finished off the ""intermediate Data Science with Python"" course in September 2019. My background was a master's degree in operations research and an undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering. My prior programming experience consisted only of MATLAB... Read More from my time in graduate school.I highly recommend this course for someone with a background that is similar to mine who wishes to evaluate their interest in data science and machine learning. The ""go at your own pace"" approach allows for students to take the time they need to fill in any gaps in their background and to really understand the course material before moving on. But at the same time, the weekly calls keep the student on track and motivated. I was quite happy with the guidance and supervision I received from my course mentor. The course material and assignments were well selected and the chronology that they were presented in works well also. Student support was excellent. When I identified some issues with my first mentor that indicated a poor fit, student support reached out for a phone call, took the time to understand the situation and promptly assigned me to a new mentor.Read Less",springboard
Great program. Much more confident in my Excel skills and have a solid foundation in Tableau and SQL. My mentor was a fantastic teacher and was able to relate my new skills to my current work. I am now able to utilize my new skills at my current role... Read More and will be able to include that when I look for new ones.Read Less,springboard
"Springboard has solid course material that guides you through the design process. However, what really sets them apart is the mentor connection. Your mentor takes the material you learned and really solidifies it with feedback and real world examples.... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
Springboard offered just the right resources for my UX Design course in the small amount of time. They provided many great articles and videos as well as clear instructions for the project. The mentor calls were also great in receiving feedback from a... Read More trusted person in the field.Read Less,springboard
"The content of the course is big, and have a lot of resources. Also my mentors have a lot of experience in the field and were both working professionals. They give me feedback on things that I need to improve. Designing for mobile I think the content... Read More is not up to date. I think should be more resent studies, specially in the way how people use their phone, if is with one hand or two hands, because I think most of the people uses their phone with two hands since the size of the phones had been increasing in resent years.Read Less",springboard
"The Springboard UX Career Track is a great option for a UX design bootcamp if you're looking for something that's not crazy expensive, would like some flexibiity in schedule, and would like some guidance in what steps to take and what topics to learn... Read More more about if you're trying to switch career paths into the field of UX. The curriculum is completely online and self-paced, so it is completely feasible to work a full-time or part-time job while completing this bootcamp depending on how much time per day you would like to commit. The weekly mentor calls with a working UX professional and scheduled calls with a career coach are also super helpful. They also offer on-demand mentor calls if you would like to discuss your projects/curriculum more that once a week. The Career Track specifically also offers a six month job guarentee where you get continued career coaching for the next six months after completing the bootcamp as long as you finish all the bootcamp requirements within the set time. Overall, I had a great experience with Springboard! I just finished the bootcamp and am currently job hunting.Read Less",springboard
"I highly recommend the UX Career Track to folks looking for a comprehensive curriculum suited to prepare you for a life's work in design. The student advisors and Springboard team at-large were a pleasure to work with, extremely professional and tactful... Read More and always helpful. The 1-1 mentor benefit, in my experience, augmented the material and all the projects and, really, all the learning in such a valuable way. It's a long journey and it's a lot of work but Springboard facilitates excellent coordination throughout.Read Less",springboard
"Completing a couple well thought-out projects is really valuable, especially for someone who doesn't have any work experience in data science. Doing these types of projects would have been very difficult on my own. Additionally, having a mentor to consult... Read More with every step of the way provided reassurance more than once. You always knew you had help if you got stuck. Lastly, I really enjoyed the community aspect of the course. It provided a forum for Q/A, and often my question had already been asked by another student, so I was able to get an answer immediately. This was great for those moments when you're stuck on an assignment and don't want to wait for your mentor's email or call. Advice for those considering the course:1. Keep a steady pace. Plan out in advance how much you will work on the course each day.2. Work hard on all the assignments, but especially the projects. What you put in is what you get out.Read Less",springboard
"Overall, I had a very nice experience with SpringBoard. The most useful resources to me are my career coach and mentor. My career coach is extremely supportive, and helped me throughout and always gave me very prompt replies. I recommend prior experience... Read More with Python otherwise the 6 month timeline is difficult to achieve.Read Less",springboard
"At first, I was a little nervous taking this course due to my limited background in this particular field, but I felt that it was a necessary component to add to my profile to help further my career. Following the introduction meeting, before the course... Read More started, the student advisors took time to answer any questions those starting the course had and did let us all know that this course was designed for those with limited experience in this field, which soothed my nerves. They also let us know that they (the student advisors) were there for any questions or concerns we may have had throughout the duration of the course, which was also very calming. When the course started, your mentor set up weekly Skype chats and you have your first introductory call with them, where you discuss your previous background, what it is you hope to gain from completing the course and ultimately, get to know them.When starting the course, you are presented with a library of knowledge for Excel with readthroughs and instructional videos ranging from basics to more advanced functions which becomes very helpful as the course moves on. It was also great that you can revisit these lessons, any time you get stuck.As you move forward into the case studies, you are given all the information needed. Extra material is provided that will help you specifically for the case you are working on complete with mock scenarios. What is required of you in each case study, is laid out in a way that is easy to follow and removes any guessing on your part.Although I was told to make sure your mentor is right for you and you feel comfortable working with them, mine was very helpful and knowledgable. **Do make sure you feel this way, if not, speak to your student advisor** They are there to help and guide you, not give you the answers and your weekly calls are key to being successful. They will review your progress and give you revisions to make if needed.Each case study I completed, focused on a different scenario (Forecasting, Root Cause Analysis, and Customer Segmentation) and really help me see the data I work with on a daily basis in a new light and made me think to myself, ""I could be doing better at this"" and as I was moving along in the course, I felt that my work had changed also, so I was taking what I learned and applying it immediately.FInal thoughts: It is a great course if you are looking to expand your knowledge in this particular field. The material is easy to follow and you stand to learn a lot from it.Read Less",springboard
"You can really tell how much work Springboard puts into developing their students- there's been a lot of talk about people dropping out of this course but if you put in the effort, the Springboard team really does support you every step of the way. They... Read More made sure I was matched with a brilliant mentor, had on-demand mentor calls with plenty of availability, and they're even starting in-person meetups or recommending events/workshops to go to so it doesn't feel like a disconnected online experience. It's totally worth the price and will give you the right skills and real insight to fuel your job search after completing the course.Read Less",springboard
If you're looking to get into UX Design but don't know where to start. Springboard's curriculum is the one to go with. You'll work with a UX Mentor and a career coach. Don't need design experience.,springboard
"I had done my research into choosing this course, and it is the best school to sign up for if you are working full-time. The curriculum is well-paced and offered a lot of technical coursework to supplement my existing knowledge on product design. The... Read More support I received was absolutely fantastic. Everyone was gracious and understanding to my needs. I also noticed the community has been growing quickly since I've last sign up.Read Less",springboard
"I took one online course (Introduction to Data Science: python) in springboard and I love it. Well, I did not know that much about python and machine learning. It was self-paced, started from learning python and then moved toward machine learning. I had... Read More a good experience working with my mentor. The mentor had good experience and knowledge. I do need a more advanced course in machine learning, but I feel confident to go forward. All in all, I definitely recommend this course provided by Springboard :)Read Less",springboard
"Enrolling at Springboard was one of the best decisions I've ever made. I decided I wanted to be a data scientist while I was working on my Mechanical Engineering degree. A couple of months before graduating, I searched for Data Science bootcamps that... Read More could offer me a pathway to attaining a data science position. I found Springboard during my search and was really impressed by how intensive and rich the program was. Needless to say, enrolling has been one of the best decisions of my life. The assignments, reading and projects really help prepare you to be a data scientist and the career support is world class. I would highly encourage anyone looking to get the skills to be a data scientist, to really consider enrolling in Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"Enrolling at Springboard was one of the best decisions I've ever made. I decided I wanted to be a data scientist while I was working on my Mechanical Engineering degree. A couple of months before graduating, I searched for Data Science bootcamps that... Read More could offer me a pathway to attaining a data science position. I found Springboard during my search and was really impressed by how intensive and rich the program was. Needless to say, enrolling has been one of the best decisions of my life. The assignments, reading and projects really help prepare you to be a data scientist and the career support is world class. I would highly encourage anyone looking to get the skills to be a data scientist, to really consider enrolling in Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"Very well managed program, teaches you the ins and outs of R and who to process data properly and learn to code",springboard
"I had a great experience with my mentor. The course material could be a little more robust, and have more real life examples and current case studies. It was sometimes hard to apply the general info in the course to the project I was working on. But overall... Read More it was informative, and I always got good advice and feedback from my mentor.Read Less",springboard
"I'm so thankful I enrolled in this bootcamp. The curriculum was very comprehensive, delving into statistical concepts, data wrangling, and Python with machine learning applications (and more). The mini projects and 2 capstone reports really allowed me... Read More to hone my Python and analytical skills. Moreover, the career support and the mentor support were invaluable. Having weekly calls with my mentor really helped in terms of direction for my projects and with any miscellaneous curriculum questions. Interviewing skills and networking is part of the curriculum, so you're set up for success from the beginning. I was able to get a Data Science job (albeit with prior data experience) after 3 months of the the bootcamp; the portfolio I've created through Springboard was a major asset in my interviewing process.Read Less",springboard
"I started out on the Digital Marketing Career Track only to land a job half way through the course so they allowed me to finish the program within the Professional Track. This alone speakes volumes to the flexibility and support the program brings to... Read More bear. I have over 10 years B2B Email Marketing and Website management experience, but it was dated (early 2000s). Thus, I was looking for a way to upgrade my skill set and also use real-world experiences. For example, I was able to partner with a local Family Law Practice that was just getting off the ground and use their business as my main project to build demand generation and other Digital Marketing tactics around using real dollars. It was awesome to see how the curriculum, and great support from an industry specific mentor melded well together to allow me to build and execute a Digital Marketing Plan for the law firm. I then also had practical experience to apply elsewhere and demonstrate to employers I had some level of expertise in some of the newer Digital Marketing areas I lacked from my past positions.Read Less",springboard
"My experience with Springboard was AWESOME. I started the program with no experience, the curriculum, mentors and career coaches were excellent. I had a terrific time learning and now I have invaluable skills!",springboard
"Springboard's curriculum is a nicely curated selection of resources around the web that pay attention to the core concepts of UX design, starting with its history and evolution and continuing into a nicely-paced guide to doing the steps yourself. I think... Read More the real star of the show is the 1:1 weekly mentor calls included in the course, which do well to provide a real voice to real world experience, and have the added bonus of keeping you on task.Read Less",springboard
"The Springboard Data Science Career Track course provides more resources than I expected. These include the weekly calls with a professional for mentoring, career calls to talk about aspects of applying and making contacts and refining a resume and LinkedIn... Read More profile, mock interviews that were a great motivation to prepare for, and individuals who can review projects and code. I was impressed by the number of resources and their quality. My mentor helped me understand a solid strategy for making contacts with individuals at companies for referrals. Another resource is the free access to DataCamp during and after the course, which is effective at teaching concepts and code. The main suggestion I would make to improve the course is providing supplemental resources to deepen knowledge of a topic if one wanted to increase understanding.Read Less",springboard
"I elected to enroll in the Springboard Data Science Career Track after leaving my previous field (science education). In order to get into the career track, you must have some background in coding, so I actually completed the Intro to Data Science course... Read More prior to the career track. Enrolling in these in succession allowed me to learn python and R at a level where I am comfortable using them for work. When I first entered the program, I had no background in coding or statistics. The intro course helped me with the statistics but if you are new to stats or haven't studied them in a long time, I recommend you go read ""Naked Statistics"" first and practice the stats on Khan academy- trust me, this will save you time in the long run. The career track was decent although there are definitely sections that could be more robust. Base python is skimmed over a bit- students are introduced but more practice would be helpful. Spark could be a class on its own, so this is just meant to be an introduction to Spark and TensorFlow. Overall, I would say that the career track (and the preceding intro course) are worth it if you are looking to make a career transition into data science. The career advisers are incredibly helpful and the mentors that are assigned to you within the course are amazing at what they do (you will meet weekly, even on holidays). Finishing the course, I feel like I could easily get an entry-level job and build my skills from there.Read Less",springboard
"As a working professional, I've learned that constant learning is essential for career success! As such, I had a great experience with Springboard's data science courses and was expecting the same out of their business analytics course. I really enjoyed... Read More learning about the various concepts taught in the program: data modeling, dashboarding, customer life-time value among many others. Despite being familiar with the basics of these and other concepts (I have a Master's Degree in a program that covered these areas) I was very surprised at how much I didn't know and how much I learned through Springboard.The course work is challenging and have applied it to my current work on various projects. However, the most valuable aspect of my experience with this program was the mentorship I received as I completed the course. My mentor was someone who provide some of the most valuable advise and guidance with respect to business analytics. Being a business analyst himself it was great to hear about this field from someone who has been working with these concepts at such an advanced level.I summarize this review by saying that my expectations were exceeded, I learned a lot, and I was able to apply the concepts and advise I received in this course immediately to my work. I whole-heartedly recommend this course if you are interested in learning about (or learning more about) business analytics. Enjoy!Read Less",springboard
"I chose to do the UX Design course with a goal of completing within 3 months. I was lucky to be paired with a mentor with many years of experience and he was instrumental in taking my capstone project to the next level. He was available and flexible to... Read More meet my tight deadline for completion and I am grateful for his support through the whole process. The content itself is easy to work through and when I did have a question regarding the curriculum, my mentor was able to quickly answer and clarify. This is a great course for people looking to see a glimpse into the UX process and I think a great starting point! There is so much more to learn of course but I feel I have the real-world skills to start incorporating these into my daily routines as a designer.Read Less",springboard
"The Springboard Data Science track is a well-rounded bootcamp program. Over the course of six months, there are two major projects, weekly calls with an industry professional, several career coaching sessions and ample study material. The cohort participation... Read More is a little lacking but for a program that is online and for working professionals that is to be expected. I wish there were more post-bootcamp resources available regarding interview prep. Overall this is well worth the price and students will get the most out of this program.Read Less",springboard
it was an excellent program if you want to make or improve your portfolio. Mentors are very good and knowledgeable.,springboard
"The curriculum is well structured and the mentors are a great deal of support for the price. The only thing that I had trouble with was completing the program in the advertised amount of time. I think in total I averaged about 25-30 hours a week over... Read More the course of 7 months, but that could have been due to the complexity of my capstone projects. I definitely learned a ton in that time period though and they were very supportive the whole time!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard was an excellent choice for a Ux bootcamp. Everything from the faculty, who were always so quick and prompt to answer any questions/ help out to the curriculum. The information was presented in a really clear format and was easy to follow.... Read More The projects for each section were a great way for me to apply what I learned. It was amazing to have a mentor that I spoke with on a weekly basis. This was so valuable, as I was able to get feedback, insight into UX and help from a professional. I think Springboard is an excellent choice for a bootcamp and has a lot to offer.Read Less",springboard
"UPDATE (Got a job!)This is the absolute best UX bootcamp you will find for the price and quality. I found contract work 2 months after applying for jobs and continue to receive career support as I look for full-time positions. I was also able to complete... Read More the course in half the time for half the price. If your curious about how to complete the track super fast and efficiently please DM me - andrew.hopkins.d@gmail.com - I'd be happy to send you some lessons learned or answer questions :) Feel free invite me on LinkedIn or view my portfolio there to gauge what you might come out with: https://www.linkedin.com/in/drew-hopkins-53052a114/ REVIEWI thoroughly researched all of the other options before entering into this track, this one's the best. Other bootcamps charge $10,000+ for coursework that teaches the same principles over the same length of time. Additionally, springboard comes with a straight-forward job guarantee. The quality of the course material is repellent. I’m an avid learner and have taken many online courses through community colleges and state colleges. The amount of knowledge you gain and support you get from springboard makes universities look slow, petty, wasteful, unresourceful, and greedy. Much of the course material is drawn from online sources, but this is now common practice in higher academia. The coursework is highly informative and of sound quality (rivaling and surpassing the quality of a HCI course I took at PSU for example). What’s more, at the end of the career track you will also have a portfolio and a website platform to showcase all your work - critiqued by senior designer to make sure it looks right. And a CV and cover letter that is evaluated by those same designers. You also get a weekly one-on-one mentor throughout the length of the course. My mentor, Ciarda, tailored every session to my needs, was efficient beyond compare, and was always accessible. You can also schedule help from additional mentors whenever you need. Finally, the administration of springboard is flexible, personable, and does right by its students. I had the intention to complete the 6-month track within 3-months (I was on the month-to-month payment option so this would make the course $2,000 less for me). There were a few set-backs that pushed me a couple days past this deadline. The career track manager, Dave, very kindly worked with me through the obstacles to make sure everything worked out fairly. Going into it, I was worried a bootcamp might just be another form of degree-mill. The company isn’t about extorting students for money, but really wants to empower students to and earn a good name doing so. Way to go! I’ll likely be coming back for the AI/Machine Learning track once I get my Python up to speed. :)Read Less",springboard
"Prior to committing to Springboard's UX Career Track, I spoke to several different representatives and mentors from different programs to help me pick the most suitable one for me. While Springboard doesn't necessarily always have their own content for... Read More the curriculum, the articles, videos, and project briefs were very well-curated and the mentors I came into contact with were all very professional and helpful. I am not sure that this program is for everyone but that has nothing to do with Springboard: If you're not a self-driven perfectionist, doing an online course at this intensity could become very overwhelming. However, I do think the mentor program helps give students the extra kick they might need to stay on track. Thanks to my mentor, who later took on the role of a 'colleague' and a 'friend' in addition to a 'mentor', I had a great time discussing and debating my research and design decisions with her. I also loved the professional research presentation and portfolio walkthrough—I was matched with some amazing UX professionals who gave me invaluable feedback and assured me of my talent and abilities. The only con I can really think of is that the course is essentially designed in a linear fashion and students often do not look through future units when they're working on something already. However, with the industry project and several presentations and mock interviews in the latter part of the course, time allocation and planning can become tricky if students want to finish the course in a certain time frame (for me, it was 4 months) and didn't plan ahead enough. It would be wonderful if there was a more user-friendly check list that provided students with more information on what's coming up next (e.g. deliverables and interviews expected in the next two units).I really loved this program and am proud of what I learned and compiled for my portfolio! I think three projects is the perfect number!Read Less",springboard
"The main positives to take from the course are the interactions with the mentor and the interview preps. Now I had a very hesitant mindset about applying for a bootcamp wondering whether I would be able to get employment considering I do not have a computer... Read More science degree or a STEM degree. I have a political science degree. I was told that these things do not matter and that you can easily land a job after you get both your projects done. I had done very detailed projects and posted them on github and did everything the career coaches suggested I do. Unfortunately not a single data science position had reached out to me. Now for the curriculum. This was sadly most dissappointing. The course mainly revolves around data camp courses. And then these are supplemented by youtube lectures from Harvard or other institutions that would talk about the subject with the impression that you have intermediate knowledge of the subject matter, despite it being a beginners intro video to a concept. I have had much better success with the self study resources available on the internet, such as youtube tutorials etc. Also did two Udemy courses for 11 dollars each and got a better understanding of the subjects. There was no feel of an actual boot camp teaching you, they basically link you to external sources that arent theirs.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's UX Design Career Track program has been an amazing experience. Having a one-on-one mentor session each week really helped keep me on track and having a career coach allowed me to better prepare for interviews. The fact that you are able... Read More to work on three different projects to add to your portfolio is a major plus. The only thing I wish I had more experience with would be working together in a team environment. The industry design project is meant to set this up but it really depends on the company. Regardless, this program gave me a solid foundation in UX design and I feel prepared to take on my future role in UX design.Read Less",springboard
"So overall it was a good experience from Springboard. I think where they excel is pairing you up with a mentor who has real work experience. What they may need to work on is more helpful feedback to students after submitting assignments, projects.The... Read More course went over the general data science process. Maybe more emphasis on cloud services and big data.Read Less",springboard
"I found Springboard's curriculum to be very thorough; it was equivalent in breadth to one or more college courses. Their mentor system give you accountability. I found that I took longer to complete/watch/read curriculum items than the expected time,... Read More and I think it was due to note-taking. The cost is expensive, but I found it to be worth it. I was taking the coursework to use in my current job, so the job support services weren't relevant to me. Support from student services was fast and responsive.Read Less",springboard
Pros:  - You never run out of material to view and learn from. - Round the clock personalized support from a wonderful staff. - Quick and timely feedback on assigments.Cons: - Some material is repetitive (Can be both good and bad) - A bit lengthy. Would... Read More be nice to shorten the curriculum. - Too few assignments.Read Less,springboard
"Pros:-Attentive mentor who supports your learning journey-Course content from many different authoritative resources-Easy to follow online curriculum -Ability to put your your course on hold if necessary-In-depth and broad scope of learning all levels... Read More of UX design-Hands-on interviewing with participant interaction-Completed step-by-step projects go toward final capstone project-Very understanding staff/faculty relating to schedule, inquiries and costsCons:-First mentor left in the middle of course but all worked out for the better-A couple course resources might need updatingWas asked by my employer to transition from graphic designer to UX designer, which was quite a jolt for a person who is later in his career. Despite reading books and taking Lynda.com classes, I really didn't have an idea of what all was involved in UX design; as I learned with Springboard, it goes much deeper than creating user interface art for webpages. Springboard helps to walk one through the entire process from beginning to end--which is actually not the end--since by its nature the entire design process is constantly improving itself for the end user. You are provided with an experienced, working-in-the-field, accessible mentor, who helps walk you through the process, provides support and valuable feedback as you go. Another plus is the curriculum isn't presented from just one viewpoint, it's given from a variety of industry experts, presenting the student with multiple perspectives and providing great resources to follow after the class is completed. Overall I would recommend Springboard to anyone who is interested in the field. It has been a great way for me to become more knowledgeable and immersed in the field. It's a very reasonable, steady learning stream with bite-sized attainable goals that all add up to the final project, which ultimately illustrates the entire UX process in a clear and meaningful way.Read Less",springboard
"I recommend the online UX course. I learned a lot and I will definitely use it daily. The course is very complete and easy to follow. They assigned me a mentor that helped me to develop my capstone project, which I included in my professional portfolio.... Read More Also at the end of the course I got a certification as UX. They gave me the opportunity to complete the course in 3 or 4 months, plus flexible study hours. I'm really happy with the knowledge obtained!Read Less",springboard
"I took this online bootcamp when deciding to move my career into data science. In general, Springboard provided very helpful materials for me to learn all basic background in data science.My mentor is an senior data scientist who worked with me to finish... Read More two big capstone project (a practical problem). He has a strong experience in data science. So, I learned a lot of good skills from him.I think the best things that springboard can help its students be career services.It has many good career coach with strong experience in HR and recruiting. So, you figure out how to find a appropriate job and persuade the hiring manager to consider you as a good candidate.I got an job offer after around 6 months after finishing this program.I hope my share could be helpful.Read Less",springboard
"I have completed Springboard's Data Science Career Track. What I love about this program are following:1) Well tailored curriculum, which is updated with the newest materials 2) Industry mentor for each student - mentor calls every week for 30 minutes... Read More with experts within Data Science. One of the best resource to learn3) Active career couching - within curriculum you have to complete not tasks as some obvious (creating outstanding resume, update LinkedIn profile), but it leads you step-by-step (and force you) to do all necessary steps for interview process.Read Less",springboard
"I did not expect this program to be as much work as it was. There was so much information to get through in a small amount of time, but I was at least exposed to enough information and resources that I feel very confident in my ability to continue learning... Read More on my own or go to a higher level class/job. I had no experience with python before this course and I feel very comfortable with various libraries, statistical techniques, and machine learning algorithms. The course itself does not have the capacity to teach you statistics or go in depth with how the machine learning works as much as I would have liked, but for the scope of this course, it was great. I can do all of the day-to-day routines as an early-career data scientist. This is a good place to start once you have a little background first. I was putting in about twice as many hours as it was saying the average student puts it, because I was behind on my understanding and knowledge base. I was able to get through the course, but it was much more time consuming that I first anticipated.Read Less",springboard
"Honestly, I don't have any bad things to say about springboard. The students I worked with and myself had a nice 2 month time spent on Springboard. I really enjoyed working with my mentor, and think that it is very important to have mentors and not many... Read More companies have mentors so I appreciate being able to have one. Also I really liked Sophie and how she was very open to communicate and how she kept up with our progress. It was hard to learn at some points, but learning new things has always been good to me.Read Less",springboard
"I recently transitioned to digital marketing after a 10 year stint in the oil and gas industry (Story for another day!). After thorough research, I got my first job after 3 months of enrolling at Springboard's Digital Marketing Careers boot-camp . Prior... Read More to that time, I'd bought several MOOCs on Digital Marketing , which lacked a structured curriculum. Truth is, there is so much stuff out there on DM, you can easily get overwhelmed. Springboard offered an intense and structured curriculum covering all topics from traditional marketing to more advanced content on digital strategies and tools. Speaking of tools, they grant you access to paid tools which you'll use throughout the entire course. You will develop REAL content (landing pages, blog content etc.)and launch REAL campaigns (PPC and Social). You'll run REAL A/B tests for web optimization. The SEO curriculum played a HUGE role in securing my current job. The course also comes with a one-on-one mentorship involving weekly Skype sessions with a subject matter expert in Digital Marketing who tracks your progress. A major attraction for me was their Google non-profit partnership which enables you work with a REAL non-profit to manage a $10,000 Google ad grant! These and several other projects you'll work on will form your portfolio at the end of the program.The online community was also very interactive. Catherine Leipold was such an agel! Awesome student relations and always quick to respond to queries. Calvin Nisbet was my career coach, another great guy who gave me tips which proved quite useful in my job search.Will I recommend Springboard?? Hell yeah! Lastly, I'll add that the success of a bootcamp is a function of your commitment. The course is self-paced, and would require lots of discipline to meet up with weekly deliverables.Best of luck to whoever reads this! Quit procrastinating and make that move!Read Less",springboard
The course definitely covered everything necessary and the mentorship was exceptional. I feel that everyone truly cares about your success. Be sure to read the fine print before enrolling though.,springboard
I liked the platform Springboard uses - it's very clear what the next step is and the status of your progress throughout the course. This course uses R programming language but the Career Track is in Python so be aware of that if you want to make the... Read More transition.Read Less,springboard
"I wasn’t entirely sure if I wanted to go for a career transition and take an online course. But after reading up on Springboard and talking to their team members, I decided to take the plunge and go for it.I noticed that curriculum is mostly made up of... Read More content that you could find on the web. I found that iffy at the start but then I appreciated how it was presented and how it helps you better digest what’s being taught.The Springboard team is really amazing! Their responses were quick, professional, and reassuring. How they handled issues with the projects and people involved was done very well.The mentor system is what I appreciate the most from this course. Not only did his experience and guidance help me transition into this new career path, but his life advice helped shape me to be a better person.Easily, I would recommend Springboard for anyone interested in trying or learning more in UX Design.Read Less",springboard
"I have a background in software development, so a lot of the course work seemed like a review for me; this lead me to be able to complete early. The career coaching calls helped tremendously and helped me land a job before completion.",springboard
My experience was great. My mentor really motivated me to work hard. The career coach was laid back and very insightful. And I met a friend that supported my journey. I managed to complete all three projects within 3 months with the support and I already... Read More have a few job interviews lined up.Read Less,springboard
I really liked the Intro to Data Science course hosted through Springboard. I majored in math but had no previous programming experience. I spoke to the student advisor several times on the phone and she made me feel really comfortable and that I could... Read More be successful in the program. The mentor they assign you is everything - I wouldn't have succeeded without my mentor.Read Less,springboard
My experience with Springboard has been amazing! It was really challenging to get through and totally worth it because I feel so prepared for my career change from graphic design to UX.,springboard
"Towards the end of 2018, I was looking for a UX bootcamp to make the career pivot. After digging around, I decided to join Springboard's (SB) UX Career Track because with the job guarantee in place and affordable tuition, I felt reassured that it would... Read More be the quickest and efficient means to get into a new industry. Now that I'm done, I believe this was one of the wisest decisions I've made. What I liked the most about SB is that it is designed to be very resource-conscious, and even though they are an online program, you actually get a lot of one-to-one/real-life interaction. They are genuinely invested in your learning and success, and everyone I've engaged with through the SB network—from the administrative staff to mentors to fellow coursemates—are really smart and supportive individuals. You don't get the impression that they are just ""running a business"" or scheming to milk your every dime. The entire experience was very human.The curriculum is also very thoughtfully designed. Even though at first I thought the idea of ""curated content"" rather than ""original content"" may be a downside, I have come to appreciate it. Because we are reading materials written by multiple people on similar subject matters, I have a better feel of the overall disciplinary discussions out there, and I feel like the knowledge is something I could confidently fall back on.Even though this is an online/remote program, I am glad to see that over time SB is investing in more in-person activities and interactions, such as onsite community events. One of the three projects we had to complete was an industry design project (IDP) where we get paired with a start-up to do real client work. My student advisor, Dave Weiner (Hi Dave...), thoughtfully paired me up with a company that works with education, since I came from academia myself. The office of the start-up was also located really close to where I live, so I actually got to visit the office and meet the team in real life. Because of this human thoughtfulness, the whole internship experience unfolded much more smoothly and successfully, and in the end, I got hired back as full-time staff without having to go through endless rounds of resume (re)writing, etc.The fact that the industry project turned into a real full-time position really helped me get the foot in the door (which is the hardest step really), so I don't take it lightly. But even without that luck, I do believe that in the current product job market, having real work experience is more important than learning of any shape and form, so having the IDP as one of the units was a huge advantage. Hopefully, SB will continue to invest in the IDP/internship program and expand their professional network, so that more students can continue to benefit.Read Less",springboard
"Pros - a mentor call weekly - hands-on support through the course - cohesive notes and references to the best sources - a great holistic approach to digital marketing, teaching you about all the areasCons - a lot of content it's overwhelming - nothing... Read More too specific on one type of marketing type, more based on a general digital marketerRead Less",springboard
"The pro of this course is that as challenging as it was, I knew hardly anything when I started and now I feel completely confident in my job search that I would be a great addition to any UX team.I really don't have any cons but I will say that pacing... Read More yourself and staying on track will really help in the end so you're not rushing through things.Read Less",springboard
"Overall it was a good experience - you will learn to think analytically as well as learn how to write effective and efficient code in Python, SQL, and spark for data science. In addition to the core data science curriculum, you will also learn how to... Read More network, ask for and ace interviews, and negotiate salary. Anyone can take free courses online to learn how to code in python, but having everything arranged in a structured environment with a completion deadline really helped motivate me to do the work.Personally, my biggest takeaway from this course was how to network and get jobs - as well as getting feedback from my mentor and career coaches. Networking was something I have always struggled with, so having access to the career coaches and seeing all of the ways to network really helped solidify my strategy.Read Less",springboard
"Comprehensive curriculum covering everything from content marketing to paid search, paid social, digital marketing measurement, conversion rate optimization and more. Course material is well-curated and you are matched with a mentor who is a working digital... Read More marketing professional. You get to build real word skills and it's affordable. Great course.Read Less",springboard
The course took longer than I expected but I am thrilled with the result. It definitely made a difference to have the support and guidance of my mentor to keep me on track and feeling confident about my work. A solid choice if on a budget or if wanting... Read More to work full time while taking the class. Well done!Read Less,springboard
"I believe the course itself is very complete. It gives you a good overview of the tasks a UX designer would do in real life in a short time period.In my opinion, the course it's rather advanced for people with no experience in design, but it is relatively... Read More easy to follow if you're curious enough to keep searching and investigating further in your free time.I found sometimes hard to keep myself motivated (self-paced/online studying is not for everyone) but with the help of my mentor Ajay I was always back on track :)The Springboard staff is super friendly and willing to help every time.This course is for you if you are curious about UX and feel like you wish to know a bit more of what is it about and if you are disciplined enough to come back from work and keep studying; However, I'm not sure if it will land you a job straight away, since you will only be left with one project!Read Less",springboard
"A terrific, motivating course that gives you all of the tools to succeed. I loved my mentor, speaking with him weekly was a crucial element in my education. He brought thoughtful analysis to my coursework, gave good advise in the job search setting, and... Read More was overall very fun to talk to. The course was extremely in depth and productive! I found the work to be relevant and cohesive, building up knowledge week after week. I think the career track meetings are also extremely productive in creating a professional network, fine tuning your resume and getting ready for real interviews. Overall, a terrific course and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in Data Science as a careerRead Less",springboard
"This program allowed me to see beyond the physical side of design, and see beneath the layers and process. Not only it allowed me to learn new methods of thinking of a solution, but it also taught me that it can be applied to everyday life. Finding a... Read More problem and solving it in a clear and concise solution...was the best part! Also, knowing that my project has a purpose for the end-user was also a key finding and takeaway for me.Read Less",springboard
"I believe the course itself is very complete. It gives you a good overview of the tasks a UX designer would do in real life in a short time period.In my opinion, the course it's rather advanced for people with no experience in design, but it is relatively... Read More easy to follow if you're curious enough to keep searching and investigating further in your free time.I found sometimes hard to keep myself motivated (self-paced/online studying is not for everyone) but with the help of my mentor Ajay I was always back on track :)The Springboard staff is super friendly and willing to help every time.This course is for you if you are curious about UX and feel like you wish to know a bit more of what is it about and if you are disciplined enough to come back from work and keep studying; However, I'm not sure if it will land you a job straight away, since you will only be left with one project!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard has been a wonderful experience for me. While I have just completed the course and not transitioned full time into Data Science yet, I am currently talking with companies and networking, confident that I'll get a job in the field soon. This... Read More course is about as legit as they come. This past six months has been very challenging since I primarily completed the curriculum after work and on weekends, and this shortly after getting married. But it's been worth it, and I know this is gonna launch the next step of my professional career in this exciting arena. A word of advice, don't sign up for this program unless you have two things, 1. Complete and utter confidence that Data Science is what you want to do and 2. You need to have some background in advanced mathematics to be able to pick up on the concepts presented in the course. If you have those things, mixed with hard work, perseverance, and humility, you'll do great!Read Less",springboard
"I completed my data science curriculum with Springboard. I loved the entire Springboard experience and got support from community, mentors, career coaches and TAs. I would highly recommend anyone who is serious about data science.",springboard
"You start for the curriculum and you stay for the mentorship.The curriculum is very much available without the price tag of 500 USD a month. Harvard CS109 and Datacamp resources are heavily used. However, you're really paying for the mentor calls. I can... Read More say without a doubt that if it wasn't for those weekly calls I would've dragged my feet and wouldn't have been able to finish the project.Those weekly chats allowed me to reorient and refocus the project when I thought I hit a wall. If you think you can do it alone, think again Data Science is a team sport (even for your personal project you need someone to bounce ideas off of). Additionally, you get conversations and insights into the field. Give it a try!Read Less",springboard
"I just completed the SpringBoard Data Science Career Track program. The purpose of the program is to give you the research skills to work in the Data Science world. It helps you prepare for the job search and the basic skills to be successful in the position.... Read More PROs1:1 weekly mentor call. Office hours.Career prep (university courses are theoretical, not real world focusing on the job.)CONsTime consuming (another part of your life will be sacrificed for awhile).Should give more attention on business side. Data Science is great but needs to keep the company's mission as the most important thing. Conclusion:Do it!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard is the perfect place for taking courses, especially if you're needing a course that you can succeed in while working full-time. The flexibility that Springboard offers can be difficult to find in other courses. I was able to work full-time... Read More and work on Springboard projects and lessons in the afternoons. The Springboard staff and my course-provided mentor were there for me along every step of the way. Access to a community of fellow classmates provided me with quick feedback, encouragement, and people to share the learning journey with. The curriculum offers differentiated lesson styles with rigorous projects to apply your knowledge. If you're looking for an affordable and flexible choice in your learning path, Springboard is the perfect choice!Read Less",springboard
"Overall, I had a very nice experience with SpringBoard. The most useful resources to me are my career coach and mentor. My career coach is extremely supportive, and helped me throughout my interview process, and always gave me very prompt replies. Big... Read More thanks!My (2nd) mentor is very patient, knowledgable and supportive. Always thinking from my perspective, and sharing all he knows about a problem. SpringBoard is also very supportive when I had to switch mentor two months into my program. I think it is worth the effort to find someone that is suitable for your background and situation. Don't settle down with someone you don't feel comfortable.SpringBoard administation and student advisor team are also very responsive everytime I need help. One thing that may require improvement is the course material, which appears to be a big collection of online videos and articles. So after going through, I would not treat it as a structured course like from school, but rather a big libary with most things about data science up to now. The good thing is that I provides me a complete picture of what are the things available and need to know. But some people may feel overwhelmed if they try to completely read everything, and lose focus. My advice is that feel free to skip and bookmark some of them (most of them are free online materials that you can always access), but just be aware that they exist and come back when you really need them.Read Less",springboard
"I have an engineering background and spent 6 months on the data science career track via springboard hoping to step into the data science career. It's definitely challenging and intense when you have a full time job at the same time. If you do not have... Read More the time, energy or persistence, I suggest you get yourself both mentally and physically prepared, if you have a full time job. The course program is good overall, not perfect. But the same goes for all other data science boot camps, as they are a relatively new field and still growing. The mentorship offered by springboard is definitely a highlight of the program and I had a great experience with my mentor. I got a couple of data scientist offers right before I finished the program and the outcome is extremely rewarding. If you are fully prepared, dedicated, and eager to learn and constantly challenge yourself (the learning does not stop through out your career), then I highly recommend this program to you. And best luck!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard curriculum covered all the basic knowledge about UX which is really nice for beginners. I personally really valued my experience with my mentor. I learned a lot of things outside the books, her jounry to become an UX designer, her mistakes... Read More and success. I also really like their community as they were very responsive. I am working full time while taking this course so I didn't feel like used that feature the the fullest.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard Data Science Track is an intensive data scientist training program that prepares the students with absolutely no data related background to step in to the world of data science and pursue a career forward. Within 6-8 months, you will learn... Read More and master a wide range of topics in Statistics, Data analysis, data visualization, python programming, machine learning and business intelligence. Towards the end they offer a short training in deep learning and language processing based on your choice. What I like most about the program is the career development technique. While mastering the intricate ideas of machine learning and data processing, you have to focus on building your professional network. Career coaches take their time to understand your skills and traits to provide customized counseling that works best for you. From the first day of the program, you are advised to craft your ideal resume which will make you stand out in the competitive job market. Some of the activities that ensure your success in job search are the LinkedIn networking, attending Meetups, reaching out to the managers and employees of the prospective companies, and informational interviews to get referral. Ecen though their curriculum is very rigorous and job-focused, there are some major short-comings. Unlike many other training programs they don't offer training in Tableau and saas. There is only one section about big data but not enough training in cloud technology or big data analytics. Overall they offer you what they promised. The money back guarantee is not a myth. At the end of the day, you will come out with a strong portfolio to show off and out-standing professionalism to succeed. You won't get your money back because you will most likely get your dream job.Read Less",springboard
Great Journey at springboard Business analytics course program. They have amazing case study methodology as well as mentor's assistance in each case. They have all the option which will connect the student to the course.,springboard
"I'd been wanting to learn data science for years, and finally managed to do so thanks to Springboard. In a past life, I was both a web analyst for an e-tailer and a management consultant with a top firm, and had always wanted to get more sophisticated... Read More in my modelling work. I was also very keen to hone my skills in machine learning, and be able to build great predictive models. Fast forward a few months with Springboard and I've achieved all of these objectives. The mentorship was stellar, the project work excellent, and the student support top-notch. I built a production grade machine learning pipeline to help better understand my company's customers, and help us serve them better. I can't recommend Springboard enough -- if you truly want to build your data science muscle, don't go to a cheap online library or an expensive in-person bootcamp. Go with Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"I have recently completed Springboards UX Career track program. I was one of Springboards first few career track UX students, and have watched the program grow since day one. I have had a great experience with most the helpfulness of the community and... Read More the wonderful mentor that I was paired with. I have taken a part time UX course with General Assembly where I felt that my mentor experience was not very good. My expereince with my mentor at Springboard has been great and it appears that Springboard brings on mentors that have several years of experience in the field. My mentor and everyone at Sprinboard was very friendly and helpful. During my time at Springboard I had a capstone project that I worked on for the first 5 months of the course. As you learn new content and practices through out the UX process, you will add it to your project. In addition to that I completed a one week design sprint and I was paired with a company to complete a 4 week project.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard was one of two programs I considered when I knew I wanted a bootcamp experience to help transition into data science as a career. Springboard ultimately won out, with their flexibility, competitive price, job guarantee, and mentor experience.... Read More Ultimately, I didn't end up needing the job guarantee (as I accepted a job offer prior to finishing my coursework), I did enjoy my mentor calls each week as I transitioned into a new career space. I already had the training of a scientist from my work as a PhD student; what Springboard offered me was more practical help in applying my knowledge to a more technical environment and also connections to industry experts that would eventually serve as my new network.Read Less",springboard
"I recently finished the UX Design course and would like to recommend it to whoever wants to understand the principles of UX Design, the course was concise and clear, and I also had the support of an amazing mentor, Heiko, who has been on the industry... Read More for years and has worked for companies like Skype, apple and google.Read Less",springboard
"Overall, I feel I learned a lot from the bootcamp, at least the whole data science project cycle. The mentor helped a lot along the way. But sometimes, I feel I was alone and struggle with some of the assignments. Probably need to involve more with the... Read More Springboard community.Read Less",springboard
This intensive course prepared me for my data science role!,springboard
"The mentor calls and job support are very beneficial. The capstone projects are a great way to learn data science and build a portfolio. Some of the mini-projects were not as helpful, since most of the code was already written, and didn't require understanding... Read More the entire process.Overall, I think this is a great way to learn data science, and I am glad I completed this program.Read Less",springboard
"At first, I was going to self teach myself how to do UX design. I started with Youtube, but it was such a board way to teach myself because everyone is at a different stage of learning. That is why i decided to do SpringBoard. This course is good because... Read More I was able to learn things in chronological order. I really like how they gave us homework to do and a capstone project. I appreciated the help that i got from my mentor. He gave me many examples and many ideas for me! Overall it was a good experience!Read Less",springboard
"I had a great experience with the course program, my mentor was absolutely amazing and helped me create a project and a portfolio that I am proud of!",springboard
"I just had the worst experience with springboard.com. The program started well but fell flat fast. I will admit that I had to step away from the class. But very little support or clear expectations were set. They don't seem to care about the student experience... Read More or if they are successful. I ended up wasting the money, and then they asked if I would like to pay another $500 a month to get access again to the class! Don't believe that you can go through the course on your own time you need to do quickly, or it will cost you.Read Less",springboard
Springboard's UX Design course provides a quick start to finish option to go through a structured UX project and the experience of taking a project through all the stages of research and design. The payment option of a monthly subscription helps keep... Read More the cost low and the support staff was very helpful and quick to respond whenever I had to reach out to them.Read Less,springboard
"Not only this course equipped me with all the tools needed, it also guided me on how to apply for jobs and prepared for the interviews.",springboard
"I'd say the best parts of the Digital Marketing Career Track were the direct experience running Facebook Ads and Google Ads campaigns. You get hands-on experience using $100 budgets and up to $10,000 if you participate in the Google Marketing Challenge... Read More where you work with a real non-profit which is invaluable. In addition, you can talk to your mentor each week and they'll help answer any questions you have regarding these projects. I also appreciated the career services, especially since you have access to the career coaches for 6 months after you complete the course to help you find your perfect job.Read Less",springboard
"I loved that I could take this course at my own pace! The mentor was great at providing insight and we discussed topics that were not directly related to the projects of the course, but were related to the field. The team at Springboard is AWESOME at... Read More responding very quickly and thoroughly. It's advised that the course is typically completed in about 3 months, but I completed it in 1 month, with help from my mentor of course!I would definitely recommended taking the UX Design course from Springboard for anyone interested in getting started in the field.Read Less",springboard
I had a great experience in the Digital Marketing for Professionals course. It has great content that prepares you for today's demanding industry. Valuable mentor calls on a weekly basis. I learned a lot and feel comfortable creating digital campaigns... Read More in different platforms from scratch.Read Less,springboard
"SpringBoard is an ideal program for many reasons. It has flexible payment options, is completely online (so anyone can manage it), and there is a huge amount of support you get with the community and mentors. It also used a variety of resources for learning,... Read More which was refreshing. I found the capstone project to be the best part of the course, because I got to tie everything together myself and really reinforce my learning.Read Less",springboard
pros: Extensive topics covered in the curriculum. Gives you good experience in many different aspects of Data Science.cons: I think this would have been more useful if I wasn't fresh out of college.,springboard
"I took the Digital Marketing course @ Springboard while travelling SE Asia. The course is good for beginners, it has a good foundation of traditional Marketing and from there the curriculum is build up into Digital Marketing. The course touches different... Read More aspects of Digital Marketing and you have to do assignments to test your knowledge of each unit. You even get the chance to take Google and Facebook certifications. I would highly recommend the Digital Marketing course @ Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"This program has many great resources to help you advance your skills as well as a curriculum that keeps you focused and scheduled in completing your work. There is a community of people looking to help you including career coaches, weekly mentor calls,... Read More which I used to discuss the projects I was working on as well as specific questions about coding. And an online forum of students asking questions pertaining to the same types of projects you are working on. The main focus of the course is completing two main capstone projects which are geared towards building your portfolio and are exemplary of work one may do in a data science career. While there are many smaller mini projects included in the course that are also good practice to improving python and sql skills, there could be created content designed for learning the code and applications needed in these types of assignments. A significant portion of the curriculum was just courses on DataCamp and video lectures, while informative, are not particularly useful in grasping the concepts needed. For an expensive course, I was expecting more specialized resources focused on learning the skills needed, rather than just projects that force you to know the material and go out and use it, which is difficult at first and slowed my progress throughout the beginning of the course. I viewed this as being both a good and bad thing, because although I began working on these projects without all the necessary knowledge and skills, it forced me to pick them up as I went along.Read Less",springboard
The Digital Marketing Course @ Springboard is very good for beginners. The curriculum is perfect for students who have not studied marketing or worked in the industry. The curriculum starts with the foundations of Marketing and then directs you into the... Read More digital world and Digital Marketing. You need to put in a lot of effort and keep investing in courses to be updated with the newest developments in digital marketing. I can highly recommend the course as a starting point if you want to change career.Read Less,springboard
"Pro's: Get linked with a mentor who helps you on what is UX Design. Have questions you go to him/her.Unlimited mentor calls (I never used)Go at your own paceGreat Curriculum that gives you tools to succeedPrice is better than others (https://www.springboard.com/invite/72PEQ)... Read More Link to $250 off any courseFeel that I can get a jobSlack Channel to talk with other students and Springboard coachesCareer coaches are a big help, so utilize them as much as you can. I am done with the program and still talk to the career coach to help me on anything.Cons: I had trouble with billing which happened on there end but they were committed on making me happy and fixed the problem. No one else should have an issue in the futureOnly half an hour a week with your mentor , but you still get unlimited mentor calls with other mentors that are available.Limited slots for Portfolio Review (Probably will be fixed with future students)Should have started this course soonerDon't be hesitant on your future, it has to start somewhere no matter what school you choose. If you feel it, than make it happen. You will learn allot only if you put time into it. Stay focused and you will succeed.Read Less",springboard
I attended Springboard Digital Marketing Career track online and I am very satisfied by the content of this course. It is an effective hands-on approach that helped me to go to the next level in digital marketing . The course is designed in a way where... Read More you can put your learning into practice by promoting a project. My mentor's help and expertise really made the difference!Read Less,springboard
"The program is a complete waste of money! The whole curriculum is just stuff taken off of the internet or LinkedIn learning. Very little original content. A lot of the content can be found by just doing a basic Google search. The mentors are very qualified,... Read More but the one I had was very hard to reach. They missed multiple sessions without making them up. Overall this course did not live up to its hype.Read Less",springboard
"Pros:- dedicated mentor- can schedule calls with random mentors for problems your having with very open times to choose (super helpful)- access to datacamp and linkedinlearning (my favorite platform to learn data is from datacamp personally)- Excellent... Read More administrative team- Excellent career support team with advice well in line with reality, always super friendly- Show you how to network properly- Annual springboard rise event- Involved student communityCons: - too much use of videos and not enough use of reading for many of the subjects. Many of the topics could have been better explained from a book or article than watching many of the webinars from Harvard or pycon in my opinion. Those videos were often very lengthy and hard to follow along with and I found myself skimming through them. They didnt have decent background information before the these videos that would delve into complex subjects sometimes. This is my biggest complaint to be honest. - Some of the assignments needed better instructions such as the databricks miniproject. I know trying to figure something out yourself is the best way to learn but when you dont have the preknowledge on something so new to you it could be frustratingSummary:Springboard was exactly what I needed as someone coming from a background in business and who had next to zero technical skills such as coding. I landed a role as a contingent worker at Facebook as a business data analyst. Without a masters degree or more extensive work experience in tech working with data, i still havent been well suited for a data scientist position, so I'm supplementing this with starting a masters degree program in data scientist, but I believe if you already have a masters in any field and or have remotely relevant experience working with data, a masters degree wont be needed to land a data scientist position like I think is needed for me. Springboard is overall an excellent program to learn.Read Less",springboard
Springboard is the best online platform every one wishing to gain skills or upgrade their skilled knowledge should get there. Coupled with the mentorship guidance which is a necessity especially when new in the field of interest.,springboard
"After getting my Ph.D. last year, I started to study about data science and get some online certificates. However since I had a full-time job as an Electrical Engineer, it was pretty hard to find the right materials to study or build my portfolio in Github.... Read More I got lost after a few months, and there was no support and feedback. When I found the Springboard career track program, I found it a matching base on my interest and my background. The 1:1 mentor calls every week, was excellent support and pushed for me. The other advantages were about the four mock interviews that Springboard provide to get us ready for the real interviews. I recommend this course to people who have a good background in coding and have some knowledge about machine learning since it is an intense program and you have to invest proper time and effort in 6-8 months.Read Less",springboard
"I was looking for a program that was, not only, affordable but included the support of a mentor. I have a background in graphic design am looking to move into UI/UX and the program at Springboard was the right fit. So I went for it. They were very communicative,... Read More supportive and affordable. The curriculum was challenging without being overwhelming.Read Less",springboard
"Overall I feel very positive about my experience with Springboard. It met my needs perfectly of working remotely at my own pace. At the same time, I was able to meet weekly with a mentor/industry expert and meet with a career counselor when necessary.... Read More I had heard negative feedback from friends who attended Hack Reactor or Galvanize about the career counselors. Because of this I did not expect much from my own career counselor at Springboard, however, I was pleasantly surprised because Calvin gave me great feedback and tips for improving. The ability to get input from experts and meet with real people made a huge difference. Springboard's UX Design Career Track is new and there were some things to improve on such as typos or content. However, the course continued to improve during my duration as a student as they received input. Springboard was also extremely responsive. Dave, who was in charge of operations, would always respond within 24 hours. I also had the opportunity to meet up with other students living in the Bay or connect with them over video chat for projects. Though the course itself was remote, this community aspect was great. Other than that, I really enjoyed the layout of the course and the mix of multimedia content, which made learning fun. Some articles, some videos, etc. I also think being able to click a button and mark each item off as complete is really satisfying for the student and sort of gamifies the experience.Read Less",springboard
"I just completed Springboards Data Science Career Track Bootcamp. Overall I was very satisfied with the experience. The skills I learned are super useful, and make me much more marketable as a job applicant. The 1-on-1 technical mentoring was great, helping... Read More me overcome obstacles and prioritize my time. The career coaching was also very valuable, helping me improve my resume, cover letter, etc.Some of the chapters in the curriculum simply pointed to youtube videos, which often (though not always) excellent at explaining data science concepts. Some of the chapters linked to Datacamp courses, which are often a little too easy but do explain the concepts well. Overall, the miniprojects and capstones were great, and helped me learn all the steps of being a data scientist.Granted I don't have a job offer yet, but their job guarantee certainly provides some peace of mind.Read Less",springboard
I enrolled and graduated from the AI/ML course through SpringBoard. The course was intense and covered all of the bases to take you from novice to advanced in 6 months. The program exceeded my expectations and my PhD mentor met with me each week. I could... Read More not have asked for more.Read Less,springboard
"What's great is the resources and links available, along with the way the course is broken down into chapters to learn an incredible, holistic approach to Digital marketing. What's great, is that once you find an area you are more interested in, there... Read More are further resources available to delve deeper into those areas. It can be hard at times, but the mentor calls, online support and community really make it easy to slowly progress without getting stuck.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard has a great program setup. With weekly 1:1 mentor meetings and a well designed course to teach you the fundamentals of data science. Whenever I was feeling frustrated or unsure of how to approach a problem, my mentor was able to guide me and... Read More give me feedback on my work. The course has a clear chapter by chapter guideline of the content and assignments so it is easy to follow and know what comes next. The staff at Springboard are great as well, providing quick responses to questions and genuine interest in your learning.Read Less",springboard
"I started Data Science career track course in September 2018, I did not have any experience in coding but I was familiar with some programming languages like Python. It was great, learning new skills and having a mentor that you can share your questions... Read More and also how you feel thru the course and more importantly be motivated by your mentor. The course opened a new world of expertise to me and now I can be more confident by having new skills.Read Less",springboard
"I took this course as a professional in the Visual Design field. My goal was to gain a solid foundation for UX Design, and I feel that the Springboard course was successful in giving me the tools to do so. I love that I can go back and revisit the information... Read More provided throughout the course, and have a great connection in my mentor! The Springboard team was very helpful and responsive any time I needed questions answered.Read Less",springboard
"Earlier this year I attended the Intermediate Python for Data Science bootcamp. I wanted to move back into Data Analysis. During previous roles as a Financial Analyst I had some experience solving problems with Python, but most data analysis I had done... Read More was in MS Excel.The bootcamp offers a curriculum of mostly third-party resources (YouTube videos, academic videos and online coding exercises), some first-party content and of course the projects and mentor guidance for all of this. I found the curriculum to be comprehensive, though brief in the Machine Learning sections. This makes sense as this is not the full 6-month Career Track program. It gives you a foundation to further research and understand ML techniques, e.g. on Kaggle.The program definitely taught me a lot about using Python in a data science context. And yes, I was able to find a job in the field even before program completion.Read Less",springboard
"Overall I had a good experience. Springboard uses other online courses, like Bootcamp, to teach you. My mentor experience was very good, he was very helpful and made my experience much better. I recommend prior experience with Python or R otherwise the... Read More 6 month timeline is difficult to achieve.Read Less",springboard
"I recently finished my course. For me, it was a great experience. The curriculum, my mentor and the student advisor were always at hand to answer my questions when needed. My mentor was the best part of the whole experience. He provided extra resources... Read More to complete my tasks and help me understand the lessons at hand. The only con I could think of was the fact that a couple of links were broken.Read Less",springboard
"this bootcamp is very thorough and you will come away with many technical skills and skills necessary in this field. It may be hard to study online but if you put in the effort and hard work, you will come away with many skills.",springboard
"I just completed my ""data science career track"". This ""track"" took me a point which I would not be able to reach by myself. To me, the main difference of a bootcamp is mentor support. My mentor was Jeremy Cunningham. He has a high-level real-world experience... Read More and he is willing to teach what he knows. He provided guidance and constructive feedbacks, and he always motivated me to develop my own strengths. I feel myself lucky to be mentored by him.Read Less",springboard
"I had very little knowledge about UX going into this course, which was the perfect fit. The Springboard UX course took me through each step of the design process, from basic overviews of what UX design is and overviews of job opportunities in the field,... Read More to user research, prototyping and user testing. The curriculum has a nice balance of videos and reading material, and they are good about not throwing too much at you. Having a mentor to meet with every week was the best part, by far. My mentor was there to keep me accountable, but never added too much pressure. He was very understanding that I was coming from basically zero experience, and helped me create a prototype I felt good about. The Springboard support team is extremely easy to reach and was responsive when I had questions. Overall, I'm glad I took the course and would recommend it to others.Read Less",springboard
"The course materials weren't too difficult to grasp; some were a bit repetitive. 80% of the materials are free – with a few expections such as the Lynda/Linkedin Learning lessons. At the same time, the materials were properly divided among each core topic... Read More of UX design. The pace definitely starts off slow but picks up towards the end, with projects requiring more hours and recalling skills you learned in previous modules. It was a good pace for me, someone who didn’t have any professional design or coding background. The course doesn’t touch on any coding languages or skills – but focuses on the research, interpretation of data, and materializing the information into a prototype. Every week, I spoke to my mentor for 30 minutes to go over whatever topics I wanted; ranging from their own professional experience to my course progress. Other than a 1-on-1 mentor, there are also mentors in the community answering and providing feedback to your questions and projects; they listen and care.Since this course is monthly-subscription based, there aren’t any strict deadlines. However, I suggest doing your best to complete the course over the average 2-3 months. Maybe 5 months at most. I had to take a long break (pause my access and monthly payment) due to fatigue from my full-time job. However, the break was too long and I had to revisit all of the old materials from the earlier modules.I just completed the course 2 weeks ago and still looking for a job. But I knew it was going to be tough to get a job straight out of any of these ‘bootcamps’ especially since my portfolio consists of just 1 project at the moment. I’m currently working on finding new ‘mock up’ UX projects and also some ‘real’ projects from a few friends, local businesses, etc. This won’t be too bad since I’m currently unemployed haha.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard has a great curriculum. I found my Mentor's feedback invaluable. He’s very analytical and thoughtful about it, and is realistic about what is achievable. He is very talented. It’s a really useful experience.",springboard
"I compared a lot of bootcamps before I decided to pursue my data science journey with Springboard, and I am very happy with my decision. I graduated with a major in bioinformatics and worked in research laboratory, so had very little data science experience... Read More when I started with the program. Although, I did come in with prior programming and statistics experience which definitely helped me in the first month of the bootcamp. The curriculum is very well designed with nicely curated material. It teaches you the most important skills that a person transitioning into DS would require, but at the same time gives you the flexibility to work on projects and pursue the learning journey with a bit of autonomy.The mentoring was also a great experience, it was just the right amount of support that I needed - my mentor provided motivation to keep rolling and was very helpful when I was feeling stuck, and also provided insightful feedback. My over all experience was amazing and this program helped me make my transition into data science without a CS or math major and helped me feel confident about my skills. It is a great program for anyone who wants to transition into data science or just hone their skills further.Read Less",springboard
"I have completed the Springboard Data Science Career Track Program. My mentor was Baran Toppare. During the course, I had the chance to compare my mentor with others. He is one of the best data scientists I have ever seen. He gave feedbacks for all my... Read More projects, answered my questions with a patient, encouraged me to get out of comfort zone to go beyond my limits, and never stopped believing me. If anyone thinks about joining a data science Bootcamp, I would suggest to participate in the Springboard and choose Baran Toppare as your mentor.Read Less",springboard
"I was interested in a career change but didn't know any data scientists. It's probably possible to learn from other free sources everything Springboard curated for me but I didn't know where to start and without guidance from a mentor, it was hard to... Read More guage where I was in this journey towards a career change. I felt having 1-on-1 access to a mentor was worth the price of admission. I truly valued my time with my assigned mentor as he was encouraging, helpful and experienced about the subject matter. Although I didn't take the career track, my mentor answered my career related questions. As a working professional with a family, Springboard made it possible to follow a syllabus and learn at my own pace.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard had a great structure to their content and brought in a lot of articles and resources that gave me a good sense of what was happening currently in UX. One on one mentor calls were the best aspect of this course, it's great to have an industry... Read More professional to guide you on best practices and what to expect when it comes to job searching. I was able to build a great first portfolio that I can keep improving and use right away for my job search. They also have a 6 month job guarantee.Read Less",springboard
"This class taught me so much. As a graphic designer, I wanted to further my skills and grow my knowledge base. The course was interesting and compelling but the real WOW factor came from the mentors and advisors. My mentor gave me real life applicable... Read More advise to improve on my work, truly constructive critique, as well as commending me when I did things well. The advisors were so helpful as well whenever I had concerns or questions and were very responsive. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in diving into UX! Thanks for everything!Read Less",springboard
"I really enjoyed the Introduction to Data Science course at Springboard. While the course is self-paced, it is still incredibly challenging. This course recommends 3-4 months to complete, but I definitely needed the full 4 months. The mentors at Springboard... Read More are great--supportive, knowledgeable, and incredibly generous with their time.The curriculum itself is tough--some of the programming lessons are in DataCamp, which I found very helpful; some of the stat lessons are in Khan Academy, which I also found helpful; some of the lessons are lectures in a series of YouTube videos, which I found a little bland and hard to refer back to later on in the course; and some of them are articles, which really varied. The course material is definitely comprehensive, but there is no definitive textbook to refer to, so it's really hard to problem solve when you get stuck (I ended up just going outside the course and Googling for a lot of things).Completing the course requires a lot of one-on-one mentor time, some of the curriculum, and a lot of determined, creative problem solving when the curriculum just doesn't cut it. That said, I still found it invaluable for both my current job and my overall career. I plan to continue with their Intermediate Data Science course next.Read Less",springboard
"I loved the data science course curricular and mentor guided training..On call mentor training, specially Dipanjan Sarker was the best to assist me in coding help or troubleshoot my projects.",springboard
"I really enjoyed the mentor aspect, he grilled me on understanding the concepts and it's come in handy a lot down the line.It covered all the fundamental techniques of data science, machine learning, and data management in Python and SQL, and made sure... Read More you understood them. The project-based assignment system really improved my skill in implementing the methods.I've taken a lot of MOOCs and I'd say this was the best. The only con was the price. $500/mo is steep, but I got a scholarship that made it cheaper.Also, keep in mind: this is an INTERMEDIATE data science bootcamp. You should go into it knowing some basic programming and stats, and you'll leave with a lot more knowledge and skill in data science. You won't be quite pro after this, but that's not what it's for. If you want to really expand your knowledge in a few months and understand the ""core curriculum"" of Python data science, this is for you. You'll learn the most during your capstone project, which is where a MOOC really helps. The mentor assists you and makes sure you know what you're doing, helps you ask better questions and reviews your code.Read Less",springboard
"I really enjoyed taking the UX course with Springboard. I appreciated the flexibility of a self-paced course since I am also working full time. The student advisors and mentors really go above and beyond to help you out if you need it and make sure you... Read More are getting the most of your experience. I was first paired with a mentor that I didn't feel a strong connection with and ultimately was unsatisfied with our discussions, but the Springboard team was very responsive in providing a solution with providing feedback to my mentor to try to improve on our sessions, and then ultimately reassigning me a new mentor, who was wonderful. The course lessons are expansive and well organized. I would say the one thing I didn't like was how the progress bar felt inaccurate because the final capstone counts as 20% of the course, which is not well explained. But really this was a small issue, that didn't affect my overall course experience.Read Less",springboard
"The question I always ask myself when providing a review is - could my words make a positive impact in someone's life? I consider concept of Springboard as a leader and pioneers of mentor led UX programs. More than the educational program itself, a genuine... Read More and experienced mentor can make all the difference in the world. @Midlife I needed to make the right decision, I did not feel like taking a gamble with time or money. After 4 months of deep research around the country and even outside of the USA, my resounding selection was the Springboard UX program. Although I did not have the best experience with the first mentor pairing, the immediate correction made all the difference in the world for me. I hit a home run with an incredible UX professional as a mentor (Andre) for my Springboard UX program. To make it even better was the amazing student support team that was always available to… yes! Great support it’s students. Pro’s: - Program Content is very complete. - Course work can be heavy at times, for good reasons as you immediately get to practice hands-on what’s important.- Perks as a Springboard Student are excellent and add incredible value. - Mentor concept and support is probably one of the best features and differentiators this UX Design program. - The program has certain custom flexibility if you are pressed on time or maybe due to other obligations. - Student support is very agile! They actually listen to students needs.- Cost is not high nor low. It’s right in the middle. Monthly payments are manageable if you plan ahead and make good use of your time. - Student community is an asset, it can be slow at times as most students are in fact busy.Con’s:I found none!What would I make better if I could? The student community could use a more engaging and more dynamic collaboration tool. Is good today, but It can be amazing with the quality of the Mentors/Program and student community the Springboard programs have.If I would do it again? Absolutely yes!Robert RRead Less",springboard
"Springboard had an overall great introductory course. I was pleased with the thorough curriculum. What truly made the difference was the mentor. If all of the mentors were as professional, knowledgeable, and personable as mine than I have no doubt that... Read More Springboard Intro to Data Science is a correct choice for many beginners. To add to this I will be enrolling into the Intermediate Data Science- Python course because Springboard was such a quality experience.Read Less",springboard
"I loved being matched up with a mentor, and she kept me accountable on our weekly calls. If it weren't for her encouragment, I don't think I would've finished the course. She was so knowledgable about the industry.The only downside with this program,... Read More was that the cost was misleading. I thought the course was $1500 for the 3 months.....but it took me like 8-9 months to finish, and i didnt know I was going to be charged $500 monthly until i finish the course. i think they need to do a better job of explaining that. And also, I'm a single mom with 2 kids full time, and working full time, so finishing in 3 months was not very realistic.Read Less",springboard
"The mentorship aspect of the program is extremely helpful. Being completely new to the field of data science and starting from scratch, the organization of the curriculum itself could be done differently. I felt I understood more of what I was doing in... Read More regards to my capstone project especially once I got through data visualization and machine learning.Read Less",springboard
"This was a great program. The course work was pretty easy to follow. There were only a few times that I got bound up and the mentor (everyone is matched with a mentor from the start) helped me work through it. The problem was so much Springboard as it... Read More was on my side because the process I'd used for over ten years was different than the one Springboard requested. But that's a selling point of the program, you are paired with a mentor that helps you through that stuff!The content is solid and there're so many optional pieces that you can go through if you want to learn more about any particular part of the UX Design process.The only ""negative"" for me personally was that the timeline to complete the program was longer than I had hoped. The 2-3 months that Springboard touts is pretty ambitious for some. I think that timeline is for someone who is doing this program full-time or has no other commitments (ft job, kids, etc.). I have kids and a full-time freelance job so the program took longer for me, but I will tell anyone who listens that it was absolutely worth it.Read Less",springboard
The course was a good exercise to learn about all the step of UX design thinking. It was helpful to have a mentor who you can review your work and discuss your goals to make sure they keep you on track and give insights into achieving the goal.Pros- great... Read More mentors - nice community- good curriculum Cons- a bit pricy- some long chaptersRead Less,springboard
I attended the springboard data science career track. I chose it b/c it's much cheaper compared to other bootcamps (almost half the price). The most rewarding part is the mentorship and make sure you are connected to a mentor which you like. The level... Read More of expertise of mentors vary in their network and you will have to be proactive in reaching out to student adviser if you don't like your mentor. The curriculum is very organized and covers the majority of things you will need for a entry data scientist job. But I end up taking extra MOOC to go deeper.Read Less,springboard
"I enrolled in the Springboard Data Science Career Track on December of 17, completed April 19. Due to life circumstances, I had to freeze and extend my completion date during the latter half of 2018. When I returned, I made sure I kept the same mentor... Read More as that was an absolutely highlight of this experience. I was working full-time while enrolled.Pro:Mentor relationshipCon:Depth of courseworkMy mentor was simply superb, this was in my opinion the best feature from this program that differs itself from others. Having a professional data scientist with working experience to offer insight concurrently while the course progresses enhanced the learning experience, I was able to bounce questions and solicit feedback both from course content and my perfornce freely and openly on a weekly basis. This has helped fuel my growth tremendously.Although, in my opinion, I wish there was stronger emphasis and more depth offered on the machine learning portion of the coursework. For those who are curious, the way Springboard structures their coursework follows the format of data science work flow: Familiarization with programming -&gt; Data Wrangling -&gt; Exploratory Data Analysis/Visualization -&gt; Statistical Inferences -&gt; Modeling/Machine Learning -&gt; Delivery of Results/Implementation. This flow offers a very good broad perspectives on what a Data Scientist does, but I was left craving a bit more material on the depth of Machine Learning models, such as the math and science behind some of the methodologies and the tools used.In terms of Job Assistance, I thought the career advisors I worked with provided good feedback. However, I thought a lot of the resume and cover letters support are readily available online already, and that the job opportunities within Springboard I noticed are more relevant for students in the SF Bay Area and NYC. For those not living in the two areas, the process will not be noticably easier.Read Less",springboard
You learn amazing skills and the mentor experience just takes it to another level,springboard
"Springboard acted exactly as its namesake for my career in UX Design. While I have years of experience in digital media design, I felt lacking in specific knowledge surrounded user experience and user-centered design. Springboard's modules were logical... Read More and helpful. The self-paced nature of the course was perfect for me (plus I got to pause billing for a month while I got married). The mentor-led model was really the bread and butter, as connecting with real industry professional added so much value to my experience with the course and UX Design in general. The support team was great, office hours were fun, honestly highly recommend. Take 4-6 months to go through the course - it's well worth the investment!Read Less",springboard
"I joined the data science career track last summer and completed the whole program in March 2019. The experience with their career coach is really great and helpful. I learned a lot of skills about how to approach the companies and cultivate myself to... Read More be a strong candidate in the job market. The courses provided by the program are not really the best for people who have not a lot of experience with data science area. Also, some of the courses are not really up to date and the materials of the courses are not easy to be found. Besides the courses from the program, I need to find other resources instead. As for the mentor, I think it is also a great sell from the program. It is great to have a 1:1 personal mentor. I learned a lot of industrial experience and how to become a data scientist what companies are looking for. Just a tiny complaint about the mentor experience is that a well-experienced industrial expert sometimes is hard to understand why an entry-level person would be stuck in a simple question (to them). Overall, I like the program a lot because I have a schedule to follow and it is pretty organized.Read Less",springboard
I began my UX Design course in early November and finished in late March. The course content was very comprehensive and diverse. I worked full time and traveled often during my course and was able to finish within a reasonable time frame. The course projects... Read More were extremely relevant to my final capstone project which made very simple to cut and copy work into building a portfolio. I am very impressed with my portfolio and would recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn a new skill set or change careers.Read Less,springboard
"I was completing my PhD in geophysics and I started my online course on Data Science with Springboard. One of the things I really liked is the curriculum it stated with the basics and then went difficult. The curriculum helped me to understand the bigger... Read More picture of Data Science. I really appreciate the mentoring part of the program. It really helped me to get a good understanding of various topics in Data science. Without mentoring, I would not be confident in communicating with the Data science group. I shared my articles in Medium and LinkedIn and got acknowledged by the Data science group. I am still working with the career service to land a job as a Data Scientist. I can honestly say that I would not be able to make a transition from geophysicist to data scientist so fast without Springboard. Also special mention to the staff, incredibly responsive and helpful.Read Less",springboard
"I was working as a digital designer prior to starting my online course with Springboard. One of the things I liked about the course if that it started from outlining the big picture of what UX is about. So you could gain an understanding of the main concepts... Read More and the field in general before zero-ing in on the details. That really helped me with not getting overwhelmed or feeling lost. I especially appreciated the career advice, which was instrumental in getting hired as a UX designer. I shared UX related articles on Linked in as advised and adjusted my profile based on UX specific career recommendations. I can honestly say that I would not be able to make transition from digital designer to UX designer so fast without Springboard. Also special mention to the staff, incredibly responsive and helpful.Read Less",springboard
"Overall a very strong course that teaches you the many different facets of Data Science. As someone who was very new to computer science, I felt the course was well balanced and not too overwhelming though difficult at points. The Capstone Projects were... Read More key in me putting all of this knowledge together and really understanding the data science process. Both my normal mentor and career mentor were very helpful throughout the course and I would recommend it for anyone looking into a change in careers.Read Less",springboard
It was amazing experience about Data Science with Springboard,springboard
"Everyone has different needs, so definitely make sure to choose the right bootcamp for you. I'm fairly certain that Springboard will at least be in your top three, and for lots of people, it's #1.Why would you NOT choose Springboard?- If you absolutely... Read More have to learn R. (You're going to be learning a TON of stuff. Unless you're already expert-level at Python, R would be a distraction for you right now anyway.)- If you absolutely need to have an in-person experience (they may have an on-site, I don't remember).- If you don't want a 6-month bootcamp (they probably have shorter ones, I don't know).Why would you choose Springboard?- You want to go at your pace, on your time. (It will be hard, because you're learning a lot, but you can do it.)- You want to focus on only the things that will allow you to go confidently to an employer and say ""I will add value to your organization from day one, even as I continue to learn more, and here's my proof."" BAM with two projects that you designed and implemented yourself- You want a reasonably-priced, right-sized course with good financing. It's basically all the stuff you need, leaving out all the stuff you don't. Oh yeah, they also have a job guarantee, that was a big deal for me personally. I won't need it, but it's nice to know that they stand behind their product.Read Less",springboard
"This program is top-notch if you're looking to break into data science. From technical skills to securing a new job, the course offers 360 degree support. Although people of all skill levels will benefit, it is certainly helpful to have some background... Read More in programming and/or statistics.Read Less",springboard
"Well-organized intensive online boot camp covering all aspects of the data science life cycle. In addition, materials on advanced topics (NLP, recommender system, Spark, etc.) are also included in the curriculum. The weekly one-on-one coaching call with... Read More industry expert is my favorite, providing necessary guidance and keeping me motivated throughout the program. Overall, I had a nice learning journey with Springboard and appreciated all the supports along the way. If you are looking for a good online boot camp with flexible hours at a reasonable price, Springboard Data Science Career Track is a good bet.Read Less",springboard
"When I set out on this journey to do this class I really had a goal of filling in the missing places that I didn't understand about UX design. I had a good grasp on visual design but needed to understand how to get myself to that point of the process... Read More and then move past that piece and what to do next. I learned the most about UX with my mentor Eric Dorf who was incredibly helpful. I learn best when having 1-1 time to ask questions on my process and he was incredibly attentive and helpful during that process. One thing I would warn people is that it does take time so if you are busy and don't want it to take too long plan it accordingly so that you aren't so busy while doing the class, and try to adhere to a good schedule so that you don't fall off the map since it is a self guided course.Read Less",springboard
I really enjoyed the course. Course material was thorough and having a weekly Skype call with a mentor was very helpful.,springboard
"In school when professors say ""study 8 hours a week"" to me that meant 2-3, maybe. The projections on springboard are real!!! This is because it is a project based course, you can't just slide by, you have to do the word. There's great community, mentors... Read More and other resources to refer to the whole time. The information was also great. I like the payment schedule because it keeps you motivated to stay on track!I'm excited to see what becomes of my UX career! Would recommend this course!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard provided a very nice experience.The curriculum was very nice and thorough. It didn't include any exclusive sources that you wouldn't find anywhere else, but it was nicely structured in clear steps in order to understand how to solve the current... Read More problems that you might face and also use this in any work that might be needed.I would like some ""exclusives"" because it's a good investment.The mentorship was the highlight and it had a really big impact on my work. It helped me be more focused, keep almost all my deadlines and have very focused and clear feedback on my work.If you need to you can pause your subscription and that helps to deal with real life issues.Some minor technical things that I had to face were solved in due time.One things that could be further improved would be some financial help for those that cannot afford the cost of the program.Read Less",springboard
"I took Springboard when I was still working as a full time web developer. I didn't have the opportunity to do any design work like was promised in this position, so I started to look at other options to pursue a career in design.I went to school for Graphic... Read More Design before my web developer job and I was freelancing on the side, but it wasn't something I wanted to do full time because I saw how the trend in the work field was shifting from print to digital. I have a friend that is a UX Designer and after learning about what she did, I knew UX Design was a career I wanted to pursue. I chose Springboard because I was impressed with the curriculum and I liked that the max amount of time I'd have to spend weekly on doing assignments was 15 hours a week which I could handle with having a full time job. I also liked that all students get a mentor while they're doing the course, and Springboard was more affordable and shorter term than the other courses I looked at. It was also completely online which was ideal.I already had experience doing month-long coding bootcamps in order to learn web development and a 6+ month course was not something I was interested in, as I was trying to transition to a new career as quickly as possible.Springboard covered a lot of topics on the research side of UX which was what I was ultimately interested in because I already had experience with User Interface Design. My mentor, Cari had a plethora of knowledge about the UX design field since she's done it for about 10+ years. She provided helpful constructive criticism on my assignments and my projects would come out more pristine and better aligned with the industry standards after receiving her feedback.Dave was an awesome student advisor and was always available to answer my course related questions. The course offered Office Hours in the evening which included interviews with UX Designers who had been in the field for a few years and would offer advice and share their experiences. I only went to a few of those but the ones I attended were helpful.I started interviewing for my current job when I was in module 8 of the course. It was at the same company my friend worked at and she encouraged me to apply. Springboard seriously prepared me for the interview process even though I was no where near the career prep section of the course (that's module 14).However, everything I learned up until section 8 helped me through the interview process, and Springboard's articles on Medium about preparing for interviews was also a life saver. The course in combination with the articles taught me how to explain my work and discuss the typical UX design process, since I had experience with that through the course.I was interview around 4 times, with different members of the team/recruiters which included an in person interview and I also had to do a design challenge which I was very nervous about but I took everything I learned so far in Springboard and applied it to the challenge. I'm happy to share that I got the job and have working there for 3 months (since January), but I decided to still continue with Springboard and I completed the course the end of February 2019.I would definitely recommend Springboard to those who already have a design background and are looking to gain more experience in the research aspect of UX Design. Even those who have a research background such as Psychologists, Communication/Marketing (I have a BA in Communication) majors will also find the course helpful if they're looking to transition into UX, however, the UI Design section isn't as thorough in this course like in the UX Career Track, as this course is only 3-4 months long.If you're looking for a course that goes more in depth when it comes to UI design, the UX Design Career Track for Springboard might be a better option. That course is 6 months long with career coaching and a job guarantee, but the application process is much more extensive and the price is higher. You also have to have a previous design background to gain entry into that course so the UX Design course that I took might get your foot in the door.Overall, I'm grateful for Springboard and all they have to offer. I highly recommend them!Note: The course I took was originally a Skills Track called UX Design when I was enrolled, but it's now called UX Essentials.Read Less",springboard
"This intensive course gives a thorough introduction to the full UX Design process, which includes User Centred Design, User Research, Content Strategy, Wireframing and Visual Design.The course allows you to study at your own pace and includes weekly calls... Read More with a personal Mentor who guides you through the whole process. There is also access to a community of students and Mentors who can also help you along your journey.Working through the curriculum and completing mini projects in each section of the course allows you to learn with hands on experience and gradually working towards a final Capstone Project for your chosen Mobile App or Website project.This is an intensive course and involves a lot of research, which I personally found the hardest part of the course, but it taught me the importance of empathy for the end user and gaining their feedback to help create a better end product. I certainly learned a great deal on the course and would recommend it to anyone looking at a career in UX Design.The course took me 4 months to complete as I was also working in a full time job, but with more time available you could complete within 2-3 months.Read Less",springboard
"This intensive course gives a thorough introduction to the full UX Design process, which includes User Centred Design, User Research, Content Strategy, Wireframing and Visual Design.The course allows you to study at your own pace and includes weekly calls... Read More with a personal Mentor who guides you through the whole process. There is also access to a community of students and Mentors who can also help you along your journey.Working through the curriculum and completing mini projects in each section of the course allows you to learn with hands on experience and gradually working towards a final Capstone Project for your chosen Mobile App or Website project.This is an intensive course and involves a lot of research, which I personally found the hardest part of the course, but it taught me the importance of empathy for the end user and gaining their feedback to help create a better end product. I certainly learned a great deal on the course and would recommend it to anyone looking at a career in UX Design.The course took me 4 months to complete as I was also working in a full time job, but with more time available you could complete within 2-3 months.Read Less",springboard
"I really enjoyed completing the UX Essentials Springboard course. I completed it while working full time, so it took me longer than I initially expected and had hoped. If you are thinking about completing the course, definitely consider how much time... Read More you will be able to dedicate to it each week. If you have other commitments, it will take a lot of dedication and self-motivation to complete the course. In my opinion, the best thing about the course was getting to work one-on-one with my mentor. She always had great insight and was an indispensable resource for me when completing my capstone project. Her real-life experience led her to give me great and practical advice.Overall, I would highly recommend Springboard to anyone considering completing a course with them. Just be sure to be realistic with yourself about how much time and energy you can give to the course before you start!Read Less",springboard
"When I began this course, I wasn't entirely sure what data science even was. With the help of my mentor, the curriculum, and the main project, I am now able to understand how much of the technology and services that we use is created through data science.... Read More Why this course works for me, is the ability to set my own schedule on the curriculum. I had no experience coding, therefore I didn't feel the pressure to cover this at a fast pace. In contrast, having some background in statistics helped me cover that part quicker than in a standard course.Read Less",springboard
This course has a great curriculum to get you the skills needed to become a data scientist and help build a portfolio.,springboard
"Well-organized intensive online Bootcamp covering all aspects of the data science life cycle. In addition, materials on advanced topics (NLP, recommender system, Spark, etc.) are also included in the curriculum. The weekly one-on-one coaching call with... Read More industry expert throughout the program is a highly valuable feature, providing guidance and timely feedback to build nice portfolio projects. Overall, I had a nice learning journey with Springboard and appreciated all the supports along the way.Read Less",springboard
"I started this course as a fresher just with basic knowledge of programming. I was not working at that time. I learnt python from scratch and successfully completed two capstone projects. Unlimited mentor call support really helps to understand the concepts.... Read More Got the job in the half way of my course, took break from the course and then continued again and finished. Pros: Wonderful curriculum  Unlimited mentor call support No cons but for beginners with job it’s difficult to finish it in 6 months. However with hard work and continuous effort it can be finished. Commitment really matters.Read Less",springboard
"I started the UX Design course at Springboard with one major goal in mind: to land a job in the field. I had lots of design experience and some UX experience under my belt, but apparently not enough to get a job. Springboard was the extra push I needed.... Read More It was super useful because it taught me a few extra things about the UX process that I didn't know and I was able to ask my mentor lots of questions. It gave me a structured and organized way to add a big piece of work to my portfolio and low and behold, as soon as I finished the project I was able to land a job in the field! If you already work in UX design I'm not sure that you'd learn a ton of new stuff, but I would definitely recommend to someone looking to get into the field.Read Less",springboard
"I really enjoyed the springboard UX design course. The mentor component is a big advantage to other online courses. While I couldn't always complete tasks each week due to life, it was nice to have some accountability but also support and guidance from... Read More someone in the field. The course is setup nicely to teach concepts and then provide an opportunity to apply the knowledge directly to a project. Choosing your own project is also fun because you are more inspired to improve something you don't like. Well laid out with a study plan too.Read Less",springboard
"ProsThe career track was a good learning experience. You get good support from teaching assistants, mentors and career coaches. It is approachable enough and you get to do plenty of exercises.This boot camp gives a good foundation to build a data science... Read More career on.ConsThere are few video lectures included in curriculum which can be difficult to follow, specially for a novice learner.Read Less",springboard
Wrapped up the class in 3 months. Great into to UX concepts and enough to get you going. Definitely going to look into taking their career course since I learned a lot over this 3 month period and would like to see how much more I learn. Definitely recommend... Read More for newcomers.Read Less,springboard
"I tried many times in the past to learn data science, but work always got in the way. My top 3 ways way that Springboard helps you. They help you focus on what is important to learn so you spend less time on learning useless information. Your mentor is... Read More able to guide you when you do not understand certain concepts. And they make you concentrate on career development which is the part I hate doing, but it is the most important. Overall, I am glad that I have taken this course because I feel confident that I have developed a great foundation to start my data science career. The rest is up to me to learn and develop myself to become even better.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's project-based, mentor-guided curriculum combined with their helpful and friendly career services and support staff made for a wonderful experience as a student. There is a broad range of skills learned and practiced through projects including... Read More statistics, hypothesis testing, data visualization, SQL, and applied machine learning. Through your capstones, you can dive deeper into data science topics that interest you. Since there is a job guarantee, a fair amount is asked of students, including finding additional resources to help complete projects. For me, this meant spending a minimum of 20-25 hours a week, so make sure you are able to carve out time in your day on a consistent basis.Read Less",springboard
"In addition to being a well curated course, the ability to talk to a real mentor every week helps keep things on track. The course also provides free access to DataCamp.",springboard
"Overall, I had a great experience with the class. The curriculum was nicely organized, and the reading materials were immensely helpful. I am very happy about the fact that I can access these materials even after completing the final capstone project.... Read More The weekly mentor meetings were also very helpful. They made me keep my commitments to get things done and gave me the opportunity to obtain constructive feedback from UX experts.Read Less",springboard
Springboard's mentorship and project-based approach were crucial to me and my learning. Being able to actually work on a marketing project and have an expert help me learn throughout the process was very helpful.,springboard
"Overall the course was an awesome experience. The course contains interactive coding courses through Datacamp.com. You are given a free membership to DataCamp while you are enrolled in the course. There are also actual Harvard Computer Science lectures... Read More provided for some of the machine learning topics. Something I didn't know going in, but was a nice surprise. Then, there are mini projects and your major capstone project. The projects can be challenging at times, but that is what it takes to learn. There is also the mentor aspect, which is great. Weekly calls with an expert to keep you focused and provide assistance on projects or any other advice. The community is not as strong as they advertise, but I think this is expected as most people are very busy and aren't looking to go out of their way to help other students. If you are coming from minimal coding experience in python, it will take a lot longer than average to complete this course.Read Less",springboard
"Honestly, I was a bit skeptical about Springboard at first, but it truly invited me to this magical tunnel where I can learn, explore, and experiment further with their mentor support. I have more visual design background and want to learn more about... Read More UX design. Springboard gave me a chance to get inspired and motivated to build a product with solid understanding of UX Design.Read Less",springboard
"The program was really good, felt like college but more engaging. The only thing I would have wanted was maybe for more videos and less readings. But other than that each phase of UX.UI was broken up into the right segments which made it easy for me to... Read More follow.Read Less",springboard
"I truly enjoyed taking the UX design class from Springboard! The curriculum was nicely organized, and the reading materials were all up-to-date. I love how I have a lifetime access to these materials so I can go back whenever I want. I particularly enjoyed... Read More having weekly mentor meetings and felt that it took my UX design learning to another level!Read Less",springboard
"Great program. I learned a lot that I'm starting to use in my career. My portfolio is still in its early phases, but this program helped me get started.",springboard
"If you're looking for a solid foundation for beginning your UX career, the Springboard course is definitelythe best place to start.",springboard
"The curated curriculum was an excellent way to learn and the mentor-led format (Renata was awesome!), as well as the projects, made the learning experience very effective and enjoyable. As a current instructional designer (now Learning Experience Designer),... Read More I can attest to the quality of the coursework and highly recommend this course to anyone remotely interested in gaining a deep understanding of the principles of User Experience Design.Read Less",springboard
"Pros: Eclectic course material with a wide variety of topics, lot of practice in visualization and data cleaning/munging, practice using mini projects.Cons: Certain topics, such as Spark and Data Science for Production, are only covered superficially.... Read More Mentor did not provide very detailed feedback on projects and exercises.Read Less",springboard
"This is an entry level boot camp program designed for students with limited background in data analytics.Pros: Weekly mentor calls is the main selling point, I enjoyed chatting with my mentor, but you need to be well prepared with agenda items, otherwise... Read More 30 minutes can pass so fast with no solid progression made. The mini projects in Jupytor notebooks are all very interesting and insightful, I think I've learnt more from those than videos and quiz. While I can see the trace that those are probably not what they originated, they did make modifications to those projects so it ended to be a good summary of each section. Cons: I'm not a big fan for a student proposed capstone project. I can easily imagine someone getting stuck at thinking about valuable business ideas and reliable data source to begin with their project, especially for a program facing inexperienced students. The program course material is mainly from Datacamp, there is nothing wrong with that business collaboration, but you won't feel happy realizing Datacamp subscription is only $29 per month. I convinced myself I'm mainly paying for the tutoring, and this could be subjective people believe it worth the price or not. Not much job support if you are not choosing the career track.One suggestion I'd like to make is to alter a little big the tempo of the program. Currently I can strong feel a jump of level of difficulty moving from statistical inference section to machine learning, and I consider myself half-experienced for those topics. If this is supposed to be a program for people start thinking about exploring their career at data analytics, I think you can simplify on machine learning topics and make the mini project as easy as what datacamp offered. If you believe this is a hard-core data science program, you'd like students to put more hours into the topic.Read Less",springboard
"The pros of attending this institution are the support you receive throughout your course of study, and the mentor who is with you every step of the way. It is an award-winning program that I would recommend anyone who wants to enhance or change careers.... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
"Before I took the course, I read a lot of these reviews and I can say that the positive feedback they give Springboard is true.If you're someone like me who needs a structure to their learning then this is a great course for the price. The Mentor meetings... Read More are really great, my mentor Andre provided great insight whilst taking an in-depth interest in my project, which made me feel like I was getting my money's worth.The course content is also brilliant as a new starter in UX.Something I really wanted to know was how long it would take:If you're working part-time, you can complete it in 2-3 months.If you're working full-time, you are looking at 3-4 months.I was working full-time during the completion of this course and it took me 4 months. However, the insight I've gained is massive and I feel like I've learnt a lot about UX.Read Less",springboard
"If you’re looking to go into data science, Springboard is the way to go! The Data Science Career Track program is curated, and I don’t know if people feel less inclined to join because of it, but I can say with confidence that everything is carefully... Read More and thoughtful placed together. You will gain the knowledge and skills needed to apply to your future job as a data scientist.What also makes the career program so great is the career coaching. I’ve not also learned new so much technical skills, but networking skills as well. The community is very close and we’re all very willing to help each other. I will recommend Springboard to anyone I know who is looking to transition into data science (or even UX, which is another popular program from Springboard).Read Less",springboard
Overall great structured course and the Mentors are great!,springboard
"Springboard’s data science career track program is one of their most popular programs, and there is a reason why! You can tell they truly have put in the time and effort to create a program where their students will gain the knowledge and skills needed... Read More to apply to their jobs. Aside from the amazing curriculum, the career services team is phenomenal. You come out of this program not only learning the necessary technical skills, but networking skills as well, which are equally important.Read Less",springboard
If you are working and want to advance your skills. The UX design course at Springboard is awesome. The curriculum is challenging but fun at the same time. They match you with a mentor that makes the experience valuable.,springboard
"springboard UX design is a course for graphic designer to people who want to change their career track with out paying high tuition price.Pros - you’ll have a mentor that keeps you on a steady pace. Also, there is numerous sources for you to use when... Read More getting discouraged or stuck in a certain section. The course is design for you to learn at your own pace.Cons- your mentor calls only last 30 minutes each week. You do have other ways of connecting with mentor, but I believe the mentor calls should be twice a week at least to cover your issues or looking over your work.Read Less",springboard
"I enrolled in the Data Science career track. I completed my course a couple of weeks back. I opted out of the career assistance because I already had a job which I am not planning to quit any time soon. I completed my course work. I had to interrupt my... Read More course twice. Once due to flooding and the other time when I was about to be a father. On both occasions Springboard paused my course and were supportive of me resuming it later.Pros:-1. Structure: The course is well structured and gives you a good idea of how to progress2. Exercises: There were a lot of exercises which gave a very good insight about how a data science project progresses. This included basic and intermediate statistical analyses and advanced topics.3. Projects: Two capstones make you practice a lot. The capstones along with mentor guidance solidified many concepts in my mind.4. Mentors (Biggest Pro): Having a mentor was the biggest pro. I was matched up to an excellent mentor, an expert in the field and he was extremely patient with me and always pushed me in the right direction. I understand a mentor can be different for different people but if they match you up with a mentor who is helpful, extract every thing from the opportunity.Cons:-1. I felt that not enough attention was paid to big data and data engineering. Maybe they will fix it in the future.2. The content was...ok. You can find equally good video materials on YouTube if not better materials.Overall:-Its a very good program for the amount of money you pay. I am not sure about the job support but based on the quality of my mentors, I am sure that is solid too.Read Less",springboard
"Pros:1. The program is very helpful in job applications. 2. The curriculum is very comprehensive, it gives me a good combination of theoretical knowledge and practice.3. The one-on-one mentor is helpful in answering my questions and giving me more guidance... Read More in the area.4. The homework and projects have really helped me to gain hands-on knowledge and sharpen my skills further.Cons:1. Self-discipline is needed, but I think this is the same for every program.Read Less",springboard
"I really enjoyed the Springboard UX Design course. It hooks you up with so many valuable resources and material. The best part was having a mentor who has a lot of experience in the field. You get to talk with him or her once a week and talk about the... Read More course material, your project, or any questions you might have. The hardest part for me was sticking to the schedule. It's nice that you can set your own pace but bad because you could potentially waste months and months not doing anything on it and no one will push you to get it done. There isn't very much accountability, which might be fine for some people but I need at least a little. Overall, I would definitely recommend it if you want to get into the UX design field or you just want to freshen up your design skills.Read Less",springboard
All in all springboard provided a very comprehensive course and a great community with which to answer any and all doubts along the way. The fact that the due dates are not enforced but provided also helped me personally to stay on track and finish my... Read More program in an orderly fashion. My mentor was also quite helpful and kept me thinking how I could continue to improve my project.Read Less,springboard
"Springboard gave me the passion of get deep in the field of my interest.By the way the main strength of springboard are the mentors. My mentor help me more than he supposed to do, and a lot of my friend had the same experience with their own mentors.",springboard
"I took Springboard’s UX design course and recommend it to anyone looking for a quality, self-paced program at a reasonable price. The pros for me were the weekly mentor calls with a UX design professional, good instruction/curriculum, excellent practice... Read More projects ideal for portfolio building, and the pricing structure of paying per month. The only downsides were I had to really rely on my mentor for examples of professional projects (it would have been nice to have more in the curriculum) and 30 min calls weren’t always enough time for him to teach and answer questions. So if you decide to take the course take advantage of communicating a lot over email so you can make good use of the video meetings.Read Less",springboard
"The introductory course gave me enough skills and knowledge to learn at a detailed level what data science comprises. This is an excellent update as continuing education for all but the most data intensive MPP or MBA degrees. The course gave me insights... Read More into machine learning and made me a savvy consumer of data visualization methods. There was great variety in the types of data and questions you could explore in your capstone project. I used sentiment analysis in a natural language processing project conducted on Twitter data.The Springboard administrative staff were friendly and professional, and the rules allow flexibility. However, I found that the Springboard curriculum guidance underestimated the time for completion of project tasks and interface with Github. I did require (free) supplemental resources and time to learn extra coding for my particular project. My fabulous mentor brought enthusiasm to teaching and supporting my project efforts. That kind of engagement is a rarity.Read Less",springboard
"Overall I had a pretty good experience with Springboard. The curriculum was very robust, and I felt like they covered a wide range of topics. I found the homework to take much longer than the suggested time, but the Student Support was very helpful, and... Read More gave me specific help and corrections for my work. I got a job a few months after I started the program, so I can't speak much to the job support, but I'm glad I had the opportunity to build a portfolio. The mentor aspect also kept me honest and on task, which was positive.Read Less",springboard
"There are probably some people who are very at selling themselves and wont need this program, but for people like me it was immensly helpful. In particular, the help building a network and assembling a portfolio was invaluable and precisely what I was... Read More lacking. It's farily pricey, but I can confidently say it would have taken me much longer to find a job without it.Read Less",springboard
"before participating in the online UX course from Springboard i had a general idea of what user experience entailed, but had no idea the steps, processes and skills involved in creating a full fledged team of contributors. this program was initially appealing... Read More to me for a few reasons. 1) my current position has always been a hybrid design/front-end coding and i wanted to be able to create more effective designs backed by user data 2) my company had started to explore the UX space and toy with installing a process and team and 3) this course also comes with a mentor that can help you through the course materials and project.the course materials are sourced from many different sites and while i thought this strange at first, i felt that it really added something extra to the course. first and foremost, it resulted in a large list of resources in the way of design and UX websites, blogs, organizations and tutorial sites that i now had in my back pocket and could continue to use for years to come (not to mention you still have access to all the course materials after completion). the other thing i found that i liked about this was that everything was not in the same voice, so you tend to get different perspectives on processes and techniques. that along with the fact that i felt the course dove deep enough into each discipline to get one’s feet wet made this a very valuable course IMO.to top it all off, Springboard as a part of the UX course matches each student with an experienced UX professional. each week you meet (online) with this mentor and review all the knowledge you are soaking up and discuss to make sure you’re understanding how all the pieces fit together. my mentor had years of contract experience working for companies like PayPal, Apple and Cisco, so she had a wealth of first-hand experience and knowledge to share with me and helped me to understand the application of all that i was learning. this feature alone was worth the price of admission for me.the one drawback i would take from this course could also be turned into a positive depending on your availability and drive. this course is a “work at your own pace” situation, so if you are overly busy (like i was) or just not motivated enough, the course can drag on and get expensive (you are charged monthly in some cases). that being said, another good part of having the mentor is that they help to keep you on track so if you are ready to make your way through the course, you should be fine!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard had a nice style that allows you to go at your own pace but I found that their weekly office hours and weekly mentor calls left too much of an opening for me when I had questions. Mentors are available by email, and there is a community board... Read More for posting but I felt like that by the time I was meant to review I had forgotten what questions I had. Overall I think it was a bit too free forming and needed to be more concrete. On the plus side, my mentor was very smart and offered valuable input when it was asked. There were some great subjects that I felt really stuck and couldn't be forgotten. I really enjoyed how Springboard utilized DataCamp to teach R. On the other hand, I did not like how they used Khan Academy for the probability and stats chapter. The other Youtube video for the machine learning chapter was also very hard to follow. I think better videos could be used or made.Read Less",springboard
"For some people a program like springboard may be of little use, but for people like me it was immensely beneficial. I can confidently say I would have taken me far longer to find a job. In particular I found Springboards advice and programs to help you... Read More network very helpful as well as the guidance for assembling a portfolio. The price is pretty steep, but for people who struggle to build a network or how to present themselves, it's worthwhile.Read Less",springboard
"I took the UX design course from Springboard and have never regretted since then. As a front-end developer, I have to improve on my UX knowledge to create better user flows for websites. But I didn’t know where to start, so I did a bunch of research and... Read More came across Springboard UX design course. Since their payment plans are based on monthly subscription and the price is pretty reasonable, I ask myself why not give it a try? I started the course with a Skype meeting with my assigned mentor and we talked about my goals and expectations of the course. Along the course, there are many mini UX assignments which I find it useful because I’m more of a hands on person when it comes to learning. I also have weekly meeting with my mentor to discuss and give valuable feedbacks on my assignments. My mentor is really patience with me and he explains in detail the reasoning behind each assignments and how to apply in real life cases. Aside from that, Springboard have a list of readings and I usually read them during my commute to and back from workplace so these tasks are easy to accomplish. Although, I find some of the course materials really time consuming such as long videos, but some of the materials are optional and also it is not mandatory to complete 100% of the course materials. (Although it will be good to)Towards the end of the course, I get to create my very first UX portfolio to submit as my capstone project which I find it useful especially for starters who doesn’t have a portfolio.Overall I find the 4 months course relatively simple to understand the concepts especially with the help of my mentor. I’m really glad I joined Springboard and I would recommend anybody who is interested in learning UX or wants to be a UI/UX designer to take the course!Read Less",springboard
"I completed the Springboard UX course in December of 2018, and as a previous graphic/web designer I could not be happier with it. I recently took some time off from work to stay home with my small kids, and am looking to get back into the field. Springboard... Read More gave my resume a boost and helped me fill in some gaps, as well as the confidence boost I needed! I worked with a terrific mentor, Michelle, who was able to give me advice and feedback that I needed to complete my Capstone project! If you are looking to move into UX from a similar field, then I do recommend Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"Overall I had a great experience with Springboard. I'd heard before taking the course that the Mentor experience is very valuable. Having completed the course I can now say that I very much agree. My Mentor had a wealth of UX knowledge from his career,... Read More and was happy to share this experience at every step along the way. I really felt that he went above and beyond, and was always there to support me when I needed that extra guidance.The one aspect that took me by surprise was that the content is fully sourced from a variety of online resources. I guess I'd suspected that there would be some original content. Not that this was necessarily bad - the resources were mostly very good, and would have been very difficult for me to find on my own.I was working a combination of part-time to full time on the course, and it did take me a solid three months. Those that say they pumped it out in a month? Not sure how they managed that feat :) But I now have my first portfolio piece that I'm very happy with. Cheers Springboard!Read Less",springboard
"1) Very nicely prepared course curriculum.2) Covered all necessary topics from machine Leaning.3) Mentor oriented weekly called were extremely helpful.4) Sufficient Videos and assignments for proper understanding.5) Very helpful student advising and support... Read More team.Read Less",springboard
"The program is great, and provided a lot of exposure in many key areas. There was a lot of great support I received from my mentor and the career coaches available. The curriculum is very good but could definitely use some tweaking with regards to pacing... Read More and some of the resources used, but that may just be a personal preference. It is quite a challenging program and a lot of effort will need to be put into finishing it but it is definitely worth it to get into the field of data science.Read Less",springboard
"I started the Springboard course not sure what I wanted to do after college, but knew I wanted to work in some sort of digital marketing field. Springboard sets you up with a very helpful student advisor and a mentor that is similar to the area of marketing... Read More that you want to get into. Having these two people made my experience a great one!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard gave me a great overview of the UX design process- the curriculum and projects were very thorough. My mentor helped me focus on what really mattered based on his experience in the field. I work full time and have a family, so it took me closer... Read More to 4 months to finish the course. For the $2000 I paid, I do wish I had more than the one capstone project to add to my portfolio. I am thankful I still have access to all of the curriculum as I will most likely move forward with applying the process to another project on my own. Another suggestion I would offer is to facilitate relationships between students and nonprofits that need UX design volunteer work in order to allow for experience with real-world projects and case studies.Read Less",springboard
"o I completed my Bachelors, went directly into my Masters, but then was really struggling with landing a job. I was failing the technical interviews, and then a good friend of mine recommended Springboard.I took the entrance exam (At the time it was timed... Read More exam with a few simple to moderate coding problems) and was accepted into the program.In my first week I was assigned a mentor and introduced to all of the software / learning platforms.The first month was centered around learning python, SQL, and completing a slew of DataCamp courses (You get a DataCamp membership with your Springboard course) that really prepare you for your big projects, the Capstone Projects.You work with your mentor to choose your projects (The first one is intended for a simple but deep data set, a good example is the Capital Bikeshare dataset from the UCI Repository, feel free to checkout my github for an example Username: JonOrr . Meanwhile the second project requires a bit more data cleaning, think along the lines of a kaggle competition.) then you follow up through weekly calls that keep you on point.Throughout the course you'll also learn how to better conduct your job search, interviews, and role targeting (Do you want to be a Data Engineer, Machine Learning Engineer, Data Scientist, Data Analyst, etc.). There is a job guarantee that gave me a lot of confidence while I was doing the course, it has a good amount of terms and conditions, but all of them are reasonable. They include but aren't limited to: Apply to 5 jobs a week, don't skip any interviews, etc. The career team works hard to make sure you get into a role that both fits your skill level, and your career goals. Let's say you want to be a Data Engineer and are quite suited to it, they won't push you to be a Data Analyst instead.One month after the completion of my course I was offered a Data Scientist position with a competitive salary (going to keep the number confidential but it was strong) in one of the regions of my choice (You choose 2-3 regions at the start of the course, I chose: Boston &amp; San Francisco) I could not be happier with my experience.Read Less",springboard
"The springboard UX Design online course is a cheap alternative to the in-person bootcamps. The course goes through the basics of UX design, allows students to complete 1 full project, and pairs students with mentors. Mentors are extremely knowledgeable... Read More and helpful and are well-connected in the industry. The project goes through the full UX design process, and gives you material to put onto your portfolio at the end of the course. The online forums, or community, is composed of fellow classmates who are available to give feedback and provide information or help.The concept of UX design relies on obtaining feedback for any work you have created, and this is one area that Springboard struggles with. Students who have completed some work need to spend a lot of valuable time finding people to help them with things like surveys, interviews, user testing, card sorting. Additionally, some of the curriculum can be repetitive and overlapping.Read Less",springboard
"I was constantly looking out for a UX course from past 1.5 years or so. I wanted a classroom training but there were limited to no options. I had to settle down for an online course and I can say I made the right choice by opting for Springboard. I asked... Read More few of the designers to go through the curriculum and give me feedback and everyone suggested that the curriculum was thorough and covered all aspects of the process. I completed the course a few days ago and here is my detailed review :Pros : - The course is self-paced which is exactly what I was looking for. - Every student gets a mentor and my mentor was really very helpful in resolving all the issues that I had. - The course material covers almost every important aspects written by great authors.- Additionally, you also get 1 year lynda.com subscription which you can utilize to learn more in-depth about UX processes.- Very supportive student advisors. Cons :- Mentor calls are usually once a week and sometimes they are busy and cannot get back on time. - For countries like India, the fees is a tad bit expensive.Read Less",springboard
I would recommend this course to a friend! This course is very suitable for someone without industrial knowledge of data science.,springboard
"I attended the Springboard UX Design program from September 2017 to April 2018 and had a great experience. I initially started my course in 2016 for three months before pausing the program. Since that time the curriculum was significantly revamped for... Read More the better. The strongest aspect of the course are the mentors providing weekly coaching. I had three mentors throughout my Springboard courses, two of which had experience in the game development industry, which was important to me. One of my mentors did not have much experience in the industry and as a result I requested a change in mentors. This was the only negative experience I had with the course, and resulted in some duplicated work when I transitioned to my next mentor. Even though this mentor did not have game development experience, they had plenty of Fortune 500 UX knowledge and if my desired job was not so niche, I believe the mentor relationship would have been excellent. The curriculum has a relatively short beginner's guide to UX concepts before introducing the capstone project. The capstone will take up most of your time, and all of the small assignments build to this final project. I felt like the training content (largely through Lynda videos) was applicable and engaging. It helped to apply the ideas from the video directly to my project as I took notes. Having a capstone to constantly build on while studying these concepts provided constant motivation. My mentor also helped take concepts and apply them to my project. I found it easy to speed through sections I was already well versed in, and enjoyed being able to take my time in sections that were new to me. Something they don't mention in the on-boarding/ marketing material is that you also get a year's Lynda.com subscription with your Springboard course. This is a great resource to access if you have other disciplines you want to study.Overall, I'd recommend this program with the caveat that if your mentor doesn't feel right for you in your gut don't feel afraid to contact Springboard support immediately and talk it out with them. They are very responsive and immediately placed me with a mentor that fit my needs. I'm glad I learned the skills I did, and was able to create a professional portfolio from my learning experiences.Read Less",springboard
"The Springboard Introduction to UX Course is a comprehensive guide into the world of User Experience for any individual wanting to learn more about this field. At the end of the course, students will have a full scope of what work goes into UX, along... Read More with their own projects to prove it. This course gave me the knowledge and understanding about the UX process, and allowed me the opportunity to craft a portfolio ready to present to future employers. At Springboard, the goal is not only to help you gain and understand the skills, but more importantly, to show you how to apply them.Read Less",springboard
"At the end of 2017, I spent two and half months completing the 'Introduction to Data Science' at Springboard, but ""Data Science Career Track"" is a totally different thing. I had thought I could complete it within six months, and actually I spent near... Read More eight months. Thanks to the supporting team of Springboard, their kindness, understanding and encouraging, helped me overcome challenges and finally completed the Data Science Career Track course, and under the help of my career coach, now I have more confidence in the job seeking market and use skills I have learned from Springboard to gain more opportunities than I had expected.Now I heard that Springboard has a new course for machine learning engineering, that is so great! Maybe I will take it in the future.Read Less",springboard
"I completed the introduction to data science course in 3 months. The course used the R programming language and covered important skills required of data scientist. This included data wrangling, data visualizations, data story telling, probability and... Read More statistics, and machine learning. The course also provided career resources. The material in this course was good and I believe I learned a lot. There is also a capstone project you are required to complete. This is where you bring all the skills you learned together. The best part of the course was a mentor who’s is a professional data scientist where you get 1:1 calls once per week. You can chat about anything data science related. The mentor helps guide you and motivate you, especially on the capstone project.All in all I thought the learning experience was really good. Pros:1:1 mentor callCapstone projectLearn r programmingCons:I wish some of the assignments where hands on (a lot where) but some were assigned through datacampRead Less",springboard
"The pro's are the mentors and career coaches are very helpful. The curriculum is self paced so being a self starter and having extra time to put in to the course weekly is a must. Overall, I would highly recommend this course to aspiring Data Scientist.... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
"Pros:-Support is great. Never went a few days without a response-Mentor was very helpful-A lot of practice on the analysis side, which was great, since I wanted to get into data analytics, but not so much practice on the Data Science side of things-Mock... Read More interviews were helpful-Mentor put my name in for a position and I was hired as a contractor, so it's already paying offCons-Second half of the course seemed a little unfocused (though that might be because of the track I chose)-This might be only with the career coach I was paired with a few times, but they seem to rely heavily on contacting random people to ""grow your network"" in order to eventually get a job. They don't do much on the side of directing you to anyone who can realistically get you a job.-CAUTION: I took this course while completely unemployed and worked my butt off for 4-4.5 months to complete it. I do not see anyone realistically completing this course within 6 months with a full time job, unless you lose countless hours of sleep.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard was a great program and I highly recommend it. Over just a few months, I learned best practices, workflows, examples of career types in UX and so on. I also really liked the mentorship that comes with Springboard. Overall it was a great course... Read More and I'm glad I took it.Read Less",springboard
"Overall, I came away learning about the fundamentals of UX Design in a creative and unique style.I enjoyed the homework challenges and the creative process.If there is a con , I would say I would like to see more engagement from the faculty and mentor,... Read More giving some real world scenarios and situations.Read Less",springboard
"I had a fantastic experience with Springboard. I took their Introduction to Data Science course in fall of 2017 and their Data Science Career Track course in 2018. The course was a great alternative to a fully immersive bootcamp, since I wanted something... Read More that allowed me to quickly learn the skills required for a Data Scientist while still being able to work my full time job. The course does require a lot of self-discipline in time management since you're working through everything online and there is a lot of material to get through. I ended up spending an average 10-20 hours per week working through the course material so that I could finish in 6 months. The biggest asset for me was the weekly meetings with my mentor. He was a huge help in making sure I understood the tutorials and assignments and he helped keep me accountable and on track.If you are willing to put in the work and don't mind learning online in an isolated environment instead of in a classroom, I highly recommend Springboard. It was a lot of work, but ultimately worth it because I ended up landing my first job in data.Read Less",springboard
"I signed up for this course after learning about UX and wanting to make a career change. Ultimately I chose this school over others because of the access to mentors and flexibility to complete the coursework on my own time. I was completely new to the... Read More field so I wanted mentors to help guide me. Also I worked full time, so I didn't want to commit to a specific class time every week. The overall course structure starts with a product idea that you create and walks you through the UX design process with the guidance of a mentor. The actual course work is pretty much a compilation of videos and articles that are available publicly online. For a beginner, it's nice that the course organizes the content appropriately. I wish the time with the mentor was longer, because 30 minutes once a week comes and goes really fast! It's important that you're mentor clearly understands what you want to get out of the course, that helps to determine how detailed they are in feedback. Hallie was also an amazing student leader and Fabio &amp; Emily were great as an additional resource in the weekly office hours. You can check out videos on YouTube to see how office hours are structured. I'm really glad I took this course as it helped me move from a job I didn't like in manufacturing to a product manager for a web development company!Read Less",springboard
"I recently completed the Data Science career track course and I'm very pleased. The biggest benefit is the flexibility, I had to take a 2 month break for personal reasons and the return was as smooth as possible.PROS:It's online, and very flexible, so... Read More you can go at your own pace, even take some time off if necessary. I was doing this along my PhD.The contents are deep and detailed, well oriented to the professional worldThere is a team of people helping you, from having feedback from your exercises, mentoring, and career supportJob-back guarantee if eligibleThe work you carry out is engaging and interesting, and you work with real dataCONS:Really, the only possible improvement is that sometimes it felt we returned to contents that were quite established. A couple of online videos and exercises were somewhat repetitive.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's UX Design Course sets you up for success. The curriculum excellent, and it's ""learn through experience"" drives real results. I now have a portfolio that I know can land me a meaningful job in UX Design. But what's most important is that... Read More now have the skills and confidence in UX Design to have a real-world impact. Springboard matches you with a mentor who will guide you from start to finish. Having a mentor is fundamentally important when being introduced to new design challenges/projects. I couldn't have put out my best work without my mentor. Springboard also has a supportive community of students and Designers, who keep you motivated and serve as a constant source of inspiration. Springboard is excellent, and I wish them the best.Read Less",springboard
"I started the course with absolutely zero knowledge of data science. I almost didn't even know what it's about it. In almost a month I was at the point that I knew about Machine Learning techniques and I am so glad I took the course. Since it was online,... Read More I had to tune it to my own pace and I really enjoyed the learning process. I had previously taken courses from other online institutes (no names will be mentioned) but I had got nothing out of them sadly (truthfully). Good thing about Springboard is that it's a blend of online school with human interactions, office hours, mentor calls, etc. that I guess is their winning card.Read Less",springboard
"Overall, it was an interesting and fruitful alternative to going back to grad school to get another degree (I already have an engineering masters). A lot of the program is about your willingness to put time into learning the concepts. The mentoring component... Read More and capstone projects are the differentiators of this program. I thoroughly enjoyed the experience!Note: Make sure you get along with your mentor!Read Less",springboard
"I really enjoyed my course with Springboard. Compared to other bootcamps/online courses I've done they really make an effort through the mentoring and support to genuinely help you get to where you want to be. In my case, I was familiar enough with most... Read More UX concepts but hadn't had many opportunities to put them into practice or demonstrate my skills, and wanted to move into UX design as a career.To that end, the curriculum was less important to me than the opportunity to work on an end-to-end design project with mentor guidance, which I could then use to start a portfolio. So the capstone project was a perfect format to help me reach the main goals I set out to achieve when choosing a course, namely to feel more confident in my UX and visual design abilities, and to have a portfolio to share with employers. However, the learning material itself does give a good grounding in a broad range of UX concepts and skills, so if you're a beginner you'll definitely be sent down the right paths. There's a tonne of UX information out there online, but on the whole Springboard do a good job of bringing the basics together without getting you lost in the details.I've just finished my course and haven't got to the point of applying for roles yet (I want to try and expand my portfolio a little further first), but I would definitely recommend the course to anyone looking to achieve what I have. I have no regrets about making the jump!Read Less",springboard
The course is well structured as it starts with the basics of R and covers the most of the tools and techniques required for data analysis and data mining. Its also great to have an expereinced mentor to direct you with your capstone projects.There were... Read More some really complex statistical modeling topics which i personally found it difficult it would have been nice if i had few topics to chose from as i was more inclined on the text analytics type of topicsRead Less,springboard
"The last 6 months has been quite the journey and I'm happy to have chosen Springboard to jet-start my data science career. The program covers a lot of ground and includes concepts such as Python programming, SQL databases, inferential statistics, building... Read More your resume/cover letter, networking with professionals, machine learning, etc. Pros:- Everything is online so you can learn at your own pace.- You are assigned a personal mentor who is a data science professional.- You have access to extra daily mentor calls with one of the other data science mentors.- The course will help you complete 2 major capstone projects that you will add to your data science portfolio.- The curriculum is very thorough and presents you with an abundant amount of resources for learning.- There are many mini-projects along the way that help you practice your learning.- You can schedule calls with career coaches who will help you prepare for interviewing and beefing up your resume.Cons:- Since everything is online, there are no live instructors who give you feedback in-person.- Getting feedback on your projects may sometimes take a while because the TAs are typically busy.- Some of the material was confusing, which resulted in difficulty understanding some of the concepts.Overall, I would give Springboard a rating of 4/5. I definitely recommend it to anybody interested in becoming a data scientist!Read Less",springboard
"What a jump into a new life!As my goal is "" becoming a digital nomad"".. I really enjoyed the way Springboard structured the UX Design course. It was available while I was in Namibia, South Africa and Mauritius - so as long as you have a good connection... Read More you are ready to go! They assign you with a suitable mentor straightaway which i found to be a huge bonus. You definitely go through the process from UX Design and the community is very helpful anytime! I would recommend it.!!Read Less",springboard
"The Springboard UX Design bootcamp was a great crash course for people looking to explore the field. The resources are all from expert practitioners and I gained a lot of inside knowledge from my mentor! My only critiques are 1) the community forums could... Read More be a little more user friendly (finding out where to post is a little complicated) and 2) the job board and career networking forums aren't regularly updated. They provide a few links and suggestions to help you build your resume and portfolio, but at the beginning of the course I was under the impression that career assistance would be a little more enthusiastic. Other than those things, I'm very happy with the knowledge and wealth of resources I gained in the course. I now have a solid footing to build my UX portfolio based on the methodologies they teach. It also helps that I have access to these resources forever!Read Less",springboard
I really enjoyed the way Springboard structured the UX Design course. They assign you with a suitable mentor straightaway which i found to be a huge bonus. You definitely go through the process as a all rounded UX Designer so if your someone who doesn't... Read More know much about the research or testing side this course is very helpful!The only cons I have would be the platform they use for students to learn. It could be improved so it works a bit more seamlesslyRead Less,springboard
"A great program with a job guarantee! If you're self driven, this course will really jump-start your career in Data Science, or your money back! The curriculum was challenging, but fair, and I was able to learn a lot in a short time. The net result was... Read More being hired as a level II analyst (with no prior data analyst experience), which also resulted in a 30% increase in my salary!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's UX Design course is an excellent introduction to the field of user experience. The curriculum, my wonderful mentor, and my project all worked in tandem to solidify my understanding of the general UX process, such as creating personas and... Read More conducting usability tests. It's also more affordable compared to many other bootcamps, which can cost thousands of dollars. Springboard is self-paced and has a monthly fee, so you can complete it earlier and pay less, which is what I did. My student advisor, Dave, was kind enough to help me determine how to reach my personal goal and spend what I could afford.Although there is no job guarantee (apparently, a ""UX Career Track"" course was recently added for this purpose), the UX Design course helped me learn new skills and flesh out my existing portfolio. A lot of UX job ads specify that a UI background and/or HTML and CSS skills are required, which are areas where I currently lack proficiency. I'm hoping I'll eventually be able to get a stable UX job (perhaps after acquiring more technical knowledge) or apply my skill set to a similar field.To summarize, I highly recommend Springboard if you want to understand the UX process as a whole, though you will benefit further if you already have front-end development experience.Read Less",springboard
"I've taken a UX design course with Springboard in the fall of 2018. I've chosen them for one on one weekly lessons with the mentors, working in the industry. The curriculum is pretty good, and there is always an awesome guy Andrew (I hope i haven't confused... Read More the name) on forum who always reacts to anything you post, so at least you are getting some reaction, which is nice. This being said, there is a lot of stuff you need to dig into yourself if you really want to get to the core of it. However, this course helped me understand what I am really interested in (UX) and what I am not too passionate about (UI). Overall, it has been great experience.Read Less",springboard
"The course was incredibly easy to jump-in and start learning right away; with a nice variety of mediums to learn from. I come from a completely unrelated background and came to this course to make a career change. Springboard gave me all the tools that... Read More I needed to become fully confident in learning the UX process from start to finish, theories as well as modern-day applications AND getting me a solid first project to showcase on my portfolio. 1:1 mentor calls were by far the best part and extremely helpful especially with an online course for when questions or guidance is needed. The community resource was great and support system for any course related help was immediate and on top of their game. Can't say enough great things!Read Less",springboard
Good program for entry level. I love how flexible it is.,springboard
I am so happy that I took Data Science Career Track with Springboard. Curriculum is well structured. My mentor Dipanjan helped very much technically also motivated me throughout the course. Career Counselors helped very much resume preparation and job... Read More searchRead Less,springboard
"I'm very satisfied with Springboard in every aspect. The lessons are well-made, valuable and useful. My mentor, the team and the support of Springboard were excellent. The things I would have improved, that I would optionally make it possible to lengthen... Read More the time of the weekly calls. I would give more attention and time to the career development. Overall I'm highly satisfied with the course, I would recommend to any of my friends who are interested to learn UX Design.Read Less",springboard
"ProUser friendly format, Good community, Intelligent Mentors, Well organized material, and decent set up for office hour materials. The monthly fees can be used for the career track of up to $1000 and also they did have the first month free to try when... Read More I took it. My mentor Max Sop did an excellent job in being efficient and letting me know what needed to be done and also pushed me to meet the goals we set.ConShould be a little more challenging and code driven, though i do understand its an introductory course and needed to cover the basics. Many times you may not find the answer right away even if its an easy solution so learn to use your resources to you advantage this can be hard. Do not waste time if you are stuck, try to keep moving through the material and learn to come back or ask if you need help.Read Less",springboard
"ProUser friendly format, Good community, Intelligent Mentors, Well organized material, and decent set up for office hour materials. The monthly fees can be used for the career track of up to $1000 and also they did have the first month free to try when... Read More I took it. My mentor Max Sop did an excellent job in being efficient and letting me know what needed to be done and also pushed me to meet the goals we set.ConShould be a little more challenging and code driven, though i do understand its an introductory course and needed to cover the basics. Many times you may not find the answer right away even if its an easy solution so learn to use your resources to you advantage this can be hard. Do not waste time if you are stuck, try to keep moving through the material and learn to come back or ask if you need help.Read Less",springboard
"The price is affordable compared to other data science bootcamp. The team is very supportive and you will be able to finish your own projects with the support from the team.The program not only take care skill sets, but also equip you with tips for interviews... Read More and negotiations. They also provide career coach service where you can revise your resume and do mock interviews. In summary, they prepare you with most of the thing that enable to to work in a data science field.Read Less",springboard
Springboard brings a new edition of a well structured career development to meet current needs of the corporate.The mentors are career oriented and just on top.,springboard
"Springboard's course on User Experience (UX) Design profoundly changed my career path. Only three years ago, I was a philosophy major at Vassar College. While I was a tech-enthusiast, I always believed that my non-coding background limited my ability... Read More to enter this field once I graduated. However, by sheer luck, I stumbled upon Springboard's online UX course and signed up. At the time, I hardly had any little knowledge of what UX was at all. Now, as a UX Designer at IBM, I cannot stress how pivotal this course in enabling me to jumpstart my career.Springboard uses an intuitive website to guide students through the various stages of designing a mobile application or website (which may conveniently enough be used as a portfolio piece). Utilizing a mixture of articles, interactive courses, and videos, I was able to gain a firm understanding of the different design research methodologies popular in the field. This was important on two fronts. Firstly, these techniques helped me design better applications, since tools like card sorts, interviews, and wireframings genuinely help you design better experiences and can be applied virtually anywhere. Secondly, the techniques I learnt served as buzzwords to those I interviewed with for UX Design roles that demonstrated my knowledge in the field.On top of this, there were two aspects that made this course truly successful. The first was the weekly Skype calls with a design mentor. At the start of the course, I was assigned a mentor who was a professional in the field. Once a week I could consult her with any questions about the coursework, or any career-related questions I had. Cultivating this relationship humanized the course for me, and transformed it from a collection of videos and literature to a full-fledged course. The second aspects that stood out to me was the price. At 400 dollars a month, you really can't complain given the material you're given. I was able to go on to develop 4 portfolio pieces with other clients after the course to build my name- other popular alternatives such as General Assembly will run you thousands of dollars more.Overall, would definitely recommend this course!Read Less",springboard
"I joined the Data Science Career Track in order to gain the hard skills associated with Data Science after working w/ a small start-up as an impromptu Data Researcher and Analyst and having previously earned an MS including classes in stats.I chose the... Read More program for it's emphasis on application of skills in my own projects, and the flexible relationship with the Mentor. Pro: - Mentor was great, had real-world experience and served as a great resource to help me define a good question and project as well as solve technical questions w/ my coding. She also provided extra resources if I wanted to practice or further develop a skill from the program. - included some optional extra projects and lessons for many skills, so you could easily do extra practice if desired. - Great lessons on ML and AI applications, and A+ lectures.- Career services was very involved if desired, and very flexible about providing support. Con: - not enough lessons/ practices provided for advanced SQL , which ended up being emphasized in the career process. - As an online course it is great, but it would be great if they helped organize weekly study sessions for students in the Bay Area, or other dense locations and encouraged students to work together.Read Less",springboard
"I learnt and acquired a lot of new important skills for the data scientist position. I appreciated in particular the projects because, in that way, I could work with different dataset and applied the techniques and also the DataCamp lessons.",springboard
"I was really happy to choose Springboard for my data science education. Springboard's student service is consisting of dedicated people, who are always willing to make the best for all individuals. If you have any problem, don't hesitate to ask for help!... Read More Otherwise, they cannot know. So, being engagement with student advisor or any people from Springboard is really important for the success. They are always ready to help. They give importance to people's education and happiness rather than their business. From student advisors to mentors, they are all helpful, generous and professional.Read Less",springboard
"I come from a software engineering background. I have been developing data-centric applications for over a decade but have never did any data science.I always wanted to take it to the next level by learning data science/machine learning, but I always... Read More found it too difficult to do on my own. There's just too much knowledge/learning-paths/etc. out there that I kept getting confused on which way to proceed.Thankfully, I found Springboard. They have been an absolute lifesaver. The best thing about the course is that it lays out a clear path on how to get from A to Z. No more constant confusion. The mentors there really helped guide me and keep me focused on what really mattered and not get lost down a rabbit hole etc.The course takes a lot of work. But by the end of the course I was already able to implement data science solutions for my employer. 'Tis been an amazing experience - I highly recommend Springboard!Read Less",springboard
From start to finish I was very pleased with this program. It does require you to stay focused and self motivated but as long as you can keep a good work ethic I don't see why someone should succeed in this program. It was very informative and the courses... Read More were quite thorough. 10 out 10 would recommend this program to anyone who desires to pursue a career in UX design.Read Less,springboard
"I learned a lot from the Business Analytics course, 90-days learning from the best mentor. I loved the idea of working on the projects and having the mentor review them and giving feedback once a week. The use of real-life business projects is awesome... Read More it makes you think in different perspectives. If you have a hard time with time management or you have a lot of stuff in your plate you need to make sure you manage your time wisely and take at least 1 or 2 hours daily to work in the project.Read Less",springboard
"I had been working as a graphic designer for over 4 years (usually in Print, Digital ads, and branding) but was feeling stuck in my freelance/agency career. I decided to jump fully into UI/UX after I had enjoyed my first app project but felt like I wasn't... Read More completely informed about my design decisions. Springboard had a great 'work at your own pace' curriculum that I jumped right into. I finished the course in 3-4 months and in the middle of the course I acquired my first UI design client. I still work with that client today, and a few others.Springboard provided me with confidence in my design, project proposals, and UX consultations. I now work full time as a freelancer in the UI/UX field and I love it.Read Less",springboard
"The Pros: Attending the Springboard UX Design program helped me fill in some gaps about the UX Design process. I had some exposure and practice with the UX process before taking the course. However, my knowledge and experience were minimal. The Springboard... Read More UX course helped me gain some new skills as well as giving me a few mock projects for my design portfolio. Having access to a real mentor gave me the confidence that I was on the right path to learning UX design. My mentor was helpful and insightful in answering questions I had about the UX process and the new skills I was learning. In addition to the online training curriculum, I also had the support system of fellow students taking the course. This was helpful when getting feedback about my projects. The cons:The Springboard UX Design course is a great course for anyone who is alright with learning online. If you like to ask lots of questions, or need to be able to interact with other humans then this course probably isn't the best. Although you do have access to other students through an email type system, that about it. You are assigned a mentor, but you have limited time with your mentor over skype or via phone calls. In this respect, you miss out on that detailed human interaction that you can ask detailed questions and get real feedback.Read Less",springboard
"I know the curriculum has changed since I started the course Oct 2017, so some of the criticisms may no longer apply. The strongest part of the course is the access to the mentor(s) and the team of career coaches. The curated course content overall is... Read More very good, though some lectures are from 4-5 years ago.The main focus is the two capstones and the mentor interaction to keep you moving forward on them.The Python datacamp courses (at the time) where mostly useful, though at some points I used other materials from courses like Udemy or LinkedIn Learning where the curriculum fell short of the coursework being asked.The coursework at many points has incorrect time-estimates for the (2-4 hrs suggested but actually needing 10-20). Some coursework questions and worksheets were out of date or missing. If you have a full-time job then staying on a schedule based on the course completion time then you will be as frustrated with this as we were. The most common observation on the forums was the poorly supported statistics element, with insufficient course material for a crucial element of data science and insufficient study material for the coursework.I have worked every week/other week with my career coach to refine my resume, profile etc. I am getting invitations to on-site interviews and phone screens.Read Less",springboard
"I attended the Springboard Data Science Career Track program for ~5 months. I did some research before entering. I had some coding and data analysis experience before entering. This one suits me the best among other data science courses, because (1) It's... Read More online, so I don't have to quit my job. (2) It's mentor supported, very few if any online program offer that (3) It has a job guarantee. Overall, the experience was fantastic.The curriculum, while not perfect, is well curated and organized and covers not just technical subjects, but also career support. I get 30 minutes with a mentor every week to review my assignments, answer my questions, etc. My mentor had similar background as I do and had gone through the academia to industry transition before, so he was able to offer valuable advices in addition to technical guidance. At the end of the course, I was required to pass 4 mock interviews and complete two capstone projects which prepared me a lot for the job hunting. I landed interviews from many companies, from start-up to large companies like Amazon, near the end of my study. Though, I have to say, the course alone won't be enough for interviews at the likes of Amazon and Google, it should be sufficient to help you land you positions at mid-tier companies.Overall, I find what I learned very useful, the experience with my mentor pleasant, and the cost reasonable. If you are someone who is considering transition to data science, but cannot quit your job for dedicated bootcamps, I definitely recommend this program from Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"I walked into Springboard with not a lot of expectations, mostly because I knew so little about UX Design to begin with. With my background in graphic design though, I found that a lot of the teachings and exercises came intuitively as I navigated the... Read More coursework. For those who don't have the same background as I do, I still think it would be a solid course to do; Springboard provides a really good general overview of what UX is and all its separate pathways found in the tech bubble today. The mentorship works great as a personal nudge/kick in the butt when you need it to, and there's some fairly decent peer feedback as well on the community boards.Read Less",springboard
"The great thing about Springboard is the abundance of support, weekly calls from the mentor and a clear walk through of the cutting edge course material.",springboard
"Starting UX with Springboard was challenging especially if you come from non- designer field. My accomplished tasks looked unprofessional, due to the lack of knowledge in the graphic design field. It gave you theoretical knowledge, however, the content... Read More of the course is not written by Springboard but rather patched out from different online resources and for that reason, the course was expensive for me. I did graduate with a portfolio but it is far from being job ready. It was a great beginner course that was very organised and challenging at the same time, it was for sure pushing you out of the comfort zone. Give it a try if you are totally a beginner.Read Less",springboard
"Having a mentor to keep moving forward and bounce things off of was very helpful. The content was great but being able to reach out with the inevitable, wait, how does that work type of questions was great.Working through a capstone project provided a... Read More concrete artifact to discuss during interviewsRead Less",springboard
"This program helped me nearly double my salary, and got me into the job that I wanted.",springboard
The program was great - the one on one time with a mentor was good as well. I was between jobs and wanted to change career paths so it gave me a good footing for the world of UX design and the behind the scenes look at what and how things get done. it... Read More was hands on and going through the various sections not only builds to a great capstone project but a good portfolio piece be able to talk about as you go out and interview.Read Less,springboard
Having a B.S. in Math reduced the learning curve for me to complete the content in the Introduction to Data Science course but the real challenge and fun came from the projects and interaction with my mentor and the community. Learning and research is... Read More not a solo effort and Springboard has designed their program around that. The weekly meetings with my mentor who was very knowledgeable and motivating pushed me to keep progressing on with my project and try new things that I never thought about in my previous education. Overall the course made me appreciate the lengthy and challenging in a Data Science project and how much you really need to work with other people to accomplish tasks.Read Less,springboard
I absolutely love Springboard!! I took the introduction to data science course and it was one of the best and most comprehensive programs I've seen in R. The student advisor and mentor aspect just take the course to that next level. I would absolutely... Read More recommend this to anyone looking to break into data science.Read Less,springboard
"I have a degree in physics and some gap years after graduation. I wasn't confident at all to find a job as a data scientist until I found Springboard as one of the best online training program with a job guarantee. It's quite intensive and helps me develop... Read More skills and build portfolios by working on real world datasets with guidance from industry experts-my mentor! As a not -so-fresh student without interviewing experience, I was very worried about the interviews: how it's like and how to prepare for it... Springboard has a section for mock interviews covering non-technical behavior interviews and technical interviews (project walkthrough interview, coding and general data science interview). I really like this part which gives me a lot of confidence. In addition to excellent mentor guidance, the career coach is also awesome. They can be of great help in sharing strategies in job hunting: helping reviewing/improving resume, cover letters and expanding networks. The only cons that I can think of is that some of the curriculum takes much longer than suggested.Read Less",springboard
Springboard Ux Design was a very interesting and engaging experience. The mentor ship program alone is worth it because of the real life and real time engagement your mentor provides. The only “bad thing” about the course is that it only touches very... Read More briefly on each topic within UxD. It could be nice to have delved deeper into certain topics.Read Less,springboard
"PROS: Great community, great student follow up, great encouragementCONS: My mentor had her own objectives going on",springboard
"The pros are the way that knowledge is structured in a very step by step way, perfectly graspable and suitable for a newbie in the field of UX design. The mentor is also a good addition to the course. The mentor seemed to be able to provide a lot of information... Read More in the field. The past portfolios and assignment submitted by the community is also a great resource to learn from. The only drawback, I would say, is that there is not enough interaction between the cohorts. I don't get to interact with peers that much.Read Less",springboard
"The resources, mentors, and educational quality are excellent. I'm sure the program developers do their best with time estimations. However, I personally found that I had to budget more time than estimated with most modules and projects.",springboard
"I decided take the Springboard UX design course over three months and I learned so much! It's definitely a starting off point, as you complete one project during the course and most UX careers will inquire more experience and material in your portfolio.... Read More But I feel like I know enough now to dive into creating my own case studies and build my portfolio. During the course, I was able to keep up with the projects and curriculum while I was juggling other work related projects, which was a huge plus for me. Also, being paired with a mentor was a game changer. It helped me talk about what I was learning so I could better understand why and how the material would be applicable in a real world context. I also really appreciated being able to get one on one feedback on my projects so I could be sure I was headed in the right direction. Some projects and reading materials took longer to get through than I had expected, but that might have been just me as I took a lot of notes! I would definitely recommend this course for anyone who is interested in learning UX!Read Less",springboard
"I started looking for an online training/certification on Data Science in Jan 2017 and found Springboard as one of the best in terms of their curriculum. It started with basics then finishes up to big data/spark. Also, they have a job guarantee clause... Read More that they will return your tuition if you dont get a job after 3 months of graduation. In fact, I got a job offer before I finished all subjects in the curriculum. I also got a very supportive and excellent mentors, Medhi and Kevin. They shared their projects/experiences to me which gave me more ideas on what projects I can do. Would definitely recommend Springboard to my friends and colleagues.Read Less",springboard
"I started the Data Science Career Track bootcamp in April 2018, completed Aug 2018. BACKGROUND: Graduated with a master's in one of the biosciences, few months prior to bootcamp. Due to my work, already had background in data analysis, stats, and programming... Read More in another language besides Python. Some Python tutorials were sufficient for applying to this bootcamp. CURRICULUM: Covers required basics, esp for data science interviews. Mostly based on pre-existing materials online, but Springboard does the legwork of sifting through the overwhelming sea of Internet resources and curating them into a chronological curriculum. Additionally, they’ve got their own resources, including lists of interview questions and networking how-to’s. These were immensely helpful. I also used the interview questions as a study guide, which paid off as several topics appeared in actual interviews. STAFF/MENTOR: Lots of support – you can schedule calls with a career coach, do mock interviews, and generally interact with other people in what could otherwise be an isolated journey of self-teaching. Incredibly professional and knowledgeable staff, very responsive customer support. I was also very happy with my mentor. The first one I was assigned to was a bit lackluster, but after having to postpone my start date, I ended up with another one. My weekly call with him helped me stay on track, and he was incredibly helpful and encouraging. This included post-bootcamp, when I sought his advice on choosing between jobs.CAPSTONE PROJECTS: Critical part of my resume, since I didn’t have industry experience or data sci projects where I used machine learning. Starting a project can be intimidating and unfamiliar, so the bootcamp provided me structure. Another Springboard staff member grades your project and provides feedback - I wish their comments/suggestions were more detailed though. COST: Steeper than I’d liked, but it paid off. I had the freedom to pursue this full-time, so I did the per-monthly plan hoping I’d complete it within 2-3 months. I ended up taking 4 months, but still avoided the heftier 6-month charge.JOB HUNT: Again, YMMV – like I suspect w/ many bootcamps out there. It’ll be up to you to do a lot of the networking. I reviewed my Springboard curriculum, plus lots of extra reading outside the curriculum (particularly practice tech &amp; behavioral questions). Also deployed one of my Springboard projects as a Flask web app. I went to events/Meetups, did informational phone calls w/ close and distant contacts, and applied to several jobs (requiring cover letters) each week. Overall: Good self-paced curriculum that covers the basics. Pricey, YMMV, but worth it for me ultimately. I found a job 2 months after completing the bootcamp, but a lot of the post-bootcamp work was on me to apply, network, etc. Happy with my mentor and interactions with staff.Read Less",springboard
"My experience with SpringBoard has been great since day one. Since the day I signed in I still feel like part of the Springboard family. Before I even got my certificate I was still able to land a better job just by saying that I am currently finishing... Read More a UX Course with Springboard on my resume. Springboard helped me land the job that I am currently in. Also, the mentors are great!Read Less",springboard
"To start, I had no experience in UX design. My background was video (production/editing) and graphic design. I wanted to expand my skillset but not break the bank on those other courses so I chose Springboard.Pros:- My mentor, Sarah, was amazing. Her... Read More background in UX was mind blowing and gave great inputs on my projects and great advice on everything. - The Capstone project was really cool to do, it pretty much built my portfolio and the mentor helps you along every step of the way.- The smaller assignments were great tools to learn about UX design and it really helps grasp some concepts.- You can work at your pace, finish quicker if you wanted, or finish at a later date than expected.Cons:- I don't think the course material is all that great. It's just articles and videos online curated by the staff and I honestly didn't feel I was ""learning"" much from them.- The course I took was online, so if you don't put in time and work, you won't get anywhere and waste $$.Overall:I think with the Springboard UX Design course, you get what you put in. If you are determined to build a great portfolio and get things done on your own, this will help you grasp the concepts and push something out so you can interview. If you need someone to babysit you and teach you things page by page, this is not for you. Don't take this course expecting them to set you up with a job or anything. Luckily for me, around the time I finished my project, I applied to a position that was looking for someone with my background + UX Design and they were impressed with my portfolio so I didn't need the job counseling that my mentor initially offered.Read Less",springboard
Great course. Highly recommend. It's fast paced and you're constantly learning throughout the 3-4 months you're in the program (for the Python Intermediate Data Science Course). The mentor is great for you to ask questions and is a different spin on the... Read More whole online learning that I've been through at leastRead Less,springboard
I took the UX design course with Springboard and had a great experience. The weekly mentor calls were extremely helpful to guide me through my capstone project. The capstone project is not a generic project so what you show on your profile is unique.... Read More They also allow you to pause the class if you need to take a break. I would take another course with Springboard.Read Less,springboard
"I took the UX Design coarse at Springboard. Loved it. The project work was amazing, but the best part was the mentor. LOVED him. Great Experience all the way around.",springboard
I just completed the Springboard UX design course and I have to say I really enjoyed it. The content is very relevant and hands on. My mentor was very knowledgeable and so positive! Any question I had he provided an answer. There’s a community also and... Read More you can get help and feedback. The student advisor Dave was also a great help to me. So much support is available and I really like everyone shares their work and you can get inspired. Really well thought out course. I have so much material and deliverables for my portfolio. I would highly recommend if you are seeking a course in UX design.Read Less,springboard
"I opted to go with Springboard because of the flexibility of the program. I also looked over the curriculum for Springboard v. other immersion programs and Springboard looked to be more extensive. I really enjoyed the process - you get exactly what you... Read More put into it. The mentor that I ended up finishing the project with eventually became more of a friend. They were able to walk me through their thought process of my projects and what others are looking for in real-life situations. My mentor provided great feedback, and not just during our weekly meetings. She would give me feedback throughout the week for me to think about. I would definitely recommend this program to a friend that's looking for a career change or furthering education.Read Less",springboard
"The perfect course on User Experience. Springboard is the perfect balance of introduction to UX and enhanced experience for intermediate learners. As a professional who has worked in the field for about three years, Springboard provided me the skills... Read More and experience I wanted to enhance our UX at my workplace. The course is centered on a capstone project with a series of lessons centered on adding to and enhancing a presentable portfolio. Springboard matches students with some of the top tier professionals in the industry to coach and provide feedback on the project. My mentor not only provided in-depth feedback, but treated me from the beginning as a professional in a real world setting. I was treated as a UX consultant and professional, as if I were designing for a real client and project manager. Springboard provided the most detailed and immersive UX course I've found and experienced, and I recommend it to people of all levels, from beginner entry level to experienced professional.Read Less",springboard
"I can only say great things about Springboard and the UX Program. I learned so much. Having a mentor guiding me, providing feedback and encouraging me was my favorite part. Also, the program is organized and made a lot of sense. It is also nice to finish... Read More with a portfolio piece.Read Less",springboard
"I can only say great things about Springboard and the UX program. I learned so much! It is well organized, easy to understand website and at the end provided me with a nice portfolio piece. I also enjoyed having a mentor and learning so much from him.... Read MoreRead Less",springboard
"My time as a student at Springboard has been nothing but AMAZING. I was paired with an awesome mentor that really pushed me to excel in my studies and building my portfolio. Without my mentor, I wouldn't be in the position I am today, ready with confidence... Read More in tackling my UX job interviews with confidence. I now have an awesome portfolio in which he let me know the rights and wrongs in building one. For what I got out of Springboard, it is definitely worth every penny compared to other UX bootcamps. I would highly recommend Springboard for the price and opportunities you get out of the curriculum.Read Less",springboard
Data science is vast and I was confused where to start. Spring board has the answer to all of it. its a fantastic place to learn Data Science,springboard
"I only have good things to say about the online UX Design class offered by Springboard. I just completed the course. I am a Product Manager and was looking for a class to really give me an in-depth look at what UX was. I got that and more. A very well... Read More organized class, great materials to read and watch (videos). You choose a website or smartphone app to design, and they step you through the project as you progress in the units of the course. Best thing of all - an assigned, experienced mentor with whom you interact with once a week via a video chat. Priceless advice and guidance from somebody who is in the business. Phenomenal!Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's UX course really held a ton of value for me. I started the course working towards a promotion to UX Designer at my company. I'd been doing the work, but was just missing the foundations. This course was exactly what I needed. I learned everything... Read More I needed to know to build a solid foundation to help me continue to learn and ask the right questions. My one on one mentor was the best mentor I've ever had! It is truly worth it if you are newish to the field and need a solid base to pair with your experience.Read Less",springboard
"I honestly can't speak highly enough about Springboard. I feel like I received an amazing value for the cost of the course. The course is self-paced, and you can complete it as quickly or as slowly as you like. I finished the course in about 2 months,... Read More which I've heard is pretty quickly — I had just graduated from college when I started the course though and was only working part time. I imagine someone with less time on their hands might take between 4 and 6 months. You're also paired with a mentor, whom you meet with once a week for 30 minutes to discuss any projects you've turned in and any questions you have about the curriculum. These sessions are hands down the best part about the course; anyone can just find a variety of content about UX online and teach themself how to design, but the mentor helps validate a lot of that learning and encourages you as you go. The content of the course is an amalgamation of various sources online about UX design, from Lynda courses to Skillshare to articles on Medium and other sites. The quality of the materials tends to be great, though there are a few pieces that I skipped over. You only need to complete 60% of the course and all 13 projects in order to receive your certificate, so if you already feel well versed in an area then you can cut straight to the area's project and move on. I'm excited for more of Springboard's in-person events, too! As of this review, they have hosted one conference/meet-up at their headquarters in San Francisco earlier in September, and meeting with other students, staff, an faculty really cemented for me that I chose the right course. I'm excited to see if there will be more of these events, and potentially in various areas of the country.Read Less",springboard
I completed Springboard's UX Design Course this past week after working on it for the last several months. It was worth every penny! You receive one-on-one mentorship with an actual UX designer and build your first portfolio project by working your way... Read More through the course. It was a great experience and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning more about the field!Read Less,springboard
"I have to say, even being an online course I didn't felt alone or lost. I knew my mentor was available through email, my student advisor was also available and there is a student community publishing their works, doubts and giving feedback to each others.... Read More My mentor is a great profissional in UX field and having time to talk with him was priceless!I completed my course in 2 months (that is the minimum), the pace was fast! They also organised a summit recently were I got to know most of the people that are the team of Springboard and some of my ""colleagues"" aswell. I was positively impressed!Read Less",springboard
"I took Springboard's UX Design course. I have to say that the weekly 1 on 1 mentoring calls is what made Springboard better than any other course out there. Not only you get an accountability partner, which is really critical to complete a course (Most... Read More MOOCs students failed to finish a course), but you'll also be getting industry professional insights. I was paired up with a mentor that works in a top Silicon Valley company. I can't be happier to learn from her experience and industry knowledge every single week. Thanks Springboard for the top-notch online education!Read Less",springboard
I completed Springboard's UX Design Course this past May. This course opened my eyes to the user experience field. Students receive one-on-one mentorship with an actual UX designer. Each course project is used to develop a final portfolio project which... Read More includes creating a website portfolio. This course was worth every penny. :)Read Less,springboard
"Springboard's Data Science Career Track was great! I would highly recommend. I received a lot of support from my mentor, advisor and career services, and I felt like they ALL cared and really wanted me to succeed. I had a fulltime job, was volunteering... Read More on a Data Analysis project and have two kids, so I was busy. Springboard understood and worked with me to make sure I was still able to finish and feel good about my work. I appreciated the skype calls with my mentor and career services, and the community board helped a lot as well. I thought it was a great program!Read Less",springboard
"I completed the Springboard Digital Marketing for Professionals course over the summer. I appreciated the self-paced, web-based coursework that was available when I had time to tackle it. I was impressed with the content that was curated and made available... Read More to me as a student. It was clear that the curriculum was created by experts who want to educate others to be successful.My two favorite features of the course were the mentor and the capstone project. Each student is paired with a mentor who provides useful, candid feedback through weekly calls. The calls and time with the mentor are worth their weight in gold! The capstone project allowed me to assemble all that I had learned and have a final product that I could show to a future client or employer. All around a great investment and fantastic customer service experience. The only drawback was that there were a few technical difficulties - but that is really to be expected in many online programs, especially one that is relatively new. I appreciated that the staff was so responsive to any issues I brought to their attention.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard was a great experience. Though the concepts and assignments were definitely hard and required heavy investment on time especially as I worked full time, the support was definitely there to help me through, especially from my mentor, Alex.... Read More I gained a lot of knowledge through his real life experience and through the support of my career advisor, Allison, I was able to get a job by the end of the program as a data scientist and I am grateful for all the support. Definitely worth investing and going through the bootcamp.Read Less",springboard
"I was already a seasoned digital marketing professional but I wanted to upskill in areas that I didn't feel I had as much experience or foundation in. The curriculum is structured in a very neat and organized way whereby you build upon your skills and... Read More knowledge in each chapter. You work on real projects (and spend actual dollars) culminating into your final Capstone Project. You gain exposure to all areas within the digital marketing spectrum. As a student, you get weekly one-on-one mentoring with an industry expert. The student advisors and community managers were amazing, responding quickly to any questions I had. At the end of the program, you have a portfolio of projects that you could include on your resume or LinkedIn profile. I highly recommend this course for anyone new to digital marketing or looking to broaden your skill set.Read Less",springboard
This course really built my confidence in preparing me for a Data Science career through extensive Python training and working through multiple projects. I felt like the program extensively approached the fundamentals while providing support and resources... Read More to engage with both the material and employment process. I felt like they truly cared about my development. My only hope for the program was that there would be more practice using Spark and SQL seeing as those are becoming absolute fundamentals in the job market.Read Less,springboard
"My experience with the intro to data science course was great and it is a good decision for anyone looking to get a (great) basic understanding of data science or if you are interested in taking the data science career track. If you work at a company... Read More that is going to hire data scientists or if you need to be able to work with and understand data scientists, the intro class is for you. It gets into the weeds of data science just enough to not scare you away but enough to give you the ability to understand what data scientists do.If you want to pursue data science as a career, the intro class gives you a basic understanding of R and R studio and gets into the meat of data science enough to help you decide on if data science is the career for you. You also can apply the first 2 months of the course tuition to the data science career track if you decide to pursue further education.You also have a mentor you can email and talk with via skype once a week. This is an invaluable service and really allows springboard to stand apart from the other schools.I highly recommend the data science into class at Springboard.Anthony StachowitzRead Less",springboard
Great coursework for new learners. Good support from student advisors throughout the course. 1:1 mentor from data science Industry is a plus. Overall great start to a new career track who wants to become a Data Scientist. Worth for the money spent. Thanks... Read More to the team Springboard.Read Less,springboard
"I have been wanting to break into the UX Design career path, and the course with Springboard is exactly what I was looking for! I was able to work at my own pace, with curriculum that was very clear and abundant. My mentor was happy to answer any of my... Read More questions, and provided me with feedback on all of my work, as well as making it a point to provide me with plenty of examples before beginning each unit. I also liked having access to the community board of fellow classmates, who were willing to review you work and provided a great resource when it came to user interview &amp; testing. This course is very much ""You get what you put in."" If you take the time to go through all of the units and produce high quality work, you will have some great items to add to your portfolio at the end. Springboard did an excellent job keeping me on track and motivated to complete the course in my desired time-frame.I'd highly recommend Springboard to anyone who wants to gain high-quality knowledge in an enjoyable way and in a short period of time.Read Less",springboard
"Coming from a graphic design background, I was looking for a course that would allow me to expand my skill set. Springboard’s UX design course was exactly what I was looking for. The course materials were really well structured and easy to follow. I could... Read More study at my own pace while fitting the course in with my other responsibilities. It was great to have an assigned mentor. Having weekly mentor calls meant that I could easily track my study goals, ask any questions and have the reassurance that I was making a steady progress. Would highly recommend.Read Less",springboard
"UX design course with springboard was amazing, I especially liked the weekly check-ins with a mentor to stay motivated and accountable for my work. Definitely recommend it!",springboard
"The course is a best option for understanding the basics and application of data science in your field of work. I wanted to learn R and the curriculum helped to learn the nuances of R by using various packages. It gave good information on data wrangling... Read More and gain insights using exploratory data analysis. For any aspiring data scientist , it is important to understand about probability and statistics and the springboard curriculum provides an opportunity for that. The curriculum enables the students to provide insights about the data visually and understand basics of machine learning algorithms and their usages. The most important part is all the topics had their own project submissions which enabled you to understand the topic and complete the project based on your learning. Weekly call with the mentors enabled me to have broader vison about data science concepts and the mentor was very friendly and guided me during each phase of the capstone project. The capstone project helped me apply the learning from the curriculum on my field of work. I hope to use the knowledge gained from this course in my organization and continue my learning in the field the of data science. Springboard team is the most friendly and comfortable to work with and typically respond to your queries within a day. They are flexible in the scheduling as I had to take a vacation break and they understood the situation and paused the curriculum accordingly. Introduction to Data Science by Springboard is the course to enroll for any aspiring data scientistRead Less",springboard
"I'm working towards becoming a Data Scientist (in addition to my current Marketing career) in the near future. Springboard's Business Analytics course was a must to start building my data science skillsets. My mentor Felipe was very supportive and patient... Read More providing me with guidance, tips, and walking me through difficult parts of the case studies.  My Springboard counselor, Catherina has been very helpful and responsive to my questions as well.   I will be taking the next two data science courses at Springboard to start my new career! Read Less",springboard
"This course definitely prepared me for a UX job. While there is still a ton I need to learn, I feel like I can talk comfortably about the industry and projects. Thanks Springboard",springboard
The business analytics course is a great way to immerse yourself in business problem-solving with practical guidance from highly-skilled mentors.The skills gained can allow you to pivot into new business-related roles or help strengthen your analytical... Read More skills within an existing role.Read Less,springboard
"As I was thinking about making a career change to tech, there were so many different paths and fields to take. Springboard was a fantastic help because they have some good, free resources on their site that detailed what these different paths and fields... Read More really do! After some more research, I decided to enroll in their UX Design course. Every single bit of it was project based, hands-on experience. They also paired me with an amazing mentor who is a professional in UX Design. We would have weekly Skype meetings and she would give me tons of feedback and advice! I definitely recommend Springboard if you are serious about learning and motivated to gain experience for the career you want!Read Less",springboard
"Before Springboard, all my knowledge about UX was scattered around and I had no system in my head. Springboard helped me refine my UX process and become a professional. After Springboard I finally knew what I was talking about :) It's a good course being... Read More online, safe-paced and reasonably priced. Each student gets a weekly call with a mentor. There is a forum where I met nice people. In the end, I had my first full project in my portfolio. To make the best out of it, make sure to use the mentor and forum daily and get interview skills honed and work on that portfolio. There are lots of material so get ready to do lots of studying.Read Less",springboard
"I was looking for an online course that......would teach me all the main steps to consider when doing proper UX...would offer professional help and guidance...would focus on a capstone project where I could directly apply my gained knowledge...wouldn't... Read More take too long and could be combined with my jobAfter a long time of research, I came across Springboard and I can't be happier.The course structure is very clear and abundant, the staff is super friendly and always answered quickly to my questions and the fact of having a mentor is just great. Obviously you need to put in a lot of personal effort to get your tasks done, but Springboard does an excellent job to help you stay motivated!I'd recommend Springboard who wants to gain high-quality knowledge in an enjoyable way and in a short period of time.Read Less",springboard
"I wanted to switch my career in data science field. I have joined university and took data science courses. I feel the missing dot, to know the real workflow of using machine learning, stats on data. The course work of Springboard, with one-one mentor... Read More support helps you to accomplish this by doing assignments, capstone project. I would not hesitate to say, this program helped to launch in my most wanted data science job.Read Less",springboard
"Great experience. Loved the in-depth projects, lots of hands-on work, as opposed to many courses that are more video focused. I was able to fill in gaps in my knowledge. My mentor was very helpful, the one-on-one calls every week were quite valuable,... Read More and he was supportive and knowledgeable. Highly recommend.Read Less",springboard
Comprehensive curriculum and great support throughout. The resulting portfolio is a great starting point for a career in data science and the two capstone projects allow for some personalization. Best bang for your buck.,springboard
I wanted to change my career from DBA to Data Science and hence I enrolled in this bootcamp. I joined it because of it was cheap compared to other online bootcamps and the job guarantee associated with this course. The best part is you get all kind of... Read More support you need it. There are dedicated team of professionals who work towards achieving your goal.Read Less,springboard
Pro’s: Covers the entire data sciencs processCons: Takes a lot of time and probably best to do if you only have a parttime job to get the most out of it,springboard
"I've been working as a creative (visual) designer and director for the past 18 years, but wanted to learn more about the initial UX process (research, wireframes, prototypes, etc). Aside from being able to learn at your own pace, Springboard pairs you... Read More with an experienced mentor. My mentor was my absolute favorite part about this course. He was kind, patient and very knowledgeable about all aspects of user experience design. I have learned so much over the last couple of months, and have started incorporating my new knowledge in various projects already. Highly recommend!Read Less",springboard
"With the rapid change in technology, it can be hard to know what skills are needed in digital marketing. That's why I chose to join Springboard's Digital Marketing Course. I am pleased with my experience and the support I received from the Springboard... Read More team. I have taken online courses before but haven't had the best experience. Since I am a person that likes to apply what I am learning and get my hands dirty this course worked well for me. Most courses I have taken just give you information but don't really care if you do anything with it. With the lesson assignments and mentor to give feedback on my assignments it really helped me feel confident that I would be able to handle projects with a real company. In summary, if you are interested in the Digital Marketing industry and want to learn but don't have time or don't have the resources in your area this is a great online program that will get you up to speed and the time commitment also fits into your free time so you can learn and also take care of other daily responsibilities. Thanks again to the team at Springboard.Read Less",springboard
"What I like most about the program is that it has very systematic structure of every aspect of data science, excellent mentors (personally I've learnt a lot from my mentor and he encourages me to explore more outside the curriculum, which I did and I... Read More found really useful), very practical exercises for you to apply what you've learnt in theory, and very helpful and encouraging career mentors. IT WAS INTENSE, as a full-time 2nd-year Ph.D. student wanting to transitioning to this field, I've got lots of other school work to do, but luckily I have the flexibility to explore this course outside school, and I found it fascinating.I don't particularly like the course orders of some extra learning materials and career materials in the end, but then again, you always have the discretion to complete the course in the way you like :3 I really enjoy it.Read Less",springboard
"Because of my workload and travel schedule, I'm not able to commit to a full-time on-site Bootcamp style course. I needed something that offered a great curriculum and remote flexibility without feeling like a kite-in-the-wind. Springboard was able to... Read More offer that and provide real face-time access to experienced mentors.I was able to do my work at my own pace and obtain feedback from professionals all the while. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants the Bootcamp experience but may not have the time or bandwidth to commit to a conventional course.Read Less",springboard
"This course is a nice fit between 'learn on your own' and 'get a Masters' for people looking to work as data scientists. I tried learning Python on my own but it was only getting me so far, and I didn't want to do a full Masters because of time and money.... Read More This specific course gives an excellent Primer to all of the major data science subdomains. Python, Statistics, NLP, Classification, Time Series, Network Analysis, Spark, and more. Data Science is a Deep Field, this course gives you the skills needed to navigate that Random Forest, including a wise guide in the form of a mentor. The mentor to me was the most invaluable part of this, I could solve a problem in a 5min conversion what might have taken 3hours, if ever, by Googling. By the end, I was able to 'Read the Docs' and apply methods that were not even covered in the official curriculum (Survival Analysis, PyTorch, PyHive), something I was NOT able to do prior to this course. It is, as the name suggests, a springboard, which worked well in my case.Read Less",springboard
"Because, I was working full time that program lasted much longer than 3 months - However, I think that worked out for the best. I learned so much and I think its really important not to rush through this, the more time you take to learn and do research... Read More and learn more the more - I believe you will get out of it!! And you want to have that knowledge for interviews etc... I hade a mentor (the same one) from day one and that help as well - you weren't jumping from mentor to mentor and I was really able to pick his brain and get even more information - which would lead me to more research - which led me to more knowledge. And for that, I am very thankful!Read Less",springboard
I took the UX Design workshop to spaek a career change and I cannot recommend it more! The course content is really well structured and your mentor meetings help you stay focussed on your progress. It was also super easy to incorporate with working full-time!... Read More So if you have interest in the topic and want to learn more about UX do it!!! This course is on point in terms of value for money!Read Less,springboard
"While I do wish more job support was offered to students in the Intro to Data Science course, I am very happy with the course overall. I wanted to learn new skills to make myself more marketable in the current job market and found that my more traditional... Read More training in the old-school New York media world wasn't cutting it in my new home in Silicon Valley. Springboard taught me some much needed (and in demand) new skills that have given me a lot of confidence for my career prospects going forward. I would recommend Springboard over and over again to anyone who wants to make themselves more marketable (and plan to.)Read Less",springboard
"Everything can be learned from the internet, but personal mentors will always make a world of difference. As students, our ways of thinking and the miskakes we'll make will be unique, so personal guidance is not something I take for granted.Springboard... Read More allows you to learn from the best in the field, while still being flexible enough for you to keep up your other responsibilities.Read Less",springboard
"Everything can be learned from the internet, but personal teachers will always make a world of difference--especially since as students our ways of thinking and the mistakes we'll make will be unique.Springboard makes it possible for you to learn from... Read More the best, while still being flexible enough for you to carry on with your current responsibilities.Read Less",springboard
"I can't say enough good things about my experience in the Springboard Digital Marketing certificate program. After researching multiple programs, I decided to join Springboard for several reasons: 1. Because I couldn't find a single negative review about... Read More their programs (and I did search for them)2. Because of the mentorship part of the programThe material Springboard offers is superb and their team is incredible. Every single person I've interacted with from my student advisor to the community manager to my career coach and all the other students have been amazing. Everyone is incredibly friendly and helpful, the material is excellent and the course is very well structured. My favorite part has been the mentorship. Before I joined the program, I figured that the mentorship alone was worth the price of admission and I was soooo right. I actually think the mentorship is worth the price of admission several times over. My weekly calls with my mentor have been incredibly helpful. She really is an expert in her field and with her guidance through the program, I know I'm getting the most out of it. The real-life projects are incredibly helpful and really build confidence because when you move into the job market, you already have real-world experience under your belt and a portfolio to share with potential employers. I can't recommend this program enough. It's awesome!Read Less",springboard
"My overall experience with the DS career track was very positive and provided me with a very useful skillset. The curriculum is very good, though it would not hurt to include a bit more of tools such as TensorFlorw. By far the most useful portion to me... Read More was the support and insight provided by the mentor program. This is one of the main reasons I chose SB over others programs and I was not disappointed. The career coaching was also very helpful and consistent feedback was provided throughout the course. My only comment here would be for more help on the industry connections/ referrals front. However, this is only a minor critique and the continued job search support will likely help on this front.Read Less",springboard
The curriculum is designed in a way it’s easy for even the beginners to understand. My mentor is the best. He guides me in such a way it’s easy and also his follow email with more data related to that week course discussion is very helpful to complete... Read More the work fully with more deeper understanding.Read Less,springboard
My experience has been terrific. The mentoring piece sets the program apart. My mentor has been a great resource. Career resources have also been terrific.,springboard
"Sprinboard's DataScience Career Track is designed to propell you into the fray with the skills to stand out among other data science professionals and a portfolio to prove it. The extremely personalized yet professional and hands on course equipped me... Read More to be able to break into the data science industry not only becuase of the course but the paramount insights I was able to gain from my mentor. I'm way ahead of my peers in school. It's worth every penny. Would recommend it to anyone regardless of their background , education or current skills.Read Less",springboard
"I found the Data Science Career Track program very useful for anyone who decides to start a Data Science career regardless of the background. The amount of material necessary to master is quite large but everything in the topics offered is important.... Read More The structure of the program itself is well organized and allows to build up solid skills. I really liked interaction with my mentor who gave me a lot of useful advice that broadened my views on all aspects of Data Science. Communications with career coaches were extremely helpful and informative as well. To summarize, my experience with Springboard's Data Science Career Track was overwhelmingly positive.Read Less",springboard
"I've been in the career track program for around two months. I enjoy the curriculum a lot. It's very well structured. I can learn new skills and apply them to my capstone project immediately. I believe this is very important and helpful in boosting skills... Read More as well as producing a portfolio for a future job hunt. I have to say that mentorship plays an important role in keeping me on track and motivated. Though I am not in the process of job hunt yet but I had several calls with career coaches. My coach gave suggestions on how to network, how to prepare profile and resume. All the staff was very valuable to me. So I believe that I will finally land my dream job.Read Less",springboard
"I appreciated the curriculum because it pulls from many UX sources and compiles the best content to help get a good understanding of UX design. There are optional added readings and videos to go more in-depth on learning if you choose. Mentors are extremely... Read More helpful but because they're usually virtual meetings, organizing times can sometimes be difficult.Read Less",springboard
This is my second time taking an online certification and springboard was the best course. Complete curriculum with a mentor coaching you in a real work place examples gave me a complete learning and set my expectations in a real world.Highly recommend... Read More this certification!Read Less,springboard
"Overall, my experience with Springboard's User Experience design course was overwhelmingly positive. The content and mentor calls do a fantastic job of introducing and reinforcing concepts with hands-on project work that ultimately builds into a polished... Read More portfolio case study.ContentOne of the things I like most about Springboard is that the content is [mostly] non-proprietary. The course is essentially a curation of the internet's best free and paid resources on UX design, which makes the course very accessible and true to the lean UX concept. Why remake already great content? At some points the content does seem to be a bit overkill (I think there were ~6 different resources on building paper prototypes) but overall it was well-rounded and very helpful.MentorsIf I'm being honest, having a mentor is the biggest factor in me completing the course. Had it not been for my weekly meetings with Andre it would have been far more difficult to find the motivation to complete. Every week we had insightful discussions about my submissions, and more generally about the UX process.Main TakeawaysIf you're debating whether or not to take the course – do it. This course was by far the most economical option I came across with the level of content and engagement. Would highly recommend jumping in!Read Less",springboard
"I had a phenomenal experience with Springboard. As a remote learner, I was initially skeptical of the value an online course, but I am glad to be proven wrong.The structure of the course is very intentional to bring people up to speed quickly. The real... Read More value in the class is in the support team and mentors. Having the opportunity to have dedicated conversations with my mentor about data science concepts, my coursework, and some tangential learning set my experience apart from some of the other online courses I have taken. The effort of the support and career services staff were equally essential to help bring the course together. Having a dedicated professional sit and discuss job search strategies, review resumes, and conduct mock interviews provided additional confidence to communicate my data science knowledge and find that next role using my new skills.Read Less",springboard
"I was initially skeptical about all online courses/bootcamps, but after reading many positive reviews and experiences about Springboard, I decided to take the plunge and sign up! I'm still a quarter of the way through, but so far, I really like the experience.... Read More I'm a stay-at-home mom, it's very hard to find time to focus on myself, but the way Springboard outlines the coursework makes it very doable for my schedule. It's basically up to you in terms of how hard or how much time you want to spend in a particular area. Definitely, if you have the time, take advantage of all they have to offer, some things are optional, but definitely worth the time. The entire student community (online) is friendly and helpful, but you have to be willing to put yourself out there and not be shy to ask for help! Mentor calls have been smooth and very helpful in terms of keeping me on track, staying motivated, and for gaining supplemental information.Read Less",springboard
I’m a current student in Data Science Career Track Program. It’s been a month in this course and I’m fully satisfied with the course curriculum and support from the mentor and the student advisor.I have Master’s in Physics. And I am from Mathematics background.... Read More I do not have experience in programming or computer science. I just learnt Basic Python before joining the course. Now I am confident that I can definitely move forward in this field as I already know many tools and techniques to dive into the Data Science world. I will update here as soon as I finish the course and after landing into my dream job.Thanks for taking time to read my review. Good luck.Read Less,springboard
"Springboard has a practical, relevant, and project-based curriculum that I absolutely loved. I liked that the materials I learned were from industry experts, rather than purely theoretical. I also had excellent support from my mentor, Angelo, throughout... Read More the coursework and with my project. I am coming from a rather different industry, and he helped me learn a bunch of new tools that would be more relevant to UX.For an area of improvement, I'd like to see more of an outflow process for graduates when it comes to the job search. For example, if certain graduates/mentors live in a certain area, I'd like to find a way to connect with them through Springboard, so that I could pursue the possibility of following up in person.Other than that, I would highly recommend this program to any friends who are looking to get involved in UX, or to brush up on the fundamentals on their own time.Read Less",springboard
"I highly recommend Springboard’s UX Design Course. I began the course as a graphic designer knowing little about UX but curious to expand my skills and open up career options. The course was well laid-out and spent just enough time on each area to get... Read More a quick but substantial overview of each module. You can buy UX books or read about UX online, but the mentorship that comes along with Springboard’s program is invaluable. My mentor had many years of UX experience and was always thoughtful and prepared to give feedback on my projects—his support throughout the program made the course worth the money. I loved that the course also offered “office hours” each week that featured a different topic centered around User Experience design, such as “careers” or “freelance,” where you could ask questions with experienced professionals. The extra online resources, like Lynda and Skillshare made it easy to watch videos related to design that weren’t covered by the course. I would highly recommend this course to those interested in moving into UX design.Read Less",springboard
"This course has been an amazing experience for me. Most of the tutorial is from data camp, but there are other things such as exercises, mini-projects, and capstone projects to prepare you for the real world problems. The mentors add more value and provide... Read More some really good insights. Also, this course can be done at your own pace. I managed to complete it in two months by spending almost 8 hours a day.Read Less",springboard
"I had a great experience at Springboard. This school has more than teach me, it has introduced me to the world of data science. This because now I´ve learnt the tools, the skills, the language, where to go for help, where to go for network and whose steps... Read More to follow. This was achieved based on 3 pillars provided: excellent curated curriculum, close mentor support and great career advisement. I couldn't find a course in my country that could do so much in such short period of time and I´m happy with the transformation. Remember to make sure you have the discipline and hard work to engage in this journey.Read Less",springboard
"I enrolled in Springboard's Online Data Science Career Program in August 2017 and completed the course in March 2018. I started the course with no programming skills. While this was difficult for me at the start, I became comfortable with python in the... Read More first two months. My favorite part about Springboard is the connection with my mentor. My mentor helped me tremendously with my capstone projects and gave me great advice in the workplace. The one thing that I had hoped for from Springboard is referrals. It is very difficult to build connections in a short period of time and then ask for referrals when applying for jobs. Hearing back from companies after applying and reaching out via Linkedin has been a struggle for me. It would be nice to receive a little more help in the job search. I am still looking for a job. In the end, the skills that you learn are invaluable. I definitely recommend Springboard to someone who is looking to get into Data Science or just wants to learn a new skill.Read Less",springboard
Data Science Career Track is a good course to get Data Science knowledge. Especially for the students who want to transfer to this area. I worked with my Mentor and finished two capstone project during this course. I think this is the best and fastest... Read More way for me to become a data scientist.Read Less,springboard
"I just wrapped up this course and I would highly recommend. The go-at-your-own-pace structure was perfect for my already busy schedule. I was even able to pause my learning to focus on a job transition and pick it back up right where I left off several... Read More weeks later. There's so much out there to read on your own and teach yourself, but it doesn't compare to having a specifically curated curriculum from current, working, UX professionals. The information if as relevant and gives you an all encompassing foundation of all that is UX. Not to mention, getting paired up with one of the aforementioned UX pros as a personal mentor through the entirety of the course. Again, highly recommend, and I absolutely loved this course.Read Less",springboard
I thoroughly enjoyed the Springboard UX class! The curriculum and the mentors were fantastic. I am able to apply everything I learned to my current role.,springboard
"I really had a good experience with Springboard and I have learned so much and found the course one of the best technical courses I have attended. WhenAlthough, I have 10 years experience in advertising and marketing, I had no clue about the UX process... Read More and it was very easy for me to talk with my mentor, which made me more comfortable with asking for feedback.Read Less",springboard
"The curriculum for the UX Design course at Springboard is very well organized with lots of examples and it definitely makes the learning very easy and understandable.I feel very lucky to have had a very good mentor who explained everything, advised and... Read More supported me.Read Less",springboard
"I recently graduated from Springboard's Data Science Career Track program. I can confidently say that this program has built carefully designed to give a very comprehensive introduction to data science skills and techniques, as well as the professional... Read More skills needed for anyone thinking of transitioning into a new career. Using concepts learned throughout coursework coupled with great support from my mentors and counselors, I was able to learn about many aspects of data science -- from data acquisition all the way through deployment of a functioning web app for users to experience functionality drawn from the insights of my data science analysis.Overall, it was a deeply exciting and fulfilling experience throughout. Although I started out the course because of the job guarantee, I found by the end of the course that the job guarantee was actually not necessary at all. The skills and knowledge I've gained (both technical and professional) have become my own job guarantee that will aid me well beyond this course!Read Less",springboard
"I’ve worked in the design industry for 15 years but lacked formal training in User Experience. When searching for a new job, I found most employers were looking for an all-encompassing designer with UX experience, so I decided to try Springboard. This... Read More course was very easy to follow and you can go at your own pace. The curiculum builds you up to a Capstone project, which takes everything you’ve learned along the way into one inclusive project for your portfolio. You’re also paired up with a mentor for weekly check-ins and to discuss your projects along the way - I found this to be one of the most beneficial features of the course. Lastly, they also offer career assistance if you’re not currently working. I highly recommend Springboard for those also wanting to get formal UX training under their belt.Read Less",springboard
"Overall my experience with the UX Course and Springboard was amazing. I only had 3 months to finish the course on my end and it was hard to juggle work, life and the course but I enjoyed every minute of it. Lots of course material to go throught but all... Read More of it was valuable.The best aspect of this course I'd have to say is the mentor. Having someone to reach out to and to chat with about the course and the projects throughout the course was very helpful. Not to mention the experience they have and being able to pick their brain about how they deal with things day to day in the UX world.The course aside I'd like to also thank everyone from springboard. If I need an answer I got one and they were very quick to respond to any questions I had. Having that support made things very easy.My last note would be to anyone thinking of trying the course. Its a lot of work but a great experience for anyone trying to learn more about UX Design. I'd recommend it to anyone.Read Less",springboard
The UX Design course was a great experience. It really went into all aspects of UX and having a mentor to help you along the way was extremly valueable. This would be a great course for a refresher or to get started in the UX field.,springboard
"Very good curriculum. Healthy amounts of machine learning and statistical inference. Statistical inference is very important for data science. It was not a part of the Foundations of Data Science from Springboard course. So, I am happy it was included... Read More here. Lots of material is from datacamp. Finishing many datacamp certificates will help you with this course. Good experience with the mentor. As always, comprehensive capstone project helps you utilize everything you learnt in a real world setting. Mentor gave many important inputs for finishing capstone. I definitely recommend this course for anyone trying to become a data scientist.PS: I did the course fulltime so was able to get into the material in-depth. It maybe a bit challenging to do it part-time. So, if you do part-time and skip some material, make sure to go back to the curriculum and complete it when you have time.Read Less",springboard
"I took Data Science Career Track course after I did many mini-courses and read many books. The main issue with data science is that there is no clear start and end points. After a while of taking diffirent courses, you feel that you do not know what is... Read More data science career. In Spring board, besides learning more, I also could connect the dots and the field became clear to me.After finishing Career Track Data Science course, you can continue your journey by yourself.Thank youOmarRead Less",springboard
"I took Springboard's Career Track Data Science course, which was exactly what I needed to transition my career. I'm pretty self-motivated, which you'll need as the course is self-paced (you can also choose to pay per month which is an extra motivation... Read More to complete the course as fast as you can!), but wanted some sort of defined path to teach myself data science. There are a ton of online resources for free but it's pretty much impossible to know where to start without guidance.The course does a great job of starting you from basics but they move you on pretty quick from there in case you already have a foundation in CS or statistics. They match you with a mentor who can give feedback on your projects or answer any questions you might have about the material or the industry. The job guarantee is a big reason why I chose this course. It was pretty much a win-win. I started looking for a job about a month from finishing the course and got a job offer in about two months. I absolutely LOVE my new job and what I'm doing now.Read Less",springboard
"I was a student of Springboard's Data Science Career Track between July and November 2017. Completing the track has been one of the most fulfilling experiences of my life. The track was extremely streamlined and sufficiently challenging to keep you involved... Read More for the entire duration.The biggest take away of the program was the mentorship. My mentor, Baran, taught me skills that you will never find in a book or a publicly offered MOOC. He also gave me invaluable glimpses into the world of professional data science. With his constant guidance, I was able to participate in Data Science Hackathons, publish and gather traction for my kernels on Kaggle and develop a proposal for a talk on Inferential Statistics which was accepted in SciPy India 2017.Another huge benefit of the program is the network you get to build. Springboard mentors and alumni work at amazing places. I connected and interacted with more than a dozen people doing inspiring work. My mentor personally introduced me to Data Scientists at Airbnb (my first capstone project was on Airbnb User Bookings) and Amazon. They, in turn, gave me a sneak peak of their work at their respective companies.As part of DSC, I completed over 15 technical projects and 2 major Capstone Projects. With the help of my mentor, I was able to channel my work in the right places. My analysis on TED Talks caught the eye of the Kaggle CEO who then submitted my notebook to the official TED Team. My second capstone project on Movie Recommender Systems had me publishing a dataset that was trending at the top for 3 straight days. The material I learnt from Springboard also helped me in performing reasonably well in Data Science Competitions. My bachelors' thesis project on Fake News Detection is also based on the knowledge I acquired from the program. Finally, DSC prepares you for the non technical aspects of getting a job. There are intensive, personal evaluations of your LinkedIn Profile, your resume and mock interviews. These exercises prepare you well for evaluating, applying and eventually interviewing for various data science jobs.All in all, DSC is a great investment if you want to switch careers or get started with the field of Data Science. It prepares you for entry level Data Science jobs and equips you with enough expertise to jump into more advanced material after the program. Highly recommended!Read Less",springboard
"Even though I read a lot about UX design through websites it was difficult to understand how to deal with a full project and that why I subscribed into Springboard.I highly recommend Springboard to anyone who looking for great UX Design course, the curriculum... Read More is comprehensive and you'll have a friendly experienced mentor who will encourage you throughout the course.Read Less",springboard
"If you've been interested in figuring out the best way to learn about UX design, Springboard is seriously one of the best options I've found for cost and availability with a bust schedule. They have an amazing online community that you have 24/7 access... Read More to (even after you complete the course!!) and assign you a mentor that video chats with you.The team that runs Springboard is very attentive and quick to help. For being an online community, they truly make it an inclusive experience. Springboard is a program designed for self-starters and self-paced. You pay month to month, and if you work full time, like I was you can expect this to take 3-5 months time frame, which I think is a perfect time frame to really get the most out of the course and also time with your mentor. Sandy (my mentor) was an amazing asset!! She works full time as a UX designer and had a graphic design background. I appreciated her feedback and direction throughout the entire course. Finishing the course - it takes just as much determination to continue with learning and finding projects, but Springboard gives an amazing base and strong portfolio piece to showcase! I would recommend this course to anyone who wants a strong foundation of UX!Read Less",springboard
"I just completed the UX Design course. I chose Springboard after quite a bit of research into other online certificate programs because you can work at your own pace, which is a big plus for me, and this makes it more affordable if you finish sooner.... Read More The mentors were good and the curriculum gives you a good foundation in UX. Also, they contribute quality material to the community at large via things like their ""office hours"" videos which are free on YouTube.After completing the course, I have a solid portfolio piece, and enough knowledge to set out on my own looking for jobs and projects. My mentor, Emily Holmes, was great.Overall quite satisfied.Read Less",springboard
"The course is well-worth the investment. You can develop a solid foundation in UX design concepts and get constant feedback from your designated mentor. It has been such an eye-opening experience. The best way to learn about the job you want is to talk... Read More to and learn from the people who hold those positions. This is what Springboard strives to do. It is geared towards opening up pathways for people who are new to a field by connecting them with excellent mentors who go above and beyond what is asked of them. 10/10, would recommend!Read Less",springboard
"I am in Graphic Design industry for more than 8 years and I was happy to explore UX Design course here on Springboard. The curriculum is very well designed and covers all aspects of UX design. This course is ideal for busy people, who cannot attend scheduled... Read More classes on site. The price is affordable and the knowledge you get instead is priceless. Mentors are all professionals from the UX field, and student's advisors are always right away ready to assist with any question. I could finish the 12 weeks UX Design course in 8 weeks, but won't be happen without great support from my mentor Catherine and student advisor Hallie, also the community is very responsive, where students can get valuable feedback not only from other students, but from professional mentors. I would recommend this course to any self-motivated person for sure!Read Less",springboard
I recently completed (June 2017) the Springboard UX Design course. It was a great intro to all aspects of UX for someone who has no idea what UX is.The projects were fun and the weekly mentor call was super helpful for feedback and reassurance. I've tried... Read More other online UX courses and this is by far the best!Read Less,springboard
"My experience with springboard was only positive and from my first day I signed up, I had a very enjoyable course with springboard. The course structure is great and covers all aspects to become a Business Analyst. I am one week away from completing the... Read More course and I am excited to what is ahead of me. I am confident in handling data and work with large data sets. Special thanks to Catherina from student support for all her help at the beginning. I was a bit hesitant how it will work out for me, studying online from Australia and have a weekly mentor call etc., but Catherina did it all and she found a suitable mentor in no time. Any problems are resolved easily and even outside office hours. Chinmay, my mentor, was great and good to work with. His support and guidance made the course very pleasant and the weekly call was great. I highly recommend springboard. Thank you everyone,Read Less",springboard
"I took the Foundations in Data Science course from Springboard. I have had some introduction to statistics and programming (quite a bit of stats in my MBA program and took many datacamp certificates for R and Python programming).Really enjoyed the foundations... Read More course from Springboard. Have tried using many MOOC`s (massive online open courseware) to learn data science but to no use. Springboard`s mentor driven and community driven coursework is a lot better. Setting up the R Studio environment, Github, writing code on R, R markdown etc, all take quite some effort, if you are from a non computer science background (I am not a CS major but had some coding in high school and undergrad). This is where the mentor and community are most useful. The $ 500 per month fee is very reasonable for the community, mentor interactions and curriculum that you get in the course. My advice to prospective students who have no background in statistics and programming is as follows:1) First learn statistics from online resources like Khan Academy, Saylor.org etc. Topics may include descriptive statistics (mean, median, mode, variance, standard deviation, types of distributions, probability), inferential statistics (p-value, Z-scores, hypothesis test, t-test) and machine learning (linear regression, logistic regression, some simple classification algorithms etc). Even datacamp.com has many good coding courses built around statistics. 2) Learn some R, Python and SQL from datacamp.com. Take a total of 10 certificate courses from datacamp in these 3 programming languages. This will really help develop your coding skills. In R, take introduction to R, intermediate R, dplyr, ggplot, statistics with R etc. In Python, learn numpy, pandas, seaborn etc. 3) After you have finished above 2 points, you can move to Springboard. You may think that Springboard is also about the first 2 points. Yes, it is. But the most important part of Springboard is the capstone project. Once you have completed point 1 and 2, you can enter the Springboard foundations course confidently and spend most of your time thinking and working on your capstone project. Remember that nothing matches the skills you develop while completing an end to end capstone project. This is only possible on Springboard at a very reasonable price.Lots of effort and motivation + Springboard + Datacamp is the best formula for becoming a quantitative analyst/junior data scientist, if you do not already have a background in statistics and computer science.Read Less",springboard
"I only have positive things to say about the data science intensive curriculum, my mentor and everyone at Springboard. I have had the best experience and I would do it all again in the future if I had the chance to do something that would boost my skill... Read More set. For anyone considering Springboard, the Data Science Intensive curriculum is the best course out there in the field of Data Science and prepares you completely for the industry. No other courses can compare to the quality of this course and the learning it offers. Mentor-led style of learning works best for someone who wants to enter this field and is by far he best way to learn everything about this dynamic field. The support-structure provided my Springboard, right from the student advisor to your mentor, is amazing and Springboard gives it's all for you to go out there and be successful. The perks of the slack community, career resources, office hours, capstone presentation as well as the electives offered in the curriculum make this certification totally worth it and makes it stand out from the rest. Finally, the mentors are some of the most passionate and the most knowledgeable people in the field of Data Science working for the biggest companies in the world, which provides you with an unique opportunity to network and learn from the best.Read Less",springboard
Springboard was a fantastic course with a multitude of resources and also a step-by-step structure which truly helped you understand the UX process. But where Springboard really shines is the mentorship you receive from your 1-on-1 calls. I would highly... Read More recommend this course to anyone as you will take away from it solid skills and a mentor for life!Read Less,springboard
"I decided to transition into a career in Data Science and began with the Foundations of Data Science course from Springboard. I learned a lot, and the weekly mentor calls were very helpful. I definitely recommend the course.",springboard
I've been a visual designer (mostly web) for about 10 years. I've done aspects of UX in many of my jobs/projects. But there were a lot of best practices in research and prep that I'd never properly learned to be an official UX designer. I learned and... Read More practiced all these textbook need-to-knows and quickly got my portfolio updated to prove it through this course in a matter of a few months. I saved $1000's from avoiding full-time courses that I didn't need since I had quite a lot of on the job training already. Since completing the course I've gotten messages weekly to daily from recruiters on LinkedIn looking to place me in new exciting roles at big and small companies. TOTALLY WORTH IT.My UX project from the curriculum: https://www.jennlindeman.com/ux-projectRead Less,springboard
"I took the Springboard UX course early in 2017 when I had gotten laid off unexpectedly. I had planned to take it, but it just gave me a bit more time to focus on the course and since it was a pay by the month situation, I figured it was a really good... Read More time to dive in. The course itself is quite thorough in a lot of ways. I have a graphic design background, but you really don't need any background to go through it. Since I had read some books, did some reading online and took a few high-level UX courses, it was a bit easier at the start for me than maybe it would be for others. I enjoyed the set your own pace aspect and devoted 4-5 hours a day toward it, but it could easily be worked on part-time and be effective. I do think that the more immersed in the hands-on work you get, the better understanding you'll have. I found the projects and the mentor sessions to be arguably more valuable than some of the articles and videos you watch, but it's partially because I learn better by doing than observing. Overall, I really enjoyed the learning and came out of the course with a good portfolio piece as well as a solid understanding of how to do UX generally. I didn't utilize the job search assistance because I was able to get another graphic design job before I finished the course. I think if you go through the course you might be able to get an entry-level UX job if you did a solid job of thinking about your portfolio as you went through the course, otherwise, expect some work at the end to make your work presentable to prospective employers. I suggest Springboard for anyone who likes to get through a bootcamp fairly quickly and in the comfort of your own home.Read Less",springboard
The curriculum was comprehensive and having a mentor was extremely beneficial.,springboard
"For me it was either springboard or GA. I chose Springboard because I was able to get it done for more than 10,000 cheeper. I feel the quality was just as good and it suited my learning style and especially pace cause I'm working another job. I live in... Read More a major metropolitan city so I can make all the connections I need by going to tech meetups and through friends so GA really didn't really sell me on the connection element.And again, I don't feel that I had any less quality of an education and my mentor Fabio Muniz (whom I strongly recommend) was very insightful and just as good or probably better than anyone I could have worked with at GA or elsewhere. And with Springboard during your mentor calls you will have their full attention whereas in a class if there's something really specific you need to get after you can get the full undivided attention without worrying about slowing a class or other students down.In this case I'm giving the job support a 5 star as it may be not the same as some of the others it's 5 stars for the value. And your mentor will be able to tell you everything you need to know about finding your first career in UX.Good Luck! And if you have any questions about the program feel free to email me @ whereisjeffrey@gmailRead Less",springboard
Fun course I really learned a lot and enjoyed it. You'll learn everything the pros know in this course. Enjoy.,springboard
"I wanted to start working with UX Design, and Springboard really helped me to know more about the subject, I totally recommend for those who don't know how to start. At the end of the course, I had a big project to use on my portfolio. The price is very... Read More good, and even after I finished my course, I still have access to the curriculum.Read Less",springboard
"I took Springboard's UX Design course, and really enjoyed my experience. The curriculum was engaging, varied enough to accommodate many different learning styles, and was dynamic - Springboard updates their curriculum all the time, so nothing feels out... Read More of date. The emphasis on working with other students through the online community made it easy to gather ongoing feedback about your process, and simulated a bit of what it's like to work on a UX team - you never work in a bubble ;) The self-paced nature of the class is a bit of a double-edged sword, because you can finish the course while working a full time job, but it does mean you need to be really self-motivated - I work full time, and finished the course in 3 months. Both your mentor and Springboard advisors are extremely helpful and supportive, and can even provide suggested timelines for what to work on each week in order to finish the course in the time that meets your needs.As I mentioned earlier, each student is assigned a mentor, with whom you work closely, meeting each week to discuss progress, goals, and other, non-course-related aspects of UX design work. This mentor/student relationship was invaluable to my success. My mentor is extremely talented and charismatic and working with her helped keep me on track.  I highly recommend Springboard to anyone looking for a dive into UX Design.Read Less",springboard
"I would definitely recommend the Springboard UX Design course to anyone that is looking to learn UX Design or would like to get a jump start on putting some UX examples on their portfolio. I had worked in UX for about a year but didn't have any personal... Read More examples that I could show for on my public portfolio. My Springboard (Sara) was extremely helpful in providing me with feedback and recommending resources that were outside of what the course had listed. This course was great because as a freelance web designer, my schedule isn't consistent week to week. Since the course is flexible, you are able to do as much or as little of the work each week to make it work for you. I was left with an amazing portfolio piece on the entire process of UX Design and have been offered multiple positions since completing the course. I also felt extremely comfortable in the interviews as I was confidently able to walk through the ENTIRE UX Design process since I had gone through every piece. Would highly recommend this to anyone interested in UX!Read Less",springboard
"Decided to learn about UX design in an attempt to change the course of my career and I'm extremely happy I did it with Springboard! Though I'm now working more towards UI design, the course gave me a good foundation on UX, design thinking when solving... Read More problems and a user centric mentality. I felt very catered to with a flexible schedule, practical projects, and a thorough curriculum it was extremely fun to learn. The best part of the course is the one-on-one time with industry experts / mentors (shout out to Andre Martins!). It was not only insightful to attain advice directly from these mentors but inspiring to meet and learn from them!Read Less",springboard
"My experience with Springboard's Data Analytics course was very valuable as it provided a clear and logical framework that has helped me think of data analysis and insights more holistically than I was doing earlier. Also, I have been able to apply some... Read More of the tools and techniques I learned to my job. Though I joined thr workshop with the intent to understand and apply data analytics techniques to my current job, going thru this workshop also helped me think how I can use my passion for data to make a career switch.Two aspects of the workshop I liked best:1. The course content focused on real-life examples, skills, and practices supported by excellent feedback from my mentor.2. My mentor was very knowledgeable and was able to give me not only feedback on my assignments but also pointers to additional information and reading materials that he knew would be applicable to my job.Read Less",springboard
"I signed up for the course for a career change; starting in marketing and then software consulting. The user experience was extremely interesting to me and it's one of the fastest growing career paths, still being defined. This course was comprehensive,... Read More I had an industry expert as my mentor at every step of the way and in the end had built a full portfolio to show potential employers. The UX field has many different specified roles or can be for the generalists, no matter your interest or level of knowledge, this course touches all of them. Highly recommend this course for those wanting to break into the industry or want a refresher on the principles of UX.Read Less",springboard
"I'm very happy with the Springboard course I recently concluded (data analytics for business).It's a 12-week program but it went by in a flash!A very big shout out to my mentor (Paras Doshi) who was extremely patient and kind and extremely knowledgeable... Read More on what he talked about. He was always all about my interest, which was to learn as much as was possible.Thank you, springboard!Read Less",springboard
"I recently completed the Foundations of Data Science course. It took me a little less than 3 months to complete the curriculum and capstone project. The best part about Springboard is the mentoring. I loved my mentor--she was extremely generous with her... Read More time and knowledge and her interests and mine aligned very well. She was always quick to respond and really encouraged me to push forward with coding and analytics that I felt usure about. I really miss my mentor!I came to Springboard with no coding background , but with a graduate degree and some knowledge of statistics. Springboard does not make ANY of their own curriculum and they don't craft any tie-ins or connections between the different lessons. A large part of the curriculum is based off of Data Camp to learn R. Learning through Data Camp has it's own set of challenges and none of these are addressed by Springboard. Other components of the course include the EdX Analytics series and dplyr videos through Data School. Many of these resources are good on their own, but none is complete enough to give the student (or at least one w/o a coding background) sufficient foundation to tackle the assignments. Often the assignments are so disconnected from the curriculum, that they are difficult to complete w/o help for your mentor--which is OK to a degree, but given that each mentor session is 30 minutes--often time runs out before addressing the capstone and other project concerns. I really feel that more attention should be paid to the curriculum---it is certainly OK to use resources from other sites, but there should be reinforcement of key concepts like..writing functions...through either supplemental videos created by Springboard, or focus lessons during the office hours.With regard to job assistance--there is none and the career materials provided, again are brief You Tube video clips or books that are not presented in any kind of way to give the student a view of the field, options for careers or even guidance in terms of moving forward with skills, once one completes the course. In fact, after completing the course, there is zero follow up or transition. I never received any certificate or any kind of ""next steps if you want to keep learning"" email. Once I finished and got my rubric from my mentor (and stopped paying the monthly fee), Springboard went off the radar.Read Less",springboard
"I researched a lot about the skills needed, the kind of practice required and the importance of a mentor when trying to dive deep into the field of Data Science. I spoke to people who were data scientists and they stressed about the positive effect a... Read More constant mentor can have in such a phase. Springboard understands this very well and tackles it in the best possible way by roping in industry experts who become your extremely helpful mentors (who else could teach you better?!). An extremely flexible schedule, a thorough curriculum which makes on understand every concept from the ground up, super fun mentors and a great community - everything that one needs to begin a career in Data Science is right there. Highly recommend taking the course.Read Less",springboard
"Compared to other online data science training programs, the best part of the SpringBoard is the mentor system in which they assigned a prominent Data Scientist working in the industry as your mentor. Using google search, everyone can easily find thousands... Read More of websites for the data science courses. However, for the people without data science background, like me, it is very hard to know what kind of knowledge and skills for the data science in the real world. This training equipped with both theoretical and practical skills to solve industry problems. With the mentor system, I was assigned a mentor to learn first hand how to think like and solve problems like a data scientist. At the end of the training, I finished a project to solve a data science issue in the real world. The feedback from the expert is extremely important for those people want to find a data science job but have no experience on that. The only one thing to complain is my mentor knows too much, it is hard for me to digest all of them in a short time. Except for the mentor system, I also enjoyed the data science community. In the community, you can post questions or share the experience with others. I always learned a lot of update information about data science there even after finished the training program.Read Less",springboard
"Springboard's Data Science Intensive is a great blend of self paced study, practical coursework, and mentor led training. As part of my mid-career self improvement, I had begun looking at post graduate data science programs at nearby universities. During... Read More my research I came across Springboard which was offering a course of training that covered all the same topics as the university programs with better cost and schedule, and complete with access to a data science mentor currently working in the industry.Having completed the program in early 2017, I feel I came out with a solid technical foundation in data science techniques and tools. On top of that, the practical advice from my awesome mentors was highly valuable with insights into day to day responsibilities and expectations. And, while the sense of community may not have been directly integrated into the course, Springboard does provide the infrastructure of slack channels and office hours for support and communication among students.Read Less",springboard
"This course was a great and fair step in helping me to determine if data science was the right path for me. The course gives you all the tools and best methods you need to get an introduction to data science. As long as you try, you can get a pretty good... Read More assessment if data science is something you want to build a career out of or just an additional skill you want to add. I would much rather do this in a stress-free and at-your-own-pace environment than a degree program: it minimizes the monetary risk and you can focus on the material that is most relevant to the work you do. For me, this course was a great move to advance my career and build a more technical career path at my current company. Should I ever decide to leave my current role, I now have a skill set that makes me a little more marketable!Read Less",springboard
"Hey everyone, I want to let everyone know that this workshop has changed my life.As a student in software engineering... Sticking with the discipline and the kind of learning I went through, it didn't give me a wider range of knowledge i wished to seek.... Read MoreThere was no design or human interaction involved out of school. There was no vibe of control over the things you want to do. Everything was structured and it just wasn't my taste.So, I decided to take UX Design in hope that it would play along side with my Engineering/Programming background and build a more diverse portfolio.In the workshop, I finished it in 3 months. Depending on how much time you want to put in it, how fast you want to complete it is all up to you. Obviously the more effort you put into the workshop the more you get out of it. It was very flexible to my time but also intimidating to the point where you're not making use of all your money if you decide to miss a week or even 2 weeks. I honestly could've finished it faster if i put my full focus into the workshop. And that's the point of this program, you work at your own pace and you figure out when you can subsidize it with your daily routine.I've learned quite a big chunk of stuff and used it to my advantage for my school courses(depends) as well as outside business work.Do you think I recommend this workshop? I definitely do. You will also get a mentor that will guide you through the course and make sure you succeed with satisfaction. Heck, I already miss my mentor :cRead Less",springboard
I took this course to help me make data driven choices in my client experience position. Being able to work at my own pace allowed me to spend more time on things that were more useful/challenging to me while still being held accoountable with weekly... Read More mentor calls. I would absolutely recomend this course to friends and colleagues.Read Less,springboard
"I have taken the data science intensive course which is python based and it really helped me gain a proper understanding on how to deal with cleaning data, pre processing data, doing exploratory data analysis and machine learning. The course material... Read More is great. It is simple and easy to learn. The 1:1 mentor sessions every week was super helpful combined with an entire community of data scientists helped me engage in several things. The youtube videos on career and interview prep helped me a lot as well. The topics discovered were very much aligned to what they would expect in a data science interview. I even had a couple of mock interviews. In overall, a great experience, definitely recommend it.Read Less",springboard
My experience with the UX Design course at Springboard was incredibly pleasant. The materials gathered and provided to the student are thorough without being overwhelming. Being able to work at my own pace has always been the best way to learn for me... Read More and the mentor calls provided insight that you wouldn't be able to receive in a traditional classroom setting. My mentor encouraged and helped me set proper goals for our next calls and in the end I had a great portfolio to use for future positions. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone wanting to further their UX knowledge and build a portfolio.Read Less,springboard
"I really enjoyed the Springboard UX design program. It's self-paced, so you do have to have some motivation to finish / get work done, but I found the curriculum to be a great overview of all aspects of UX. I thought all the info was relevant and interesting,... Read More and confirmed that I want to work in UX for a career!As for timeline, I was able to finish the program in one month while also working a part time job. I only felt a little pressed for time at the very end when I was finishing up the final project.The mentor calls were particularly helpful, especially for career and portfolio advice. Overall I thought this course was great and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in UX.Read Less",springboard
"I took the course ""data analytics for business"". It was a pleasure and I enjoyed it very much! Upfront I read that former students found Springboard to be so effective because of the mentor calls. That is, for sure, a very important reason. But I want... Read More to add that I find the current curricular also very well thought through. I noticed how I was able to put more and more pieces together and create a complete picture of what the course was promising. Well done guys! Thank you very much and all the best to you! I can definitely recommend Springboard!Read Less",springboard
"I had read various articles about data science, the role as a career, tools used etc. However it was upon enrolling in the Springboard course that I found out what it was like hands on. If you are passionate on the topic, or even just curious, I can honestly... Read More recommend the course as a worthwhile investment.Read Less",springboard
"The real difference with the Springboard courses is the feedback you get from the mentors. I got concentrated doses of information in the classes and the mentor calls, and I was able to apply them immediately in my projects. I choose Springboard based... Read More on the delightful combination of self-paced study, weekly mentor calls and weekly office hours, and I was able to see the results of my study efforts immediately.Speingboard has dramatically contributed to my career success. It's pretty hard to beat Springboard regarding getting your skills current.Read Less",springboard
"My prime goal with this course was to advance and formally train myself in data science fundamentals, apply them immediately at my work and lay a solid foundation in data science to continue on the path to become a data scientist. The course was able... Read More to deliver just that. One of the best thing about the course is the ability to connect 1:1 to an industry expert in field. This luxury is never possible with any other online course. The ability to discuss coursework, capstone, and even general data science questions, was immensely useful to me. I found Springboard's coursework to be the most well-filtered and appropriately consolidated, keep the best resources available on the internet in the syllabus. G+ community is also very resourceful, with students and mentors always eager to help. Kane, Rachel and my mentor Matt were plain awesome. After an excellent all round experience with the fundamentals course, I am actively considering getting myself enrolled in the data science intensive course.Read Less",springboard
"I participated in the UX Design School in Summer 2015 and it was one of the best career investments that I have ever made. I wanted to learn more about UX Design and User Research and found this program. The courses are just as in-depth and intensive... Read More as any MBA or graduate program. You're assigned a personal mentor to meet with once each week and guide you through the program. This is probably the best aspect of the program, since you are assigned to work with someone who is at the top of the UX Design field and lives and breathes this subject on a daily basis. It's not a case of a professor who hasn't been in the real world for several years. You're meeting with someone who is leading the way in this field. My personal mentor, Julia DeBari, was fantastic. The biggest thing to keep in mind is that what you get out of this program is based on how much work and effort you put into it. It can be easy to fall behind on course work, but if you do that you're only hurting yourself and your progress. After going through the course, I would recommend dedicating at least one weekend afternoon each week and one evening during the work week to focus on the course work and projects. This is a great program and I hope everyone who enrolls gets as much out of it as I did.Read Less",springboard
"The material for the Foundations workshop was very well-structured, with sufficient resources listed for each topic. The best parts of the course were the mentorship experience, which gives you a chance to develop a relationship with someone senior in... Read More the industry, and the opportunity to work on a final capstone project applying what you've learned to any topic you desire. Thanks for a great experience!Read Less",springboard
"I had an education in Management &amp; Digital Media and was looking at UX career. I didn't know how to start and Springboard helped me a lot to realize what is this industry about and gave me an understanding that I really want to do it! The mentorship is... Read More really valuable part of the program, I'm still in touch with my mentor. I am doing a freelance work - so he is often a person I would go to for an advice! I would definitely recommend Sadok as a mentor!Springboard also update their curriculum constantly - so your skills are up to date!The course has a great value for the price!Read Less",springboard
"Pros: - Mentors who are already working in their field and can navigate you in right direction, so you don't have to find everything.- life long access to constantly updated material.- Office hours where one can ask any question.- Exceptional from mentors,... Read More director Raj and Kane Li.- you start with nothing and within weeks start living Data Science and can feel the significant difference.Cons:Nothing you guys are so dedicated and doing such a life changing job. So following is more of recommendation - Mentor's hour should be 20 minutes twice a week.Read Less",springboard
"The most rewarding aspect of this course is the mentorship program. Building contacts in the field you are interested in is key to a successful career. I really enjoyed the self paced factor as well where you can complete the course as quickly as you... Read More can. The course material was fascinating. I loved reading a lot of the articles at the beginning of the course. If you are on the fence about taking this course, don't be. You'll have lots of fun.Read Less",springboard
"My experience with Springboard was great. Staff was friendly, platform was easy to use, courses were efficient and fun. The online community is extremely helpful - mentors and students will help you with your questions or issues. My mentor, Emily, was... Read More fantastic. I would recommend it.Read Less",springboard
"The UX Design Workshop gave me a great understanding of UX principles and how and when to apply them. There is so much material on the topic out there, but having it curated in one place and presented in a meaningful way was wonderful. You have the option... Read More to pause your program if you need to, which I needed to do for personal reasons, and it was easy to pick up where I left off when I came back. Both of the mentors I had offered invaluable advice and perspective on applying the principles we learned in the real professional world. I appreciated hearing how they approached concepts with their clients and on their own projects. I recommend this course to those who are new to UX or those who are looking to solidify their skills and break into the field.Read Less",springboard
"Just some background information on myself, I have a Bachelor Degree in Business Administration and also an Associate Degree in Graphic Design. My last several jobs I had were Graphic Designer positions with some Email Marketing(basic HTML coding) experience.... Read More I had been looking into the UX field but as a father of two, it's a little hard to make time for learning and getting into a brand new career. Well, I finally got my chance after being laid off from my previous employer and knew I had to do something to get into a different field. I had looked at another 3 month intensive course in NYC, but that would have taken me away from my family and also costed much more (about $9k and not including rent). So I figured I'd give Springboard a try. They have a free course that includes videos from online that is curated by seasoned UX Designer. The paid version, you get a mentor paired with you for 30 min weekly calls and also to ask questions and review your projects. They have many mentors from different backgrounds and from different geographical locations. I personally wanted someone who had a print background to help me transition, and a friend of mine who is from Brazil actually got a Brazilian mentor which was a huge help for her. Well, after completing the course, I began applying for UX jobs, and got an opportunity to interview with a eCommerce business for a junior position. Quite honestly, I felt well prepared for the interview and got advice from my mentor and other mentors throughout the process. I have now been at my current position for the past 10 months, and I know I have made the right decision. Thank you Springboard!Read Less",springboard
"I enjoyed the program very much, gained a lot of knowledge and was able to apply what I learned at work.The mentors were super helpful and everyone is happy to answer your questions and give advise.I highly recommend this program to anyone who's considering... Read More this course.Read Less",springboard
"This was my first online experience and it didn't disappoint. I was motivated to complete the program so I made sure I was ready for my meeting with my mentor every week. My mentor was extremely knowledgeable and always ready with information and links... Read More to help guide me through the UX and UI processes of working on my very first mobile app. He kept me motivated and always thinking about how to take my project to the next level. The program can be paced for your individual comfort, but for me, I found the discipline of my weekly mentor meeting motivating enough to finish in 8 weeks. I am very happy that I took this class with Springboard. I'm super proud that I accomplished my goal of staying current with the technology and methodology of my field.Read Less",springboard
"I really enjoyed my time with the Springboard UX Design Workshop. The course lets you learn at your own pace, but alleviates the problem of most online courses: isolation. Interacting with a professional mentor each week allows the student to really get... Read More a 'boots on the ground' perspective of the course. It also allows a student to ask questions and bridge the gap between knowledge gathering and practical application.By the end of the course, I had completed a rewarding portfolio project and I was surprised at how much I was able to accomplish with the course.I thoroughly recommend the course.Read Less",springboard
