"Review","school"
"Pros - payment flexibility and stipend. Cons - pretty much everything else. Not much assistance is available, the course is poorly laid out, and if you want to actually succeed you’ll need to learn elsewhere. The cohorts are now 50+ people due to an influx... Read More of applications, so pairs are no longer a thing. Daily Q&amp;A sessions have been cancelled and Office Hours have been cut. Everyone in my cohort has reported using other online coding systems to supplement the Thinkful curriculum—not only is that unaffordable for a lot of people, that’s not reasonable considering the extensive time and financial commitment required of this program. I wouldn’t recommend this program to anyone; you’re likely better off taking a variety of the free courses available to people online.Read Less",thinkful
Feels like a demanding job rather than a helpful school. Presentations could be more mentor based. Feedback from graders varies. Not comfortable. Started off alright but then went downhill near the beginning of the course. We'll see how it goes by end... Read More of next year.Read Less,thinkful
"This program is seriously lacking in clarity and organization. There are no specific rubrics or syllabus. The mentors, academic success managers, and instructors all have access to different information and have a hard time conveying the assignments.... Read More Even after reaching out formally to request an updated calendar that is correct for assignments I haven't heard anything in over two weeks. This program is also not BBB accredited and has had multiple complaints filed against them. The link to that is below: https://www.bbb.org/us/ny/brooklyn/profile/continuing-education/thinkful-inc-0121-172100Read Less",thinkful
"I finished the Thinkful Data Analyst course in January, but I did not get a job and have been denied a refund by my career coach. The course did not help me to get responses from data jobs. I applied for more than 500 data jobs, exceeding the 10 jobs... Read More per week requirement. My Thinkful career coach only shared two data jobs with me, one of which was already closed. Lastly, it was never communicated with me until now that I was not in compliance with the requirements to get a refund. its all the lies.... during course, one-on-one mentor is only once a week. On the last two months of my course, my mentor just never show-up and never reply my email at all. Please do not apply this bootcamp.Read Less",thinkful
"I have recently graduated from Thinkful data science program and got positive reviews from all their Mock Interviews. I have followed everything they required, but was not able to land a job. They did not refund the tuition as they promised. Do not trust... Read More and chose this program. For anyone who want more information, I can show you everything that I have done with Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"Today, I graduated from Thinkful Digital Marketing Immersion Course. It was a challenging 2 months, brushing up my skills and building up my portfolio. Joining a bootcamp was one the best investments I ever made. The education they give you is practical... Read More to today’s world, and it is the latest marketing insights and trends you can find!Read Less",thinkful
"Prior to the program, I had work experience with Excel and a little bit of experience studying SQL and Python. I really wanted to move my career in a more technical direction, but didn't know how to start. I had a little bit of exposure to Data Analytics,... Read More but not enough technical skillset to get the job. As much as I was eager to learn, for a technical job, you always need the experience to get the job and you also need a job to get experience, so I decided to sign up for this program! I found it through a Google search and what drew me in the most was their tuition guarantee for a job. I am so glad that I found and finished this program. I was able to get hands-on experience in Excel, SQL, Tableau and Python and feel more confident with my data analysis and presentation skills. The program is very well-structured with an organized curriciulum. My Academic Success Manager was always quick to reply back to all my questions about the course. My current mentor is also very encouraging and offers amazing insights on real world application. I loved the Slack community, especially the technical coaches - they were so nice and always made sure my questions were thoroughly answered. While anything nowadays can be learned online, I feel like doing a bootcamp is better because of the certification and doing projects that are relevant that has been reviewed by someone who can give feedback is so important. I'll be moving on to the career phase of this program and I'm impressed so far about the resources they provide!Read Less",thinkful
"So bear with me for a few minutes as I go through this. Thinkful is a glorified loan company that offers a sub-par program as a guise for their ridiculously high-interest loans. I was interested in the engineering immersion class, with the ISA and stipend.... Read More I'm 44. Single. My job bit the dust with the plague, and I've had zero phone calls in over 3 months for new jobs, in any field. I cooked for most of life, and for the last year I've done wedding decor and coordination. I have 8 years experience in LPC, which is a dead language now and a sub-branch of C. I had never even looked at HTML, CSS, or JS before I started the prep course. I went through the entire prep course in 4 days and knocked it out of the park. Their timeline is a little over 3 weeks. I was done and approved before I ever spoke to my mentor for the first time. My first call from admissions was rescheduled by email 5 minutes after the call was supposed to come through. When I did finally receive the call a week later, I could tell immediately I was talking to a salesman, not an admissions officer. He did little more than send me what he called as an application, but it was simply a a permission form for a credit check. Nothing more. It's notable to mention that up to this point, after having finished the prep course so easily and so quickly, both my mentor and this saleman were very eager to extol all the wonderful things about Thinkful and kept alluding to the prep course being some sort of os scholastic-type test for potential students, and also to make sure all students started with the same basic knowledge. This was utter horse crap all around, but I'll get into the curriculum itself momentarily. After having hyped me up about how great they are and making me think my performance on the prep course actually mattered, they denied me the ISA and stipend both within 24 hours. Your eligibility is based solely on that credit score and current employment. Nothing else. NOTHING. Leaving me wondering why the hell I was given any work to do at all before they ran my credit score. I busted my butt and excelled in every way, even with the poor materials they provide. In reality, the ISA is nothing more than a $16,000 loan, and the stipend is just adding $7,500 to that loan, bringing the total loan up to $23,500. If you couldn't go out to a bank and get a loan for this amount, you won't qualify for the ISA or the stipend. The payback price is $40,000 at 25% of your gross income for 4 years or until paid. That's close to double, and any bank could do better.I received a call from my salesman again within 15 minutes of being denied, urging me to apply for the 6 month course instead of the 5 month with stipend, which still costs 16k and takes even longer, and I would still have not been eligible for. Jobless, almost no credit history, no debt to speak of. I don't even own one single credit card. I've always lived with what I have and never borrowed. When I tried to just tell this guy to forget it, he started in with the sales pitch again, and when I didn't bite he actually accused me of trying to just scam the school out of the $7500 stipend. As if that was a lot of a money and even worth the hit to my already crappy credit score. He was quite rude once he realized I wasn't going to take anything less than what I signed up for, or I was going elsewhere. When I tried to find an avenue of complaint over his behavior, I met nothing but dead ends. I emailed the one link in my course material that goes to someone vaguely official and got no reply.So if you thought ISA was some kind of helpful service you end up paying out the butt for, you're wrong. There is zero interest in your ability, aptitude, or state of need. This company would rather have a double digit IQ and high credit score than a potentially amazing coder with a low credit score. There is zero interest in helping you, only in putting you in debt. I also got the impression that if I simply paid the 16k up front and didn't owe them anything, I would be placed at the very bottom of the list on helping me find a job after the course. Since there is no certification of any kind given after the course is complete, you would be out 16k with nothing but a few simple projects to show for it, while Thinkful steadily places all the graduates who owe them 40k into a job.The curriculum was no better. The three week course covers what would amount to your first two classes in a tech school. It is stressed up front that an actual programmer knows how to find the information they need without help from outside resources. Which is totally true, except in this case it's a way of covering their repeated mistakes in code and the various pieces of misinformation you are given. I'll give a few examples.In the demo on assigning multiple classes to one element, they create a class called ""bold"" in the CSS, and then use ""heavy"", which is undefined, in the HTML, making the demo worthless. The examples don't show properly. The video and instructions on how to properly publish a web page on Github are incorrect and result in a fail. You are plainly shown wrong instructions and neglected being told that your repo name has to be created in a specific way or the site can't find the files. This was huge for me, because this isn't even coding, and it's a necessary step in completing your final assignment. Then, on the final assignment, if you place the CSS normalization link in the head that they literally recommend you use, it causes the test to fail and have to be resubmitted. The link is good, the grading code is bad.Those are just a few of the various mistakes and pieces of false info I found. And this is the PREP COURSE designed to draw people in. It's awful, and for the same price you can easily go to a technical institute for a degree and actual job placement help. This is a scam.Read Less",thinkful
"I considered becoming a software engineer for 8 years and researched bootcamps for 1 year before selecting Thinkful. The greatest strength of the program for me was having an experienced mentor debugging with me, pair programming with me, and providing... Read More insight into the real world of tech. I valued the flexibility of the course to schedule my studies around when I had the most time and energy and could get the most out of what I was studying. As you may expect, a fully online, self-paced program requires some passion for programming or at the very least self-discipline. I see the flexibility provided by Thinkful's engineering flex program as the perfect way to find out if programming is right for you and if it is, to gain confidence in problem solving along the way with the weekly support and guidance of your mentor. I pivoted into tech after working in Property Management for four years. After completing three months of Thinkful's program, I was asked to consult for a small business and design and develop their website, and the best part is, I had the confidence to do so because Thinkful taught me to embrace the unknown and to approach challenges methodically with the belief that you will learn and solve for any problem that comes your way. Highly recommend if you are looking to learn a relevant stack, change your career, and/or build a great portfolio of projects.Read Less",thinkful
"I graduated from Thinkful's Data Analytics Flex program in late March and was recently hired for a new position -- I had an overall excellent experience with the program! The curriculum is comprehensive and rigorous, focusing on Excel, SQL, Tableau, and... Read More Python. These are core skills for any data analyst; Excel and Python are especially emphasized, and you will mainly use these to complete three capstone projects throughout the course. Although a little bit more weight could be placed on SQL and Tableau, i.e. requiring their use for independent projects, the curriculum provides a solid foundation for all of these tools; students could easily apply them to their own separate projects if desired.The instructors are great; you get paired with a mentor for 1-1 sessions twice a week, and an academic success manager whom you meet with every 1-2 months or so. Both my mentor and success manager were very helpful and responsive. After completing the curriculum, you get paired with a career coach for up to six months of career assistance; this stage requires you to apply for jobs and participate in networking activities. I did really appreciate Thinkful's job guarantee, as it demonstrates their confidence in landing new roles for their graduates. Thinkful is currently providing added support in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, which I also really appreciate and believe will be very beneficial to students and recent graduates.All in all, I loved my experience with Thinkful and greatly appreciate the education, guidance, and support they provided me in my career transition!Read Less",thinkful
"I attended Thinkful's Engineering Nights and Weekend course. I graduated in May 2020. I would not hesitate to recommend Thinkful. I originally chose Thinkful because of the tech stack that they teach (JavaScript, Node, React, Express, SQL). I choose that... Read More tech stack because that is most common for the jobs I see listed here in the bay area and what I'm interested in. I made a great choice. I learned a lot through blood, sweat, and tears. What else I really like about Thinkful is they really want to see you succeed. You are assigned a Project Manager as well as a Mentor. What else I loved was being in a cohort with other students. My cohort was amazing and I learned as much as I did with my classmates as I did with my instructors.I feel I got a well-rounded exposure to a full-stack web environment in a supportive environment. In order to help you succeed here are a few things I wish I would have known going in:* Have down the basics of JavaScript before you start. There is a JavaScript module, but you really need to go in having a good solid base. If you are new to coding or JavaScript, I recommend doing work (either from free resources or find a good low priced Udemy class) until you are really comfortable with the basics (writing a function, what is an object, array's, etc.). * After each section, you will be tested. The test will consist of verbal questions and live coding. Make sure you are comfortable with both. I get very nervous so I wish I would have known that. That being said, while they can be nerve-wracking, they are exactly what interviews in a real-world environment are like so these are really helping to prepare you!* If you get a mentor that you don't feel you connect with it is perfectly ok to ask for a different one. This happened to me. My original mentor while good, did not meet my needs. I requested a new mentor and I was assigned a new one right away. He was amazing! * Make the most of your mentoring sessions. If you don't have anything that you want to ask your mentor for help with in a session, ask for drills that you can do, etc. Never go in without a plan of something you want to work on. While the mentor is there to help, you must drive your own learning. So if you don't need help, you could go in and ask, I want to get better at X, can you give me some drills to do, or can we talk about X. * Coding is hard and you will swear and be frustrated often. This is normal. Just do not give up. Get up, take a break, and get back to it. If you are stuck you have mentors, classmates and technical coaches that are there to help.* Get comfortable with troubleshooting and doing research. I see a lot of new students asking questions, such as ""I can't get into X site"". Did you open Dev. tools and see if there is an error, did you try a different browser, did you clear your cache, did you restart your machine, etc. If you are having problems troubleshooting getting into a site, how are you going to feel troubleshooting when your code is not working. I do realize this is a new skill for some people so it is not meant as a criticism. If you are new to tech and not really familiar with troubleshooting problems, I would do some reading on how to do that. It really will help you in all areas. * Give as much as you get. There is a vibrant Slack community of students. Try to get to know other people and contribute where you can. I'm a big believer in giving back where you can.Read Less",thinkful
"I just completed Thinkful's Engineering Immersion program! My experience was amazing. I knew nothing going in and learned so much by the end. This is not a program in which you participate casually. It is a hard Bootcamp, I’m not gonna lie, but my effort... Read More was worth it. The projects are closely aligned with what is expected in a real-world situation, and this, in my opinion, is the best way to learn to code. I was unsure how the fully online model would work with regards to being able to get help when needed promptly but to my surprise, I was fully supported by my mentors who assisted whenever needed. Although you’re on your own, you never feel isolated—there are always instructors available to help. My advice to any of you considering this Bootcamp 1) make sure you ask questions and do not shy away; 2) Be prepared to invest yourself- fully; 3) Do not get discouraged if your teammate is not performing to your expectation. It may happen anywhere in school, at work but the show must go on, the project must be completed, work hard, and bring that project to the end. Remember, you came to Bootcamp not for the certificate but for the skill which will get you a job. Good luck everybody!Read Less",thinkful
"Pros: -curriculum up to industry standards -lots of support from mentors and slack channels-clear guidelines to pass assignments-career support for different types of interviews and professional documents (resume, cover letter, etc)Cons: -pacing of the... Read More curriculum could be better -curriculum in development because of how new the Data Analytics isRead Less",thinkful
"I just finished the Data Science Flex course and recommend it for any motivated person who wants to update their analytics skill set in a remote learning environment. The operative term is MOTIVATED. You have to self-discipline and motivation to get through... Read More the program because you are not learning in a class where you can ask instructors questions in real time and it’s much easier to fall off of the face of the Earth in an online format. If you aren’t a self-starter and have the will power to keep yourself on task, you won’t make it through.As a former college professor who has taught both in person and online, I have been on the both sides of the learning experience and prefer in person courses because they are more conducive to higher quality learning. But, I was not in a position to enroll in a bootcamp in person nor was I in a position to take a full time course for 12 weeks. Thinkful was appealing for three reasons: it provided you with a mentor who was a senior data scientist and you would meet twice a week during the course, it provided a lot of other online support like virtual office hours with other senior data scientists and Slack channels with technical coaching support, and it was part-time with a flexible schedule. On balance, I had a great experience and learned a ton. The mentor program is its strongest feature because with a good mentor you have someone whom you can regularly ask questions about anything related to what you are doing in the course (including career advice). Your mentor also keep you on schedule for two reasons: 1) you don’t want to waste their time, and 2) they can help get out of ruts when you are struggling with projects. My mentor was outstanding and helped me a lot. My biggest problem was often with syntax and python basics that I would forget and they always provided helpful code. The material is text-based with examples and walkthroughs. They don’t provide lectures or seminars. You must be someone who learns by reading and doing to master the material. I am one of those people, but you may not be. If you prefer video instruction, you may not get as much out of the program. I, along with other students I was in touch with throughout the course went to YouTube for extra guidance or alternative explanations to help clarify some things. Be prepared, however, to do extra reading on your own on a regular basis. I think that you’ll probably do that in any bootcamp course you take. You pay around $8,000 for six months in the program with 42 days of pause time. Once you sign up, you get a customized schedule with deadlines to help keep you on pace. Pause time allows you to temporarily stop the schedule for a period of time and push your deadlines back in case you are behind, work gets crazy, or you need to break to clear your head.  Other strengths:Most of the material (80-85%) was accessible and focused on showing you how to apply what you’re learning. They provided enough theoretical and conceptual material so you got the big idea, but the highest quality materials made code accessible to newbies.Technical coaching support was always great. Coaches are patient and stick with you until the problem is solved, regardless of how long it takes to figure things out.Online office hours and other support: Mentors holding office hours were always outstanding and very helpful. “Pause time”: they give you 42 days of “pause time,” where you can pause your timeline and get deadlines pushed back. You might get behind at some point and this is your option to Administration: you get an Academic Success Manager who acts like a counselor throughout the course and is there for help related to anything but data-science specific issues. ASMs were always pretty good about supporting you through tough times that were outside of your control. For example, people got extra pause time during the pandemic. You choose a specialty at the end where you dig a little deeper on a topic of your interest and that serves as the basis for your final capstone project. This is something for you and your mentor to figure out together. Career Support: You get six months with a career coach to help you find a job, but they require a lot of work. I can’t say more since I am just entering that phase. WeaknessesSome of the material was not so clear. You would occasionally come across a subsection where the concept was not broken down very well or the code explanation was glib and you needed to do a lot of outside reading to figure things out. Or, the explanations about the concept and code were both pretty shallow yet there was a big leap between that and what you were required to do for the accompanying assignment. That didn’t happen often, but did so occasionally. Unfortunately for me, I specialized in NLP and the material was incomplete, requiring me to do read a lot of extra material to bring me up to speed. This caused me to take longer than I wanted to for the final project. It worked out OK in the end, but this was pretty frustrating. From my own discussions with other students, this does was not the case with other specialization modules, thankfully.Read Less",thinkful
"So, I just completed the Thinkful bootcamp and I definitely think it's well worth the money. The course material felt like updated stuff, and they definitely challenge you. I feel confident that I am ready for the workforce. I will say that this bootcamp... Read More is challenging, and you can't just slide through. If you want to do bare minimum do not do this bootcamp. If you want to be challenged and learn, then this bootcamp is great for you. I did the Enginerring Flex program and honestly I think it's best because you get to pick when you work on it, and they match you with a mentor that you meet with twice a week and on your schedule. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to fast track their learning of coding.Read Less",thinkful
"As the title says, Holy smokes!Before I begin my review, I want to give a shout out to my academic success manager Cali. She has been absolutely awesome through my whole time through the program. She is quick to reply to emails or slack messages and she... Read More reached for me when I had no idea how to. Second shout is to Victor, who was my mentor during the program, and has taught me a lot. He pushed me to really think about naming conventions (functions, classes). I enjoyed our talks and helped me become a better programmer.In terms of the actual program. There are bits and pieces where there is some dry reading. Hopefully they change that or implement some video series to break it up. Overall though, all the information you need to get into the tech industry is there, I have learned so much in the last few months. I would honestly referer someone to Thinkful if they were considering coding. The ""go at your own pace"" really worked well for me and my schedule since it can be unpredictable and it allowed for my dog to not interrupt me during class times. Overall, One of the best schooling experiences I have ever had. If you are willing to work with them, they will work with you and your needs.Read Less",thinkful
"I dropped out the Thinkful Data Science Flex program after 20 days. and I was charged of $1745USD. I was amazed at the low quality of learning content. It even doesn't make sense in the context of the article it presents. Also, there is no video at all... Read More which is really boring and the way of conveying concepts pretty slow.Read Less",thinkful
"Hi Everyone its my first time review so bear with meCurrently Thinkful has different programs I will be talking about Data Science Program. They are saying they provide you outstanding curriculum , industry levels mentors, is not enough ? they have also... Read More provie Q/A sessions or workshops.....1-) At first glance curriculum is good, and especially if you have no idea what data science you will feel like man i am learning but the truth is ifyou want to learn data science anywhere Kaggle, Youtube , CourseErea, Mit .... they have more information, SO WHAT AM TRYING TO SAY ....curriculum is lack of academic knowledge, and some parts are not clear, and even you ask your mentor mentors have no idea 2-) Mentor ship : Thats is something great having someone in the field and expert is supporting you twice in a week ... But the problem lots of mentors they dont really work for Thikfull, theyre are part time, and TRUST ME . THEY DO NOT SHOW UP, and you can change your mentor , even the new one can be worse than your old mentor , its about your luck 3-) Q/A session where student ask expertise in CERTAIN SUBJECT, i have experience couple time they dont show up, and even one time i had to ended up helping another student 4-)Workshop same as QA , if you expecting something big i am sorry to say to you , DO NOT, I attended one it was 90 minutes the guy was talking how his life was before, and what he did to get a job, .... hold on a second this was SQL session ....and after some time he show the student SELECT * FROM Table; it was perfect workshop i would never forget ....5-)Program Manager (PM) this person is in the charge ,you can reach to them any time they say you wan to change your mentor go to Pm , you have question related to curriculum go to PM , financial question go to Pm , I mean is the hub connection point , only thing they can do it for your SORRY FOR YOU EXPERIENCE LET ME TALK TO ACADEMIC MANAGER TEAM , OR LET ME TALK TO THEIR MANAGER ...that is the answer you will get from them so do not do like me , try to search and do not believe 5 start rating , and job guarantee option, trust me, they are lack in academic curriculum , lack in having mentor support...I would give them --5nRead Less",thinkful
"I just completed Thinkful's Engineering Immersion 5-month apprenticeship/bootcamp (today!). It was an incredible experience and exceeded my expectations. Prior to starting with Thinkful, I had completed another coding bootcamp that was for front-end development.... Read More That bootcamp was about 80% reading material, 10% watching videos, and 10% actually coding. My comfort level, if someone had asked me to sit down and code -anything-, would have been about 15% confidence that I could do it.I found Thinkful and started looking into their Full Stack program (Engineering Immersion). Immediately what stood out to me was that it was a structured program with live instruction/instructors, TAs, and mentors. The structure was also based on collaborative programming and embracing a growth mindset. Before being admitted to the program, a three-week prep course was required and a technical evaluation. I was shocked that the 3 week prep course covered nearly everything that my previous bootcamp had taken months to do. It was a good refresher for me, but I was also very thankful that I had some JavaScript background since this prep course was so intense. The program itself was highly rigorous and very time intensive. I graduated on-time and received nearly perfect scores on my graded assessments - but that required me to put in about 60+ hours a week doing my assignments and readings, practicing the parts I didn't understand, and putting extra effort into my capstones. But it was completely worth it!In my opinion, one of the most successful parts of Thinkful's program is their use of paired programming. Now, at the end of the course, I am graduating with well over 500 hours of paired programming experience. Not only is that one way I was able to get such a deep understanding of what I was learning, but it also helped hone my collaboration skills in the context of a development environment. Paired programming helped me learn from and teach many different styles, attitudes, and personalities - which I feel like is invaluable. The technical interviews at the end of each section were also a huge highlight. It helped me take everything I was learning and synthesize it into words. It has prepared me for the job search and given me an extra confidence boost that I can answer those questions. The capstone projects were an eye-opening experience. They really gave me that vote of confidence that I could actually DO what I was learning. And that was only possible because every single day I was coding with a pair. Not reading, not watching videos, or watching someone else code. I was in the thick of it, sharing my screen, working with another human, trying to understand and solve problems. When it came time to put all of that knowledge together and do the capstone projects, I was ready and excited!Thinkful has very few flaws, in my opinion, and has been an incredible experience. One flaw that I ran into was the use of Mentors. I have talked to many of my cohort members that have had incredible experiences with their mentors, but unfortnately my experience was very lack luster and a waste of time. I look forward to Thinkful giving mentors a little more structure so that when students need help, they can get it. However, the TAs that were available every afternoon were INVALUABLE. The amount of time they would take to explain a concept - even using props, playing cards, drawings, etc to help illustrate a hard concept - was truly amazing. So many of my successes were built off of a TA taking the time to work with me when the concept was first presented. All in all, I would recommend Thinkful to anyone who has a strong work ethic, who has that drive to reach their goals, and has the time to commit to the program. I would recommend doing some free coding/JavaScript lessons so you don't feel like your feet have been swept out from under you when the prep course comes along. Along with many things in life, the program is what you put into it. And if you put in 100%, you'll get an incredible education experience with job-ready skills.Read Less",thinkful
"My prior skill level:None. I have a BA in History and an M.Ed in Special Education. The closest I had come to coding were the kids coding challenges on code.org.Why I chose this program:I used Course Report to review several boot camps and decided on... Read More Thinkful because of its price compared to others and its job guarantee. The deal is that if you don't find a job within 6 months, you'll get a refund. When reading the fine print, I found that you have to meet a lot of requirements in order to qualify for the refund, such as make 8 phone calls and apply 2 places a week (or something like that). I was okay with that though, because I know that's what it takes to find a job in a new field. It's a good incentive to keep pushing. I also found out that if you finish before the 6 months are up, you can get a prorated refund for the time you didn't use. I wanted to take advantage of that, but the program did take me a full 6 months (and then some extra).Why you should choose this program:The most valuable part of the program is the mentor pairing. I met with my mentor twice a week for 45 minutes each session. That is the accountability I needed to go through a self-paced program. I feel this is much better accountability than assignment due dates like in academia. Any problems I had with an assignment, I knew I would be talking through them with my mentor soon. Other boot camps didn't seem to offer this level of partnership.Curriculum:I don't know how the curriculum compares to other programs, but I can comment on the pedogogy. One of the most difficult aspects of any curriculum is creating a Transfer of Knowledge. This means being able to apply your newly learned skill to a new situation. Many of the Thinkful assignments require replicating a process with a different dataset - much like how Math is taught. The problem with this is that if there is any difference between what you have learned and what you are asked to do, you could get stuck and become frustrated. At times, I found myself copying and pasting Python code from the lessons in order to complete an assignment without understanding what was happening. While I know this is part of the learning curve, it did affect my final capstone when I couldn't understand why the code I copied and pasted from Stack Overflow wasn't working. I wasn't able to transfer what I learned in the program to new pieces of code. It seems like this is a problem for coding in general, given how much copy-and-paste-code there is in Stack Overflow. It's only if you're lucky that someone explains their code step-by-step, which enables you to understand where in the process you went wrong. This is something you should keep in mind regardless of what boot camp you choose. Job Placement:I just started the ""Career Services"" part of the program this week, so I can't comment on that. I haven't found a job in the field yet.Read Less",thinkful
"My experience with Thinkful was the single worst educational and customer service experience of my life - which is saying a lot. The online curriculum is definitely subpar and there are no explanatory videos or live sessions as there are with other bootcamps.... Read MoreThe program provides you with bi-weekly mentor sessions to answer any questions your may have and to guide your progress. I went through 5 mentors - FIVE. 4 of whom 'ghosted' me and did not show up for our scheduled sessions. The other one chain smoked and made inappropriate comments throughout the duration of our sessions.Most of the mentors commented on how poorly structured the program was and how there were better bootcamp programs available. One mentor even said that it would be difficult to find a job without knowing Redux which was removed from the course material. I ended up withdrawing from the program after the fifth mentor called minutes before our scheduled session and said she was 'too busy' to be my mentor anymore. After this incident I did not receive a reply from anyone at Thinkful for 1 week. At this point I was months behind due to these administrative issues and had lost any learning and progress flow. I had fallen completely stagnant. Ultimately, there are so many choices for programs both online and in-person. I really do not want anyone to have to go through what I went through. If you commit to this program there is a strong possibility you will experience enormous delays and that you will be on your own with any problems you experience. Other programs may seem more difficult and less flexible in terms of schedule but it is well worth inconvenience for a comprehensive experience.Read Less",thinkful
"I just finished Thinkful's Engineering Immersion full-time program. I went from minimal/no programming experience to building full-stack (frontend, backend, database) in less than 6 months. It was equal parts exciting, difficult, rewarding, and exhausting.... Read MoreNot for the faint of heart, but a great way get into web development. I put in an average of 60~70 hrs of work per week.I would recommend studying a bit of JavaScript and SQL on FreeCodeCamp to give yourself a bit more time to digest the material.Read Less",thinkful
Pros: - Well-rounded curriculum. - Deep discussions of topics are available. - Very active online communityCons:- The local community could be more organized and activated. - More structure around the capstone projects would be useful - More active mentor... Read More supervision is needed.Read Less,thinkful
"-Pros -It will provide you with good and updated material to get your skills sharp on the language that they are teaching you. It is fast paced, it will make time fly and you will be learning a lot really fast. It will challenge yourself as a professional,... Read More and you will understand the meaning of ""detail oriented'. -Cons-- Why didn't I start this program earlier? - I ask myself this question almost everyday. It may seem overwhelming at the beginning but trust me they will provide you with the tools for your success. Understand that this boot camp is what its name means, it will require of your time to sit down and put the hours in. I currently have a full time job, my afternoons and evenings I have to dedicate to the program in order to stay on meeting my dates.Read Less",thinkful
"Note: My experience was with Thinkful's Engineering Immersion program. There are several tracks within Thinkful, and each is structured slightly differently. Deciding to join a boot camp is a very nerve-wracking decision. For me, it was a total career... Read More change, so I wanted to minimize my risk as much as possible. I decided to go with Thinkful after seeing that they regularly post their job placement rates online and that they have a job placement guarantee. The actual program ended up being extremely challenging. I put in anywhere from 40-70 hours a week, depending on that week's content. The material is challenging, but the pace felt spot on for what I wanted to get out of it. During the program I always felt pushed, a little overwhelmed at times. As a result, I left the program feeling like my skills were good enough to not only land a job, but to be comfortable in a new role. For the Engineering Immersion program you'll meet with an instructor twice a day to go over the day's material and check in on everyone's progress. Then, you'll pair program with another student until the end of the day. There is always support from the instructors and from mentors. On a typical day, we could have someone helping us within 5-10 minutes if we really got stuck on a tricky concept. Having that support meant that I never felt like I was wasting my time. Twice a week you'll meet with your mentor to go over anything that you feel like you need help with. Finally, after the course is complete, you'll be assigned a career coach to help you navigate finding that first job. For me, landing that first gig took just under two months from graduation. Thinkful is a challenging, rigorous program. If you're looking to skate through with minimal effort and start applying to jobs, this probably isn't the program for you. If you're looking to build solid foundational skills and put in the time to learn, then Thinkful has the right resources to help you succed.Read Less",thinkful
"I’m just beginning to finish up my Fundamentals Modules for the Product design Track on Thinkful and so far I’m super impressed. I left my full full time job to pursue this and it’s hand down the best investment I’ve made in myself to date. The curriculum... Read More is super thorough (which is super helpful to someone with no experience in the field such as myself), and the feedback from the graders is always helpful (unless you pass right away, in which they usually say something that can be summed up in a “job well done”). My mentor is great, and is an awesome match personality wise. Having the two 45 minute one on one sessions each week is a huge perk. I don’t see how anyone could do this well with out them. If you’re hesitant and reading reviews to help make a decision, I say take the jump!Read Less",thinkful
"I am a couple of months into Thinkful's full-stack flex program, and I could not be happier! For me, the most important thing has been my sessions with my mentor. Having one on one time with a seasoned developer is absolutely priceless. The program managers... Read More are amazing, they are there to cheer you on and be there for anything you might need. Then, there is the Thinkful Slack community, just open lines of communication and students, alum and support staff helping each other out non-stop. It is clear from day one that Thinkful wants you to succeed and will be there with you every step of the way. This is a top-notch program, and I would recommend it to anyone!Read Less",thinkful
"I am really enjoying working through the Thinkful curriculum, and the support of my Thinkful mentor and the community has really helped me through the process. I am currently a part of the Full Stack Flex program and one thing I really appreciate about... Read More this program is the flexibility to be able to get the work done outside of working my day job. The curriculum provides a lot of helpful reading, which I can sometimes do on-the-go, and the way the projects and assignments are structured is super engaging. They have elevated the program even more to include more online community among students as well as some local meet-ups and networking events.Read Less",thinkful
"Before Thinkful I was working in IT. Thinkful gave me the tools and resources to help me launch my career in tech. My mentor was really helpful in answering my tech/non-tech related questions. After graduation, I was able to land my engineering job within... Read More my current company. As someone that already has student loans, I was a little bit on the fence but it was worth it in the end.Read Less",thinkful
Thinkful's Data science flex program was truly a wonderful experience. I met some supportive and knowledgeable people here. The program stands out for it's one on one mentorship and i was matched up with an excellent mentor. He walked me thru every concept... Read More and gave me pointers to improve my projects. Curriculum covers almost every topic in data science briefly and it's up to the student to choose a specialization towards the end. Mock interviews and presentations helped me boost my confident levels and exchange ideas with other mentors and students. Overall it was a great experience and i managed to graduate in 6 months with a full time job.Read Less,thinkful
"Pros:Having a good mentor is a key component. My mentor was available whenever I needed help and was very patient. The mock interviews and the presentations helped with my confidence level. The mock interviews were very helpful as they pointed out how... Read More and where I needed improvement. The curriculum was updated while I was still on the old curriculum. I did go back and look at one of the new curricula for regression and the new lessons are better. I wish I had them when going through the course. But all in all, the experience with Thinkful has been pleasing. It was hard work and I did find myself getting burned out midway through. One good thing is you have pause time to use if you need to step away and regroup. Cons:I wish you could extend the Bootcamp by a week so that if you go over the 6 months by 1 week you don't get charged for the full month.Read Less",thinkful
"For context... I am almost through the first phase of the course and getting ready to submit my first capstone project.So far my experience has been fantastic and I don't expect that to change. The curriculum is challenging yet there is that flexibility... Read More of completing it on your schedule.In my opinion, the way they have it set up is great. You get a mentor, program manager, career coach, and career services manager. So far I have only had the pleasure of interacting with my mentor and program manager, but if the career support team is anything like what I have experienced so far then I would expect 5 stars all day long.For me, it all comes down to that mentorship. That is what really sold me.Yes, I can sit there and read lessons and examples and comb through StackOverflow until my eyes fall out... but the fact that you have a mentor available to you that you can bounce ideas off of or just ask that one questions that helps you breakthrough with that thing you been struggling with, is invaluable.Read Less",thinkful
"Apologies for the wall of text that's about to follow—apparently I had a lot to say, and I hope that some will find it useful.Overview (TL/DR)Enrolling at Thinkful is one of the best decisions I've ever made. They have a solid curriculum with staff who... Read More are really invested in student success. Not only do you graduate the program having obtained a highly-sought-after skillset, but Thinkful continues to support you in your job search and provides the strategies, resources, and connections that will really help you reach your goal of becoming a Developer.Why Learn to Code?I assume that if you're reading this, you've already thought about the answer to that question. For me, I started coding as a side-project when my former company asked me to redesign their website—I had no prior experience, but it was so rewarding to dive in, solve problems on-the-fly, and emerge with something I was really proud of. After taking some time to reflect, I decided that my interests and skills were more aligned with a career in programming.I found it helpful to figure out my own, personal ""why"" and think about what I really wanted to get out of this journey. Defining a simple, reasonable, quantitative goal gave me something to aim for and helped me to stay motivated and focused. The goal I came up with for myself was to ""obtain a growth-oriented software developer job in the Chicago area within 6 months of graduating from boot camp with a salary that would allow me to comfortably start a family.""One of the first major steps I took was to complete Udacity's ""Intro to Computer Science"" course, which validated my feelings that this is something I would really enjoy doing. There are many similar resources out there (freeCodeCamp is another good one) where you can get a taste of what being a programmer is all about and decide if it's right for you. Additionally, Thinkful has a mandatory Prep Course (which I'll discuss in more detail later) that also allow you to dip your toes in the water before taking the full plunge.Why A Boot Camp?One thing I know about myself is that when I’m trying to learn something on my own, I can spend hours just researching the ""best"" way to learn it, often to the point of paralysis by analysis. That's why the concept of a boot camp really resonated with me—allowing someone else to handle the ""what"" and ""how"" of my education by curating a solid curriculum would help me stay focused and moving forward. My next step was… research!Why Thinkful?Using sites like SwitchUp and CourseReport, I created a comparison spreadsheet of all the boot camps I was interested in. Thinkful's Engineering Immersion program checked all the right boxes—it combined the ideal qualities of a modern, comprehensive, project-based curriculum, high-quality teaching staff, regular 1-on-1 mentorship, daily peer collaboration, and outcome-oriented career services. From the glowing reviews of alumni, I got the impression that Thinkful is constantly striving to improve and update the program to the benefit of future student cohorts. So, I decided to take the leap and applied for the July 2018 cohort.Prior to StartingAfter applying to the Engineering Immersion program, I had a phone call with one of Thinkful's program coordinators to make sure that I was a good ""culture fit."" They mainly wanted to hear about my background and why I was learning to code, answer any questions I had, and go over the next steps.Then I began the Prep Course, the cost of which went towards the full program tuition. It was 4 weeks long and required a 30 hours/week commitment. The course is designed to get you up to speed on the basics of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This was mostly self-guided learning using the curriculum they provided, however I was assigned a Mentor during the Prep Course, who I met with twice a week to go over what I was learning and discuss anything I was struggling with or had questions about.The Prep Course also included a few short lessons on communication and other soft skills which provided some tools and strategies to help you work well in a group environment. I loved that they provided this and it gave me the impression that they really wanted everyone to have a great experience collaborating in our cohort.Towards the end of the Prep Course, my Mentor helped me prepare for the Technical Evaluation, which you need to pass in order to be admitted to the full-time program. They asked some general questions about the topics covered in the Prep Course and then I had to complete 5 coding challenges using JavaScript.Once I passed the Technical Evaluation and was admitted into the full-time Engineering Immersion program, I had an orientation session where I got to meet all of the other students in my cohort and got an overview of the program.The CurriculumThere were four main instructional ""units"" of the program, each led by a different instructor. After each unit ended, we would schedule a mock interview (similar to the Prep Course Technical Evaluation) which would focus on the material covered in that unit.1. The first unit (2 weeks) covered JavaScript, jQuery, and how to architect and build asynchronous web applications, culminating in a 3-day solo project where I built my own web app.2. The second unit (4 weeks) was all about server-side programming, using Node/Express to build RESTful APIs, PostgreSQL and Mongo to build databases. We also learned how to write tests and construct user authentication strategies.3. The third unit (2 weeks) was dedicated to learning React and Redux, an extremely popular framework for building web apps.4. The fourth unit (2 weeks) was on data structures and algorithms, a very useful topic to prepare you for programming interviews.Interspersed between and around these core instructional units, we had about 7 total weeks dedicated to working on projects, both solo and in groups. In the final week of the program, we focused on completing our online portfolios and polishing up our projects in preparation for the job search.Overall I was extremely impressed with the quality and freshness of the curriculum. One of the program coordinators told me that they try to make at least one substantial update to the program after each cohort of students, and it really shows in the quality and attention to detail of the curriculum. You can tell that Thinkful really cares about what their students think. There are many opportunities to provide feedback, both solicited and unsolicited.There were a few scattered instances of an outdated or broken link, but that just comes with the territory of a curriculum which is constantly improving and evolving to keep up with the pace of the industry.Thinkful was really, really good about teaching us to be independent developers. There was some necessary hand-holding in the beginning as we learned the basics, but they pretty quickly transitioned us to working both independently and on group projects where it was really up to us to come up with an idea, organize the projects, research different technologies that might be useful, study documentation, and work autonomously.A Typical DayClass started at 9am (Central) every morning with a lecture by the lead instructor for that unit of the curriculum. This was typically about an hour long and was held in a group chat room where we could watch the instructor and ask questions via text, voice, or video. I really enjoyed this format and thought that the instructors provided a lot of great insights. They were also very good at explaining things in a way that was easy to follow and understand.Next, we would break into pairs (we had a different partner each day) and work on coding exercises using a technique called pair programming—this is where you take turns writing code (""driving"") and providing direction (""navigating""). This definitely took some getting used to, but quickly started to feel more natural as we progressed. It's great practice for learning to work with different people and different personalities, and it helps us pull each other along—I noticed on some days that my partner was teaching me a lot, while on others I was doing the teaching. Most days it was a mix of both. If you ran into any trouble, you could always message the instructor/TA's, who would join your room and help you figure things out. After a 45-minute lunch break, we'd have an afternoon lecture, which was usually a short review or small addition to the content we covered in the morning lecture.Then, we'd break into our pairs again and work on some more exercises until the end of the day (4:30pm Central).In the evenings, we'd meet with our personal Mentors at an agreed-upon time for 30 minutes. Thinkful Mentors work regular jobs in the industry and provide mentorship on the side, so in addition to getting help with your coursework, they can provide valuable insight about life as a real Developer.We'd also usually have an assigned reading each night to introduce the topic for the next day's class. Thinkful recommended that we dedicate at least 2 hours per night to studying outside of class. Obviously, the more time you put into it, the more you'll get out of the program, so it's important that your family/friends understand the time commitment you've made so that they allow you time to focus and study. I found that in order to keep up"" at the level I wanted to be at, I had to devote more like 3-4 hours every night, plus an additional 3-4 hours per day on weekends.ProjectsThe projects were a great way to really apply our knowledge in a practical setting and review and reinforce some of the lessons we had learned. They also provided great material for our portfolios.The highlight of the program for me was our first Full-Stack Capstone project. We had finally reached the point where we had the knowledge to build a complete web application and then were given two weeks to brainstorm, plan, design, build, and deploy a full-stack project of our choice. While we still had regular progress check-ins with our instructor, it was so cool to have the freedom to flex our skills and creativity and dive deep into a project.During the final Capstone project, I was on a team of five, where we came up with the concept for an app, decided on the features we wanted to implement, created user stories and wireframes, organized our tasks on a Trello board, and had daily morning stand-ups to discuss our progress and any hurdles we encountered. I think we all learned a lot about the importance of communication, organization, and version control when working in a collaborative environment. It was so cool to be put into an Agile development environment, simulating the type of tasks and interactions we might encounter in our professional work.Pace/DifficultyThe pace of the program was very quick—it often felt like we were just starting to wrap our heads around one subject when another would get introduced. Some days were definitely more difficult than others, but the days seemed well-balanced so it never got too overwhelming.I sometimes wished that I had time to read more about a few of the more complex topics we covered, but then you run the risk of going down a rabbit hole and losing focus, so overall I'm happy with the pace and structure. It did feel at times like I was literally just coding, eating, and sleeping, but I knew the program would be time-consuming, so it's hard to complain, especially when I look at how far I developed in such a short time.Job SearchOne of the key selling points for the program was the focus on giving me the skills required to land a Developer job, and that includes the soft skills. There was an entire section of the curriculum dedicated to crafting application materials, networking, and interviewing.Upon graduating, I was also paired with a dedicated Career Coach, who would meet with me every 1-3 weeks (more frequently earlier on) to go over your application materials, talk about different job hunting techniques, and help you refine your strategy if things weren't working.They definitely expect a lot from you during the job searching phase (see the specific requirements in their Tuition Refund Guarantee), but it's all designed with the goal of getting you a job as quickly as possible.Thinkful is great about connecting with companies who are looking for Developers like you. Your mileage may vary depending on where you live, but Thinkful introduced me to quite a few companies in Chicago.OutcomeI'm thrilled to say that, having recently been hired as a Software Engineer at Groupon's Chicago headquarters, I've surpassed my wildest expectations of what I'd be able to accomplish in only a year's time. Thinkful was absolutely instrumental in every step of the way. Not only did they provide me with the current, relevant skills I would need to impress during my interviews, but their incredibly hard-working Careers Team helped me get a foot in the door by making an introduction with Groupon and helping me cut through the high volume of applications they receive on a regular basis.One of the highlights of my life will be the moment after I received the job offer and then immediately called my wife to deliver the good news and got to hear her cries of joy. This means so much to us and our aspirations of starting a life together. It's also incredibly significant to me, personally, to be doing something that I love in an environment where I'll be challenged and inspired to learn and grow. As I think about my future and start to set new goals for my life and career, I'm so grateful for the time I had with Thinkful and for their incredible team of instructors, mentors, managers, and coaches. I'll always look back fondly on Thinkful as the pivotal factor in propelling me along my desired career path.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful's data science program provides the flexibility to continue working full-time without losing the support I need to succeed. I have a mentor that I meet with 1-on-1 twice a week, technical coaching for any problems that I run into that I can't... Read More solve on my own, and plenty of open office hours for other issues. The non-curriculum support team (finance, program manager, etc) has also been very helpful with anything that I need.The work is challenging and rigorous. I've learned so much already and can't wait to continue my journey into data science!Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently in Thinkful's Full Stack Flex program. I work full-time and I needed the flexibility. I had some experience going into it, and I honestly think you need to have at least some of the basics down (know some html, css, js). The program is... Read More thought, and it’s recommended to dedicate 20 hours a week to keep up. From my experience you need to put way more time in to really grasp all the concepts and become confident in what you learn.The course is layer out in modules and for each module you read the material and do the drills and projects. The material is very rigorous and provides tons of extra resources as well. If you get stuck solving a drill or need help understanding a concept, you can reach out to people on slack or you can go into office hours and ask your questions. You get a massive amount of support and there are always people around that can help. Plus, you get to meet twice a week for 45 min with your mentor.The mentor sessions are super important because you use them as mini-interviews where the mentor give you coding challenges, or can help you when you need help building an app or understanding a concept.They are 5 mock interviews that give you a taste of what a typical interview feels like. I failed my first attempt, and the feedback I received from that helped me improve my learning strategy.So far I think Thinkful was a great decision for me, it gives me the structure and the safety net I need to learn to code.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful gives students a mix of 10% theory 90% application. They do not TEACH data science, instead they MAKE data scientists. They do this by assigning you a program manager, whose task is to be your accountability buddy and help you get to the right... Read More resources within Thinkful (payment team, career resources...etc). In addition, they assign you a mentor who meets with you twice a week to give you applicable experience (which is the experience I highly value as a job seeker). My mentor has a PhD and is knowledgeable in navigating projects and challenges.On the career search side, I have not taken any of the 5 mock interviews yet but I look forward to. They guided me on starting to build and follow companies, job titles, and trend setters in data science. They also note in one of their lessons the inefficiency of online job search, which my history with career search confirms. They replace that with applicable ways to build your network, including a how-to on conducting interviews with leaders in your field. They have many resources that students can use to learn anytime, including info sessions and slack channels. My mentor is open to emailing anytime and usually responds quickly. I believe I have made the right choice.I have not completed my bootcamp yet, but I am happy with outcomes up until this moment. My mentor is professional, the payment team they use is professional, my PM is professional.Read Less",thinkful
"...quite thoughtful, if you'll forgive the pun. In my experience with the program over the last few months, I've come to this conclusion on more than one occasion. From the screening process to the curriculum development to the mentoring, there's ample... Read More evidence throughout that the community which designed &amp; developed this bootcamp put a lot time and effort (and therefore a lot of thought) into its creation &amp; maintenance. I think the most impressive aspect though is the confidence that everyone on staff has in the mission to prepare you for a job when you're ready, or upon completion (it's up to you, truly). And that goes for the resources that are made available throughout: it seems that there is a constant drive towards what is relevant whether it's a project management tool, or another Excel reference. Thinkful was indeed the right choice for me.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful understands the value of supporting their students and almost provides too much support to utilize. Weekly mentor sessions, q&amp;a sessions, open slack channel, technical coaching for hardware/software issues, and peer support are just a few of... Read More the opportunities that are provided for all students. I read about 200-250 reviews on Switchup's website before deciding to pursue this option. The nights and weekends program does require a ton of time. They clearly stated I would be spending 25-30 hours outside of my normal work day on this work and I absolutely am putting this amount of time if not more into the program. You will lose sleep as I am averaging 4-5 hours per night, but I also have a full time job, am a husband, and father to two young boys. I do not regret this decision one bit as I know I will reap what I sow. Be relentless and go for it! It will truly be a life changing opportunity if you put the time into it.Read Less",thinkful
"Overall I had a great experience learning at Thinkful. I completed the Engineering Immersion program as I thought it would be the best fit for me and I am very happy with my decision. I did quite a bit of research before deciding to take the plunge on... Read More a bootcamp as it is a big commitment of both time and money and after all is said and done, Thinkful certainly lived up to my hopes.The curriculum is focused on technologies and languages that are in demand at the moment and in my job hun/interviews post graduation the stack I learned proved to be a desirable skill set. The teachers, mentors, and support staff were all very knowledgeable, friendly and happy to answer questions. It was clear that everyone that works at Thinkful is passionate about what they do and excited to help the students learn. I never felt like I was just a money maker for the program.Additionally, the career support both in the curriculum helping me get prepared for interviews etc. as well as the ongoing support after graduation were a big selling point for me and again surpassed my expectations going in. Not only does Thinkful impart the necessary tech knowledge to land a developer position, but really helped me prepare for the day-to-day of being a developer as well as the steps necessary to land that elusive first position. I was lucky and I don't believe this is the norm but I was able to get my first long-term contract 1 week after graduation and I am ecstatic to call myself a developer after the help and tutelage at Thinkful.I'm sure there were some downsides I felt going through the program but after the fact I can't seem to recall what they were. I will say that the engineering immersion program is fairly rigorous. It was not an easy 5 months but was absolutely worth the effort. Be prepared to learn a lot, fast!Read Less",thinkful
"I'll be graduating from the Thinkful Analytics Bootcamp this week. It has been an enlightening experience. This is a great course for individuals with no previous analytics experience as well as those looking to ""sharpen the saw"". I've been an analyst... Read More for 4 years now and I primarily work with excel. Building on those skill with SQL, and Python helps me to ""up my game"". The Thinkful community was very helpful! I've enjoyed the course so much I'm actually attempting to become a mentor post-graduation.PROS:1.Curriculum2.Technical Coaching3.Projects to help you develop business acumen 4.Great community CONS:1.Cost2.Job support*You will not be spoon fed a job, you must work for it. Not necessarily a con but it's good to know what to expect. You get out what you put in.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful tries really hard to get you through their program, but it is up to you to put in the time. Don't expect a job at the end of it, it is up to you to network and prepare yourself like anything in life. Thinkful provides the tools and they are some... Read More great tools! Also, it is worthwhile to consider quitting your job to do Thinkful or a bootcamp full time.Read Less",thinkful
"Background:I'm a medically out of work person for over five years when my baby sister goes to a bootcamp. She talks me into trying FreeCode Camp and while I saw the value of self study, I knew a program designed by professionals would be a better fit... Read More for me. I prefer remote work because of my physical limitations and Thinkful was a great fit. They gave me support during my trial session, worked with me to get appropriate financing and then helped me stretch and reach further than I thought I could. Thinkful has given me back my ability to be a more productive person, engage in a virtual community with great mentors and fellow students in Slack, Q&amp;A's and my Engineering Nights and Weekends cohort. Because of my Program Manager in Portland, I've gotten out of the house to attend Meet-ups. That is totally not my comfort zone but I felt supported by her and the rest of the team. Don't be stuck-reach out and check the school out-with financing help, mentors, and a lot of other support including job search help for months after your graduate. IN addision, you will always be a part of the community on Slack with the ability to access your online curriculum if you ever need a refresher.Read Less",thinkful
"I started Thinkful's Data Science part-time flex bootcamp about a month ago. As I have worked my way through the curriculum, I have been impressed how every subject builds upon the one before. In such a program where there so many disparate, evolving... Read More subjects, having a fluid transition between subjects has made my journey feel so natural. In addition, the curriculum has been very in-depth and rigorous. Everything I have learned, I have been able to practice and gain a deeper understanding through projects and capstones. Every step of the way, I have had amazing support from my mentor, who is an established Data Scientist. Through our biweekly conversations, he helps me solve any problems I have encountered throughout the curriculum, tests my understand of some of the more challenging concepts, and trains me to think like a Data Scientist. The other part of my support system is my Program Manager. Her enthusiasm and passion for her work and supporting her students really enhances my experience. And last but not least, the monthly dinners where everyone in an area gets together to have dinner, chat, work on projects, or hear a speaker is one of the highlights of the program!Read Less",thinkful
"I've done a little freelance work creating websites in the past. I loved it but wasn't sure how to make my love for web dev turn into an actual career. So, about a year ago, I knew that I needed to take my skills to the next level and began to search... Read More for bootcamps that would not only help sharpen my skills but also help me change careers.I stumbled upon Thinkful and I'm so glad I did.From my initial phone conversation with my mentor, I knew that Thinkful was committed to helping me find a job in the tech industry. They were with me every step of the way from learning basic HTML to accepting a job offer at a tech company in town. Never once did I have to question what their motives were, or if they really wanted to see me get a job in the tech industry. They were committed to seeing me develop as a developer and committed to seeing me change careers.If you're looking for a bootcamp that actually cares about you, Thinkful is the place where you need to be. I highly encourage everyone to give Thinkful a serious look if you're contemplating bootcamps.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has employed great people who really care for your success. I have countless options to go to when I'm stuck, whether it be my mentor, office hours, technical coaches, or even the Thinkful Slack community is a big help! The only okay thing about... Read More this and it's only in the full stack flex program, I feel like It would benefit more people had they put in lots of videos on top of the reading you have to do to better understand the concepts being taught. Other than that I have no complaints, all reading works It's just that If I had the option I would definitely choose to have some videos included. As for the job support, one of the reasons I joined was because I knew they had career services, however, I'm not up to that part of the course yet so I can't really review it at this moment.Read Less",thinkful
"You'll be surprised by how much you'll learn in just a few months following this program. It is challenging and they will keep you accountable on the time you invest in it, but the results speak for themselves. You will struggle no matter your previous... Read More knowledge, but your mentor and program manager don't have an attitude of ""that's good enough, good job "" they will always push you to be your better self.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful is extremely useful for learning to code if you want to learn quickly, but still on your own time. I was paired with a great mentor who has not only helped me with projects in the program, but has also helped me with personal projects and goals... Read More inside of data analytics. I would recommend Thinkful to anyone who is interested in challenging themselves in the technology world!Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently in Thinkful's Full Stack Flex program, and I'm very happy with my decision. I was initially planning on doing a local in-person bootcamp. I wanted the face to face mentorship and the opportunity to have an immediate network of local partners.... Read More I decided to go with Thinkful primarily for two reasons (aside from being able to keep my day job while I learn...):1) Mentorship. I have learned a ton by meeting with my mentor twice a week. And since it is a self-paced program (unlike a structured local bootcamp) I'm not held back by the class when I easily understand a concept, and I'm not rushed past a concept when I am slower to understand it. Also, I have a regional advocate, a project manager, that helps with bigger picture things, and helps support a local community of learners.2) Job guarantee. Although I feel confident that if I put in the work that Thinkful is preparing me to enter the industry, I don't need blind faith. Thinkful is transparent about its outcomes, and reports are released by a third party (CIRR). Basically, if you can graduate, you are extremely likely to find a job. The caveat seems to be that because the barrier to entry is low for Thinkful, a lot of people don't make it through the program (roughly half). I am committed to taking it seriously and putting in the hours, and I am on pace to graduate on time. Even if I can't find work upon graduation (which I don't think will be the case), I am guaranteed my money back.This program is not easy, especially while working a full-time job and being a father of two young children. For background context, I have a B.S. degree in Science, and have been putting in pretty close to the 25 hours a week to keep nicely on pace for the 6-month graduation.Read Less",thinkful
"I’ve always been interested in data science, but with little to no background in CS and already having been out of college and working for several years, I found it a bit daunting to consider making a career change, start a bootcamp and still continue... Read More working at the start time. While it certainly hasn’t been easy, the support Thinkful provided to me through my mentor, the community and the endless number of resources has been wonderful. It’s definitely a lot of work and time management is key to stay on track, but the flexibility of the program has allowed me to adjust my schedule to allow of everything else I have to do outside of the classwork. Meeting with my mentor twice a week helps keep me accountable, while the slack channels and Q&amp;A/workshop sessions are incredible resources to tap into all throughout the week. This program is intense and definitely a big investment of your time and money, but so far for me I’m thrilled I decided to make the jump and am really looking forward to my development as a future data scientist as the program progresses. Would absolutely recommend!Read Less",thinkful
"The curriculum is subpar and barely maintained. The curriculum team rushes content out and it's quite buggy and filled with typos.Many of the mentors/educators here aren't even working professionals. Many of them have attended Thinkful/Bloc and were unsuccessful... Read More in getting a job. As a fallback to increase their job numbers Thinkful has offered them positions as technical support or graders.The company does a lot of number massaging to make their job enrollment rates seem higher than they really are. They don't count many students failing to get jobs and if you're in the 50% of students who don't end up completing the course they, of course, exclude those numbers so their job placement seems higher. You're much better off going with an alternative or using something like FreeCodeCamp. Sincerely,Thinkful MentorRead Less",thinkful
The curriculum is alright even though they rely to much on jQuery instead of vanilla JavaScript. The only complaint I have is that the mentorship they claim to be a big part of their course lacks a lot. The mentors show up late and the one I had had no... Read More idea what I was doing with the course and every time I asked for help I would just get basic short answers that weren't helpful at all.Read Less,thinkful
"I spent a good few weeks researching all the available bootcamps - emailing alum and current students to find out what they thought.With Thinkful - the overriding feedback was that the course was great as long as you were willing to work hard and do what... Read More you need to succeed. Thankfully, that's what I planned to do!What separated Thinkful from the others was that they offered money back if they didn't help land you a role within 6 months of graduating. To me, that spoke highly of how successful they believe themselves to me. They were willing to put their money where their mouth was - again, as long as I played my part!I attended the flex course, which meant I could continue working full time. It worked perfectly for me, and I loved that I was able to meet twice a week with a mentor to help me push through the barriers that slowed me down to allow me to keep on growing.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful was a bit of a leap of faith for me. I had been a self-taught static-vanilla-HTML-CSS developer in my spare time, but would never have labeled myself a “developer” that was for CS degrees, or people with years of experience, I thought. I had... Read More always been interested in coding, but everytime something held me back. The self-driven route was hard and confusing for me. I had the motivation, but knowing where to start, or any stray path I found myself on made me feel like I wasn’t going to get back on track...The difference for me was that Thinkful provided REAL live instructors! I decided this is my best shot at achieving a dream of mine, I’m going to do it. And I’m so glad I did.In retrospect, I was right. The instructors and mentors and TAs, even my own fellow students! They all acted as my “sherpas” so to speak: Teaching me along the way my ascent to the top. Best practices, colloquial terms, idea sharing, patience. That was the cornerstone of my success. Without the ability to learn from real people, I never would have succeeded, I just didn’t have the coding street-smarts so to speak. But I learned them, and I learned them quickly. I got better at asking questions, I got better at being self sufficient, and I got better at coding. I was always a problem-solved, and finally I was working with tools. The change that Thinkul brought to me at a person was priceless. I feel like a new person, and well, in a way, I am! Attending Thinkful makes me feel confident in saying, “I’m a Developer” and I can’t wait to see what I accomplish next!Read Less",thinkful
"I've got about a month left in my bootcamp and I gotta say I've probably learned more in these past few months than I could have alone. The curriculum is really streamlined to give you the most important details and best practices, that otherwise on my... Read More own I would have to spend a bunch of time researching what to actually learn, which is a huge time sink. Especially since I'm doing the part-time program, after working my full time job, I really only have 2-3 hours a day. So every minute is valuable. That being said, the curriculum can't possibly teach you everything, but it's a good starting point to let you branch off and help you know what you should be learning. If you are planning on attending a bootcamp, Thinkful's part time is great choice. But make no mistake, part time doesn't mean half the effort, if you want to do well in the bootcamp and as a web developer in the industry you gotta give 100%.Read Less",thinkful
"Some of the pros for me is being able to schedule times that work for me since my goal was also to continue to work alongside the program. I also really like being paired up with a professional mentor that really can help me narrow down my struggling... Read More points and help me progress through the program. I think the material does a great job of covering up to date topics and complementing projects to go along with the material which can also be used in your personal portfolio when it comes down to applying for your first job. There are also 5 mock interviews which have given me a taste of what a typical interview will feel like and you get personalized feedback so you can work on improving yourself for the real one. One last thing I would personally recommend to anyone out there considering starting the program is making sure you have the time to dedicate to learning, practicing and progressing through the program because it is very easy to fall behind schedule.Read Less",thinkful
"I am more than half way through the full stack flex bootcamp through Thinkful and it has been a great experience so far. The course has progressed through a lot of interesting and useful content in an intuitive way that makes it easier to learn and build... Read More on knowledge. I work full time as a product manager and everyday at work I am able to connect things I’ve learned in the bootcamp to development being done by the software engineers I work with every day. The two mentors I’ve had have been very engaged and always ready to answer questions and help me if I get stuck or just want to learn more. Besides always having a dedicated mentor to help with students through the content, every student also has a designated project manager who helps guide a student through anything administrative and is the go to person for any questions or advice about the course. Even though I’m not done with the course just yet, I have already learned so much and can build out my own full stack web apps now. Besides the basics, Thinkful teaches up and coming topics such as react and node so students are up to date with knowledge. The career management resources are also very helpful and connect work being done in the bootcamp to the overall goal of getting a job in software engineering. I have completed 3 of the mock interviews and with the combination of live coding challenges as well as classic interview behavioral questions they are a great way to practice interviewing as the bootcamp progresses. I have had a great experience so far and am looking forward to getting through the rest of the content and starting a career as a software engineer utilizing all the I have learned through Thinkful both technically and professionally.Read Less",thinkful
"I started Thinkful boot camp about three months ago, while still in college so I can learn and have hands-on experience with ML, AI. So far I have enjoyed my journey a lot, and I find myself talking about this boot camp in interviews a lot more than I... Read More talk about knowledge from my college (cs major). I believe that this is a great sign.Read Less",thinkful
"I am almost three months into the Thinkful Fullstack Flex program and I have to say I am quite impressed. The curriculum is very well structured and provides the right amount of detail. I had only very basic programming skills coming into the bootcamp... Read More and I feel that Thinkful goes at a great pace. Even without any coding experience, I think their materials provide enough fundamental lessons to get you up to speed. The mentor aspect is also very helpful. Whenever I get stuck or just need some explanation on certain syntax, my mentor provides clear explanations with examples to ensure that I truly understand the concepts.Read Less",thinkful
"I took the full stack course but have yet to complete it and have paused it at server side programming...I've finished about 80% of the course work. If I knew then (before signing up) what I know now, here's what I would have done differently. Number... Read More one, I would have taken all the free courses available online or those that are really cheap like ones from Udemy or PluralSight and for sure I would have taken CodeCademy (Pro version - which is only like $30/month...totally worth it). In fact, since pausing my Thinkful I've made use of Code Cademy courses and I've come to understand concepts that were alluding me going through Thinkful. Once you've spent a couple months doing those courses, then sign up for Thinkful. If you're like me (completely average intelligence) you'll be glad you did and your mentor sessions will probably be much more valuable. The Thinkful courses (online material) are really not that great; I've used many others and most are better quite frankly. They have a way of explaining concepts poorly which I know because later I would find other materials online and would think ""Why didn't Thinkful just explain it that way?"" But what you're paying the 9k for is the mentor sessions. That's where, if you're using those 2 hours a week well, then it's all probably worth it. The problem I had, is that sometimes I had difficulty understanding mentor (accents and slow data connections from far away lands make for garbled audio) and would run out of questions to ask. Often it was that I didn't know enough to have enough questions to ask, if that makes sense. For me, too much of the mentor time was not profitable and I believe had I had a much better foundation going in, those times would have been more valuable.Lastly I would say that you really need to be honest with how quickly you are able to learn new concepts. Thinkful moves QUICK. After a couple weeks in, I found that it was going too fast for me. I didn't fully understand the concepts being taught, but the course moves along to the next concept and it's assumed that you have pretty much mastered the prior one which the subsequent ones will build on. So if you're a 'quick study', above average IQ then it will be hard but you'll do fine if you put in the work. If you're more like me, I definitely suggest you get a foundation in web development before joining Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"Although Thinkful does teach a decent amount about web development, the careers portion is sub-optimal. They say that even if you are located in a city outside of one of their job guarantee cities, they will treat you ""equally"" to everyone else when in... Read More fact they seriously prioritize others. When I had to contact my counselors for support they either took forever to get back to me or they provided a job or two with missing links or job descriptions. I recommend staying away from this boot camp because they don't treat everyone fairly.Read Less",thinkful
"As a student currently enrolled in the Full Stack Flex program offered from Thinkful, I would 100% recommend enrolling in one of their courses, should you be serious and devoted about perhaps becoming a software developer. The curriculum is solid and... Read More my knowledge of computer coding has gone from being able to manipulate user interfaces very well, to now creating said user interfaces and understanding the technical side, and so much more. I have yet to use their job assistance, but i imagine it will far exceed my expectations, the same way everything else in the program so far has. P.S *It’s intended to be a six month course, I’m only able to select a single day when publishing this review.*Read Less",thinkful
"I was looking for a Data Science bootcamp because I wanted to be more competitive in the job market and learn some new professional skills. After some research, I chose Thinkful. Difficult course with a very well-written curriculum, although there were... Read More one or two missing techniques I thought should have been in the curriculum as standard. For me, the best things about the course were the mentoring and the careers support. I also met a lot of fellow Thinkful students in my local area to network with. About a month after finishing the course, I got hired as a Data Scientist. All in all, it's been well worth the investment.Read Less",thinkful
"The pros: this program helps you to learn the material needed for a real job in the real world. It has a very rigorous and thorough curriculum that follows up on you with mentor sessions and frequent check-ins with your program manager. The cons: if you... Read More slack off, you can fall behind graduation schedule very quickly. Since I haven't graduated yet, I have yet to know whether their program is going to succeed with placing me in a job or not.Read Less",thinkful
"I took on this course with very little programming experience and left with a breadth of knowledge beyond what I could have imagined. The program covers a ton of information and does a good job diving deeper into certain topics. My one piece of advice... Read More to future students would be to make sure your schedule will accommodate the amount of work that this course requires. While 25 hrs/week is what is supposed to be allotted for the course, there is such an intense amount of material to cover that the more time you have available the better. If you are taking this course part-time be sure to recognize when to draw the line with certain projects because it is easy to get caught up in one and find yourself falling behind. Other than that, this was the best decision I have made for my career. I had the best mentor imaginable. He was extremely knowledgeable and all in all a great guy to work with. I truly enjoyed our bi-weekly meet ups and wouldn't have the skill set I have today without him. I am very grateful to have had this experience with my mentor and the Thinkful program and look forward to continuing a career in data!Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has been a great course so far! I am about 2 months in, and have really gotten into the flow of the course. I chose Thinkful because I wanted a course that I could complete without actually having to show up to a physical classroom. The great... Read More thing is that you still get a massive amount of support. Between mentor meetings, classroom hours, and the community of students, I never feel overwhelmed or stuck. There is always somebody who can lend a hand and give insight to a problem. I tried learning all of this on my own before, but quickly got overwhelmed with the mass amount of technologies and information that is out there. Thinkful lays it all out for you, so that you can focus on learning the skills in an organized, efficient way.Read Less",thinkful
"SInce I am new to the industry it has been a little difficult to get the ball rolling sort of speak. I have found that an online program has been my best option. Thinkful's Data Science Bootcamp is a heavy and intensive program to get done in a short... Read More 6 months period of time. Thankfully though there are lots of opportunities to ask questions, attend events, and also get technical coaching when you are stuck. These opportunities are there around the clock. I have completed about half the program and still energized to finish. The pre-screening is important to finding your why to continue and your program manager is there to help keep you motivated as well. Data Science is constantly changing so there are consistant changes in the curriculum to stay current with technology outlooks. Instructors are helpful in keeping up with the trends as they are from all over the world.Read Less",thinkful
"SInce I am new to the industry it has been a little difficult to get the ball rolling sort of speak. I have found that an online program has been my best option. Thinkful's Data Science Bootcamp is a heavy and intensive program to get done in a short... Read More 6 months period of time. Thankfully though there are lots of opportunities to ask questions, attend events, and also get technical coaching when you are stuck. These opportunities are there around the clock. I have completed about half the program and still energized to finish. The pre-screening is important to finding your why to continue and your program manager is there to help keep you motivated as well. Data Science is constantly changing so there are consistant changes in the curriculum to stay current with technology outlooks. Instructors are helpful in keeping up with the trends as they are from all over the world.Read Less",thinkful
"I got my undergrad in Computer Science and thought jobs would be thrown at me. I was wrong. Though I did have a lot of programming knowledge, I didn't have much of a portfolio or know much about what people in the industry use now. I decided to take the... Read More Data Science course at Thinkful while I drove for lyft. Everything is different now. I have two great jobs, although I don't need both, I enjoy them. I am a Software Engineer / Data Analyst at a great company and also a teaching assistant at a data science certificate program at UCSD. So, for the course... I don't want to sugar coat it, this course is hard. I spent many many hours going through this course and had many pitfalls and struggles. That being said, I am glad I did. I was lucky to have a great mentor, Mike, who was knowledgable and encouraging to help me through the course. The data science course I TA for now is a class of 30+ students with only 1 instructor and 2 TAs, although it is a good course, I am very thankful I went with Thinkful and had the 1on1 support. Being able to go through it on my own time and having 1on1 time to ask questions was terrific. By the time I was 3/4 of the way through the course I felt confident enough to do work as a data scientist and talk about the complexities of it. I would strongly reccomend this course to anybody who wants to learn a lot and has the time for it. I want to stress that last part. You need to put aside lots of time for this course. That being said, if you do have the time you will come out very happy you took the course.Also, clarrification on the starts. Overall was great, super glad I took the course. Instructors were better than expected, really happy with them. Cirriculum gets 4 stars because some small exercises have you find a data set to work with (which is cool because you get to work with something that interests you) but I really think the course should offer datasets it thinks would be appropriate for the exercise. And Job Assistance gets 4 stars because I really didn't have to use it much. But hey, this course changed my life so I would definitely reccomend it.Read Less",thinkful
I have been learning with Thinkful for the past three months and it has been amazing. I was nervous first starting because I havent wrote any code in over ten years. But with your mentor and program manager always there to help there is nothing to worry... Read More about. The community itself is great and with the slack channel you can get help around the clock. Making the decsion to study with Thinkful is one of the best ones I have ever made.Read Less,thinkful
"Disclaimer: My Job Assistance review on this program is based solely off of one career coach and their knowledge of the industry and individual follow-up. I was able to land a job about a week or so after graduating, therefore, my experience with Job... Read More Assistance was very minimal.What shined:- The curriculum was straight forward and the lessons explained concepts well throughout the course. - The two instructors and two program managers I had during my program were amazing. Extremely well versed in the content, patient, and helpful throughout the curriculum. What needed help:- I was paired with a instructor in the beginning who seemed educated on the topics but had a very heavy accent and did not seem to be patient with me. It was a very small bump in the road but I eventually switched to another instructor and it was extremely smooth sailing moving forward.- Learning can be somewhat difficult at times since it was solely reading and completing examples. For those who work better visually might rely heavily on their instructor and possibly outside resources.My Take:If i had to choose a program again, it would most definitely still be this Thinkful Full Stack Flex program. My mentors/instructors were amazing and the curriculum and outline was very clear cut and helped me with my style of learning. My advice for anyone enrolling in this program would be to definitely find chemistry with your instructors, because mine was instrumental in how successful I was in the program.Read Less",thinkful
"I'm a current student in Thinkful's Full Stack Flex program (over half-way through) and I am so happy I made the investment for my upcoming career change. There's a lot to say about the program and Thinkful as a whole, so I'll break it down into sections... Read More for readability. (tl:dr - it's a fantastic program with outstanding support and you get out of it what you put in.)Program - MaterialsLike other reviews have said, Thinkful's program is broken down into a series of article-like sections with numerous chapters. They aren't articles in tone, but more in the structure of how information is broken up into easily digestible sections interspersed with drills to accompany the concepts as you learn. The chapters walk you through how to identify, then approach, and then tackle coding concepts, and usually end with an assignment that they estimate should take around an hour (or sometimes more) to complete. These assignments are where things get fun, because they like to add bonus challenges into them in the form of introducing a new concept early (alongside the concept(s) you just learned in the chapter) that you'll learn to tackle via Googling, help with your mentor, or help during office hours, to gain real experience in terms of how it is to be a programmer on-the-job. After you complete an assignment, you can go over it for a code review with your mentor. The big assignments will always be code reviewed by a member of the dev grading team, who will always provide specific and detailed feedback, which has helped me immensely.The only aspect of Thinkful's curriculum that leaves me wanting is the lack of video content. I sometimes wish harder concepts had video walk-throughs to help solidify information, so I've found myself turning to YouTube once or twice to help my understanding in between mentor meetings.Program - PacingAs many reviewers have noted, Full Stack Flex is a self-paced program, with a deadline. If you approach this structure less like your're hopping in and doing some assignments when you feel like it, and more like you're taking a real structured course (because you are!) then you will do fine. Thinkful's goal is for you to get through the program in 6 months, which they say is doable if you dedicate around 20 hours per week to it. I've been lucky enough to dedicate around 30 hours per week to the program, and I am well over a month ahead in the program. I choose this route because I wanted to be in and out of the program in less than six months and the team you learn under is very accommodating to help you do so if you wish. The other great thing about this is if you can zoom through some subjects (like HTML and CSS) but need more time with others (like React, for me) you can slow the pace down a bit and still complete on time. 6 months is VERY reasonable for this program.Your progress and position in the program are also tracked by your program manager, your mentor, on two areas on your personal Thinkful dashboard. In addition to this, you're also given a spreadsheet at the start of your program that tells you exactly when you need to meet deadlines. And it doesn't just outline big deadlines like capstone projects or tests, but shows you when you should complete each and every section to stay on track. Support - MentorshipDuring the program, you get to have (and must have) 2 meetings per week with your mentor.I've worked with two mentors with Thinkful. One I had when I elected to take the fundamentals pre-course, and one for the Full Stack Flex program itself. Both of my mentors are outstanding, and I still reach out to my first mentor if I have a quick question or want to share a highlight of my progress. The mentors I've worked with are not only knowledgable but are highly experienced. My current mentor always helps me understand issues I'm facing and also offers to pair program with me on assignments, which not only helps understanding, but shows what it's like to pair program in a job.Support - Program ManagerThinkful is outstanding in that a good chunk of their program managers have been devs or have gone through the program itself, so they know exactly what you're going through and they have realistic expectations when it comes to meeting deadlines or how long it may take you to learn different things. They are the ones that make sure you're meeting or exceeding deadlines.Career Services Before you're even half-way through, you will get to work with the career services team. They help you identify how to build a strong portfolio and build soft skills and networking skills, including attending events, connecting with professionals, and doing networking outreach. Throughout the course, you will also have evaluations in the form of mock interviews, where the test-administrator (always an industry professional) will interview you just like they would at a job, including soft-skill questions and live coding challenges. Having gone through a handful of these, I already feel prepared to interview for front-end positions confidently and I'm only over half-way through the program. They also help you find where to apply, and industry professionals often come to Thinkful meetups to present and get to know students.Bottom line:In my experience: can you get the concepts and information presented by Thinkful elsewhere like on blogs/articles/videos? Yes.But I choose to pay and dedicate time to the program because they show you not only what you need to learn, but in the most optimized order to do it in, and the access to real devs and engineers along with detailed code reviews and career counseling is very, very worth it to me. Not to mention their curriculum quickly adapts to industry changes (I went from learning css 'hacks' for layouts one week to learning the new flex layout the next when it changed in the 'real world'), which was a huge concern of mine after trying to learn on my own with outdated materials.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful is a great route for anyone looking to get into the field. A realistic experience with working remotely and managing my own time - the curriculum has a schedule that gives a simulated workflow demand, yet gives time to (most importantly) learn... Read More to learn on-the-fly; which includes reaching out to the extensive Slack channel(s) and attending local tech events. It's a school(you get out what you put in) yet it eliminates a lot of roadblocks and reasons to stop. Realistically, I think some people may need a classic classroom environment, but for anyone looking for a learning community, Thinkful is the way to go. I would recommend!Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently enrolled in Thinkful. This program is a complete joke. The curriculum is just a few articles and drills. You have a ""mentor"" who is supposed to answer questions and help you along the way. My mentor regularly just tells me to google things.... Read More They claim that is the best way to learn. If all I'm doing is googling then why pay them $10,000? I tried to talk to my program manager who was very unhelpful also. I have been very displeased with this program from day 1. They label themselves as self paced but in fact they have a schedule they want you to keep to and you HAVE TO have two meetings a week with your mentor. If you don't finish the program in 6 months you don't the job guarantee so I feel so much pressure to finish on time, when all I wanted was to be able to work at my own pace. Would not recommend this to anyone. You're better off googling and taking free courses online.Read Less",thinkful
"When I was first looking for a coding program I made sure to look for one that would not only provide me with strong technical skills but also one that would provide guidance with my soft skills. Moreover, I’m happy to say that Thinkful has provided just... Read More exactly the right balance of these two areas(technical and soft skills). The thorough curriculum sets a solid foundation for the technical coding skills. Additionally, the mock interview sessions are vital for providing feedback for your soft skills. There is also the slack community and the office hour sessions which are available outside of the bi-weekly mentor sessions. I truly am happy to have begun my coding journey with Thinkful and would recommend it to anyone looking to make a serious move into a field involving coding or web development.Read Less",thinkful
"If you are looking for a coding bootcamp to start a career in the technology field, I personally recommend Thinkful. Their curriculum is well-designed and suitable for anyone (ranging from no experience to little experience with programming and coding).... Read More They have caring program managers and mentors who genuinely want you to succeed. Know that while you are investing in Thinkful, Thinkful is also investing in you. If you ever get stuck on any coding challenges or capstone projects, there are office hours you can attend for extra help. The mock interviews are also designed to prepare you for real interviews in the future, they give honest feedback not to put you down but hoping you can become a better programmer. I truly think Thinkful is a program living out it's mission statements and promises to students.Read Less",thinkful
I looked around the coding school landscape and found that Thinkful was perfect for me. I took on the Full Time Engineering Immersion 5 month program. I had an incredible senior developer mentor who genuinely cared about my career and progress. I found... Read More the teachers to be highly skilled in their fields and patient with new learners. The curriculum was very challenging and very current. Upon graduating my new skill set was highly sought after. I am continuing to work with Thinkful as I enter the job search until I am hired. I found that the entire Thinkful organization cares about the student success.Read Less,thinkful
"Overall, I felt like the curriculum was really strong, and it had enough information and outside resources to go from really not knowing anything about these topics, to being comfortable writing in python, comfortable with sql, using machine learning... Read More techniques, statistics and probability, and feeling confident that I can learn what I still need to either by myself or using resources I've learned about. I think an important aspect of any sort of educational program is that you really get what you put into it - it is possible to just learn the material enough to pass to the next step, but it's up to you to really understand the material, ask questions if it's unclear, and seek out additional help if needed. That said, having a mentor to help with challenging topics and to hold me accountable to meeting deadlines was invaluable - for me, that accountability was the main motivation of attending a coding bootcamp at all, and I really can't understate how useful that was. Sometimes I struggled to meet deadlines and to dedicate the full amount of time required to the program each week, because I work full time (usually 45+ hours a week) and have other outside responsibilities, but I feel like if I was able to do it with my work schedule, then anyone with 1 job or less could, too. Finally, the local Thinkful community is a huge asset to the program - the program manager and other students in my area have been really supportive and encouraging. Even though the program was online, being able to connect with other students in person at dinners and events was a really positive experience.Currently, I am in the process of job seeking, after completing the program about three weeks ago. The career services so far have been incredibly helpful and encouraging, giving useful tips and information, and being readily available for any questions I have.Read Less",thinkful
"I started Thinkful with very little coding experience or knowledge, but with a real desire to change careers and learn something challenging. What I found through their program was a helpful community here in Phoenix, a fun, personable, experienced mentor... Read More and easy to follow curriculum. I was hired weeks after graduation and love my job. I received feedback from several of the companies who interviewed me during my job search that they liked that I had project based experience from my time at Thinkful. And now that I have worked in this industry on a dev team for several months, I can confidently say that the process of creating my own apps from scratch definitely prepared me for the real world of development. I recommend Thinkful to friends and colleagues and am incredibly grateful that I had the opportunity to be a Thinkful student.Read Less",thinkful
I liked tackling the curriculum in coding pairs with mentors ready to jump into our session to answer any questions we couldn't answer for each other. It's a great way to break apart and digest advanced concepts.,thinkful
"I am a current student at Thinkful Full-stack flex program, and I can honestly say that I've never enjoyed learning as much as I have with this program... granted, I wasn't the most eager student growing up. I fell into web development just like most... Read More stories you'll hear, it just sort of happened and the timing couldn't have been better. So to give you a quick but hopefully helpful summary, keep on reading. If you enjoy skipping to the end of the book... I HIGHLY RECOMMEND ATTENDING THINKFUL CODING BOOTCAMP, it's an excellent, well-thought-out program and (here's the catch) as long as YOU put in the work, you can get so much out of this course. ****side note: if you want to follow along in my journey, subscribe to my youtube channel at: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2Rgy6MBNl2M2fLgNpa2ohw?view_as=subscriber **********And now for the full review, based on my personal experience: starting point: a few months of self-taught code. (HTML, CSS, some JavaScript) (FreeCodeCamp, CodeCademy, Youtube)end goal: to become a front-end developer to work closely with designers to turn their skills into functionality; and to be knowledgeable in full-stack, so to build better work relationships and conversations with all departments, especially those affected by a project (directly or indirectly)Pros: 1. Q&amp;A, Q&amp;A, Q&amp;A, Q&amp;A, Q&amp;A!!!! there are ongoing info sessions touching all topics of all levels. This means you can hop onto a live chat with an experienced coder at virtually any time. This will help you advance faster, as you don't have to ""wait until the next class or your next scheduled mentor session"". These sessions are key to building a community of other coders who are often at the same level as you or are willing to learn from you and/or help teach you. The experienced developers are motivated, and willing to either help you get unstuck or help guide you in the right direction, so you can figure out how to 'unstuck' yourself. The experienced developers are also very eager to help you outside of the suggested Q&amp;A time. I recommend attending as many as you can. The live Q&amp;A sessions are soo, extremely helpful and make Thinkful's coding bootcamp truly unique and worth it.2. One-on-one mentors. You will get paired with a mentor, which is undeniably one of the best features a bootcamp can offer. In my opinion, this is a valuable one-on-one time that you wouldn't get at an on-campus bootcamp, as I feel like other students would be fighting to meet with the teachers after classes. The mentor sessions allow you to gather your questions (big or small) and spend as much or as little time as you'd like on that particular question until you're sure you've understood it. Your mentors are also very friendly and are motivated and willing and eager to help you out. You can ask them anything from debugging your code to what life of a developer is like to career advice. Take advantage of your time with your mentors - they're there for you!3. Program managers! Omg this is so incredibly helpful. They're your ""big brothers"", your ""annoying parents that care about your success"", and your ""middle school principal that, despite only seeing them occasionally in the hallways, somehow knew that you weren't paying attention in class"". You don't meet with them that often but it's a scheduled time APART from your time with your mentors and lessons, that is dedicated to your success and progress. Be honest with them, as they are also there to help you succeed, they genuinely want you to do well, and they will work with you!4. The curriculum - wow I still don't know how someone had the patience and the knowledge to plan each lesson of the program, including everything from the layout to the challenges, to the big projects. It is an easy-to-follow curriciulum that guides you smoothly from one task to another. Each section is balanced between readings, challenges, quizzes, and reviews. So far, I see it as a fail-proof way to learn5. The flow - What do I mean by this? The natural flow of the program, and the 'speed' in which you are guaranteed to move through the lessons, prepare for interviews, look for jobs, and become developers. It really is incredible. Just remember, you MUST put in the time and the effort6. It's online. You can spend the next six months in pajamas or your birthday suit if you wish ( just make sure to dress appropriately during your live video sessions!) Also, if you have the chance, TRAVEL TRAVEL TRAVEL, take advantage of this time in your life and take the course on the beach in the Bahamas, because why not? Cons 1. money, money, money - must be funny, in a rich man's world (sorry, big fan of ABBA here). So here's the thing: money is obviously the biggest deciding factor, as it is a great chunk of money that you're putting into the program, but here's the most important thing I can say - if you believe this is something that you truly want to perceive, then consider the cost as an INVESTMENT. It's an investment to yourself, an investment to your future, to your skillset, to your bank (let's be real, if you do this right, you should eventually be finding a job that will allow a growing salary with time). So again, if you're serious about attending, invest in yourself - even if it means working one more year at that crappy job and having to deal with your crappy boss ... just one. more. year. Save up and do it. (this is coming from someone who currently has - no joke - $122 in her bank account and moved back in with her parents at the age of almost 30. 2. time - listen, guys, I'm gonna repeat myself but this is an INVESTMENT. If you are serious about this, you have to make sure to COMMIT fully to this program. If you know you have something that will be distracting in the next 6 months, then postpone but make sure you make this your priority. 3. Sometimes you just have to find your learning groove and that may take some time. This course is not something to take lightly and studying should be your top priority. Just like the others, this isn't really a con, it's just a matter of taking the time of figuring out what it is YOU want. FINAL THOUGHTS: spend time getting to know your goals and level of commitment, once YOU'RE ready, sign up for Thinkful coding bootcamp, once you're signed up and ready to go just hit the floor running and enjoy every minute, every missed semi-colon of frustration, and every new online-friendship you get, because it truly is a POSITIVE life-changing experience.Read Less",thinkful
"What initially drew to me to Thinkful was the various concentrations I could choose from in the Data Science course. Compared to other programs I looked at, they had the most variety. For reference my interest is in Biological Physics and they offer a... Read More Bio-statistics concentration. What keeps me at Thinkful is another story. At first i thought no face to face meetings or classes would be a drag but between my two weekly 45-60 minute sessions with my mentor I get to ask any questions that cross my mind. They can be about Data Science, the curriculum, or anything I ran across. My mentor is probably my favorite part of the program. They're invaluable in terms of their knowledge, work experience and their desire to teach. I honestly couldn't ask for a better mentor. She has a PhD, runs her own labs, does research, consults for firms... If I have a question my mentor knows the answer or can point me in the direction.In addition to my mentor, my program manager checks on me weekly and between her and the Student Success team I can reach out for any other issues i may have during my course. They were even available when I felt overwhelmed by some deadlines due to constraints from my job. These people really care and are invested in my success and I appreciate the support from every direction. The minute I reach out to one of them, instantly they're all aware and everyone reaches out to me with advice. Can't ask for more.The other benefits are the lectures other mentors, students and contributors post on your main Thinkful page. These can cover topics from mathematics, AI, Web design etc... If you're serious about becoming a programmer you need to learn some basics and have some general knowledge about different topics related to your work. For an interdisciplinary field such as this, these ""office hour"" lectures are very useful.This is a great program and you will definitely be joining a community dedicated to your success and learning above all.Read Less",thinkful
"Things that I love about this camp:-5 Unique Capstone ProjectsWhat I like most about these projects are that you are able to select which data sets to analyze. You have complete freedom to take your analysis in whichever direction you'd like. Thinkful... Read More does a really good job of letting you get creative so you can stand out from others while also holding your work to a really high standard of quality. My mentor has been nothing short of fantastic and has been pushin me on all of my projects to go above and beyong what I originally intended.-Mentor Sessions/WorkshopsThe Mentor sessions are great. You can ask you mentor any questions about your code, resume, careers, and really develop under their guidance. It's a great opportunity to build a relationship with someone who could be a reference for you later on in your job search.If you ever run into issues, there are a ton of workshops hosted by the other mentors during the week where you can come with questions. It's kind of like going to office hours for a TA/Professor back in college.I gave the curriculum a 4 solely because you do need to be very self-motivated to find answers on your own. Though you have access to tons of material, there honestly isn't a ""perfect curriculum"" that can address all of the skills you need to make your projects progress. The curriculum is not cookie cutter at all and does a great job providing a scaffolding for your success. The statistics course has room for improvement and I would suggest taking a supplemental stats course along with what Thinkful provides(there are literally tons on the internet that will do)-Really supportive community and curriculum eases the learning curve(A BIT)The curriculum is created so that first timers can succeed and does a great job simplifying concepts. I have 0 programming background prior to this camp but I really never felt my lack of programming knowledge was a hindrance but the learning curve is really steep. We also have a slack channel where all students can post/answer questions and issues. We also have different meetups as well!Read Less",thinkful
"I started this program with broken promises. Before enrolling the school GUARANTEED A FULL TIME JOB OR A FULL REFUND. None of it has happened. The first month was great the easy stuff. The months moving forward I was assigned about 7 different mentors.... Read More Reasons being they did not know javascript or they would direct me to google. A lot of times the mentors would complain about the low rate of pay. The Q &amp; A sessions offered are even worse, the mentors pick and choose who they want to work with. If they didn't like you or if you did not meet a certain requirement they would again point you to google or say they don't know the subject matter. About 75 % of the Q &amp; A's I registered for were cancelled, no reason was given. The curriculum is dated and old it is a lot of reading and more reading. The mentors are not experienced at all. They just come to collect a paycheck and update their skills on the expense of the students. The school does not monitor the mentor sessions or the Q &amp; A sessions which are just a waste of time. The slack channel your questions will go unanswered or if they answer it they will shame you and point you to an article on how to ask questions. I was not a professional programmer I was a student looking to learn. This program is not designed for students to be successful. Not a single assignment was graded or was any feedback given. I was given a pacing guide on month 8 of the program.  The statics show a 98% success rate which makes sense. If you go above the 6 months they will forcefully withdraw you to keep the data looking good. Save yourself the time and money go buy the same course on udemy for $10 bucks. Employers do not look at education they look what can you build. The stuff learned here I was not even able to get a UNPAID internship.Read Less",thinkful
"Very interesting course that covers a lot of ground. Excellent place to test your abilities and push yourself farther than you had before. I came in to the course with some knowledge of C#, Ruby, and JS. This course pushed me to complete projects and... Read More then improve and make them professional looking. The mentors are a nice bonus but not as valuable as the reviews and practice interviews which will test your mettle and reveal your weaknesses. If you can afford it and have some experience and are looking to get serious about web development, give it a try.Read Less",thinkful
"I have to say that I am enjoying my experience thus far with Thinkful. Not only is the course material challenging (in a good way) but it is relevant to what you expect.  This program doesn’t come without its hiccups but they recover from it quickly.... Read More I had a mentor, who was great, that didn’t show up to the assigned meetings. I notified my program manager and not only did they fix it within hours, they credited me any time missed. The whole team was fantastic. I got a new mentor and plugged away without missing a beat.I am beyond extremely satisfied with my experience so far!I encourage those to seek out Thinkful for their Data Science needs!Read Less",thinkful
"Hi all! Im a Data Science student with Thinkful. It's been about two months since I started the program. It's been a great experience overall.The application process was straightforward. My first contact with Thinkful was at a workshop for interested... Read More applicants. I had some great conversations with the people I encountered that day. They gave me access to a two week free-trial of the course. I then formally applied, had a phone interview and was admitted for the fundamentals course.The course has been a great match for my background, while still being challenging. I have experience as an accountant in the film industry. I had coding experience with excel and was losely acquainted with Python through some Edx courses I attempted before Thinkful. The reason why I joined is that I wanted an actual commitment, which I didn't feel toward free online courses. The first parts of the fundamentals course were a bit of a steep curve on the programming side, for me. But after I became used to the basics, everything else fell into place gradually. I had more knowledge of statistics/math than programming, so take that into consideration. Ive done great advancements and am excited for the next part of the program. Im currently finishing my capstone report for the fundamentals course and Im impressed at how much I accomplished in just this past month. There's an active Thinkful community in LA. I've been going to several gatherings organized by Thinkful for its students. They are aprox every other week. I've met some awesome people there and learned stuff as well, since they all have discussions or presentations. My favorite was a ""Sunday Brunch and Mimosas at the Park"" in West Hollywood :). My mentor really makes a difference. I meet with a mentor online twice a week for 45min per session. Thinkful has its own videocall system where you can share your screen with your mentor while calling. Then I write code and follow his suggestions for improvements, etc.I would recommend.Read Less",thinkful
"I still have a ways to go, as I am in the middle of my first capstone project, but so far so good. I contemplated enrolling in this program for several months before I actually decided to go through with it. I am very happy with my decision and wish I... Read More made it earlier! Web development always interested me but it was a little intimidating. However, what I have learned throughout life so far has taught me to not shy away from things that might seem intimidating. Ultimately, it is these things that help you grow as a person. Thinkful does a great job at making the task of learning web development feel more comforting than intimidating. They offer an abundance of resources - wether it be your weekly mentor sessions, Q&amp;A sessions, or the Thinkful slack community. Honestly, I probably could take way more advantage of those last two that I mentioned. The fact that they are even an option though is helpful enough to ease the potential stress of learning this difficult topic. They truly want you to succeed and offer you enough resources that if you have the desire to learn and put in the work, it should be somewhat smooth sailing. Life is all about the journey or the process. I believe Thinkful has this in mind when developing its curriculum.Read Less",thinkful
"I was in between a few different bootcamps that offer part time and I am really glad that I went with thinkful! Having your own personal mentor is really nice so you get your 1on1 time where you're free to ask any questions that you have (even if you... Read More feel like they're not significant, you can sit at pick at each others brains!).Read Less",thinkful
In short I was directed to thinkful by another coding camp that was going out of business and that’s saying something while I’m still a student the curriculum I’m learning is up to date with what the industry is searching for I have witnessed several... Read More alumni and the mentor ship is cool as well giving you the backing you need when the going gets tough I would definitely recommend this camp to anyone wanting to put in the work and learn something that will change your life !!Read Less,thinkful
"I'm currently enrolled in the Full Stack Flex Bootcamp and I'm very much enjoying the process. It's tough so far, but it's been a great experience with my Mentor, Program Manager, and all the other enrolled students in the Slack groups. I always feel... Read More like I have support through the process (even late at night or early in the mornings, someone's in the Slack just like me) and I can always bounce off code or issues with my classmates. My mentor has been great, he's always available for a video/screen share and when I've been battling with something he helps me see where the issue came from but also reframes the problem and potential solutions in ways that make sense.I'm excited to keep working away at my course and would highly recommend this course, and Thinkful, to anyone looking to extend their knowledge or make a full pivot into something else (like I am).Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently enrolled in the Thinkful Data Science program. I am looking to make a career change, and researched many bootcamps before choosing Thinkful. The reason I went with Thinkful is that they have a great network of graduates, and the course... Read More is not disappointing! The course is exceptional, the mentors are fantastic, and the job placement is fantastic.My mentor is extremely knowledgable in Data Science, and is working on his own projects, which make the class exciting and relatable to real world applications. The program managers are constantly offering field trips and networking opportunities to connect you with the local tech community, not to mention providing invaluable consulting time. Could not recommend this course enough!Read Less",thinkful
"I carefully considered several boot camps before deciding to go with Thinkful. I had narrowed it down to my favorite two and then when I looked at the curriculum offered by both, there was no comparison to Thinkful. I have enjoyed being enrolled and I... Read More have found many employers to be excited to hire a boot camp grad (this was one of my hesitations with doing a boot camp). My mentors have been awesome and my program manager has checked up on me to make sure I am enjoying the experience. To be honest, I didn't expect much from an online boot camp, but Thinkful has blown away all my expectations. I would recommend Thinkul to anyone who is considering a transition into software engineering.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has provided me with great resources to be successful in this program. I was able to complete the 6 month program in 4 months by working on it full time. A few things that I wish I had been prepared for were to do some additional learning and... Read More research on my own to discover new things, and to reach out for help much earlier and more often. I found myself scrambling to work on things on my own, and once I owned up to the fact that I needed help and asked for it, I was able to learn and do so much more. Some of the curriculum is slightly dated (for example deploying to heroku, rather than another deployment site), based on the jobs I'm applying to, but there are plenty of external resources and other thinkful mentors and students to get help from. If you're coming from a completely different background, like I did, be prepared for a steep learning curve.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently a student of the Thinkful Full Stack Flex curriculum. The coursework is online and allows me to study when I get home from work in the afternoons. I have been assigned a mentor, and I meet with him twice a week. My mentor is excellent.... Read More He has answered thousands of questions that I have regarding the coursework as well as the industry in general. He has managed to keep me on task and has given me a timeline to help guide my completion of my capstone projects. It's one thing to have an online course to study material, it's another thing to have someone successful guide you along and explain what is important. This course has definitely been excellent.Read Less",thinkful
"I'm a little over a month in, and I have nothing but positive experiences to share about the Thinkful DS bootcamp. The material in my opinion is quite thorough and links are almost always provided to supplemental information. Also since there is so much... Read More content on the web, I find myself google searching some topics to learn even more. I was able to start the prep course while unemployed so I am a little ahead of schedule. If you have a job and are enrolled, I will say it does require a lot of work and time commitment. Now that I have a job (in my previous field), I find myself spending the entire evenings working on assignments or learning new material. One of my favorite parts about Thinkful is the abundant amount of resources available for students. There are tons of webinars every day, slack channels, mentor sessions of course and local meetups. There is no reason not to get integrated in the community because it is an excellent way to chat with both current and former students and learn about their experiences . It's also nice knowing you're not doing this alone and that there are many others in your same position.Read Less",thinkful
"I've just completed my first month in the Fullstack Flex program. It's been a great experience and the amount of knowledge presented has exceeded my expectations. Besides their own course materials, which is extensive, they provide additional resources... Read More throughout each unit. Some of these resources have become my favorite websites to frequent.Even though it's flexible and go your own pace, there is just enough structure to keep you focused, disciplined, and motivated. I've tried some other tutorials and self study web programs, but the difference maker with Thinkful is the industry wide support staff.The mentors I've been assigned are experienced and very motivated to help you succeed. They provide a nice balance to the solo course work. There are a variety of Q&amp;A sessions available at nearly all hours of the day and a very active Slack channel which is to say you always have support from staff and students.Read Less",thinkful
"I am 2/3rds of the way through the course and it really is/has been a great experience! The support from my program manager and my mentor is vital and they are both reachable and helpful. The coursework itself is informative and challenging, causing me... Read More to really want to work harder and get things done. The ""go-at-your-own-pace"" structure to the course also incites me to want to get as much work done as possible. Absolutely will (and have been) recommend Thinkful to friends!Read Less",thinkful
"Overall, I have enjoyed Thinkful so far. I've been a student for a couple of months and have found the course material valuable. The curriculum is very heavy in reading so I think it's worth considering how you learn and whether or not that feels like... Read More the right style for you. With that said, it does provide a good outline of topics for you to go research on your own and then you can use the curriculum as supplemental.The Q&amp;A sessions, along with the Workshops, are very helpful. I think this is what sets Thinkful apart from just going off and learning on your own. It's game-changing to have a person you can ask questions to, and with Thinkful, you also get a one-on-one mentor. I had two mentors who didn't show when they said they would on a few occasions so it started out rough but Thinkful was accommodating and extended my graduation date due to the mentor absences. I'm now paired with a great mentor who has helped me a lot. I would recommend Thinkful to somebody considering it but would caution them to consider what learning style is best for them. I do think anybody could be successful with Thinkful, however; the human element really helps to get you through difficult learning curves.Read Less",thinkful
"I have been doing Full Stack Flexible program at Thinkful for almost three months now and I have learned so many things. One of many things I like about Thinkful is their on going/live Q&amp;A lead instructor sessions. Through out the day and night there... Read More are available sessions where students can join and as questions or get help with their capstone projects. Another point I like that makes Thinkful special is their weekly mentors. I meet with my mentor whose really knowledgeable and knows how to teach, twice a week. We go over examples but pretty much they can answer those difficult questions that you can't find in your own or need further explanation. I also appreciate having the slack group but want makes it special is those local groups where students can get together for activities or study groups. Over all, I am glad I joined them !Read Less",thinkful
"I wanted to find a flexible bootcamp where I can learn all the necessary things to begin my journey as a web developer. I looked around a few places and landed on Thinkful. I talked with a representative to see what the program would be like. Most of... Read More the program aligned well with my own life schedule and that was great.From the get go I really enjoyed Thinkful. Their are various slack channels to join and some of them are very active. I am in the slack channel for Houston,Tx which sets up various events for students to participate. The 1 on 1 sessions are honestly amazing as we get to be close to a professional programmer and can ask all sorts of question. I also love the various Q&amp;A sessions which I can just drop into to ask any questions I might have.The curriculum is mostly text based with a few visuals here and there which initially scared me a bit as I am a visual learner . But honestly that hasn't gotten in the way at all. Because even if I do get stuck anywhere I can just jump into a Q&amp;A session or ask my mentor. The staff at Thinkful is super warm and polite and caring. This is a great program with great individuals for helpRead Less",thinkful
"Thinkful offers a month long preparation course which was extremely useful to me to refresh my understanding of fundamental statistics. I had no experience of using Python before joining the program. The prep-course really prepares you for programming... Read More skills needed for the main bootcamp. Once you complete the prep-course, you will be assigned a mentor based on your available schedule for two one-hour mentor sessions a week. I am taking this program while being on a full- time employment and the flexibility was the key to me for enrolling in this program. I find this style of 1-1 mentor-student pairing really helpful for my learning style. I feel like there are plenty of resources available online if you want to learn data science on your own but this mentor guidance is the key that I love about this program. I get to talk through the challenges I faced in the course materials or assignments during those sessions. Mentors are really knowledgeable. If they are not expert on some aspects they guide you to great resources. Thinkful also has plenty of Q&amp;A sessions (via video sessions) during the week where you get to ask questions if you are stuck on course materials between your mentor sessions. Thinkful also has a great community of program managers, students and graduates! If you are motivated to learn data science, go for Thinkful!Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has a good Full Stack Flex program, but uses their stats from this program to be purposely deceptive about their other programs. I was enrolled in the data science program which was marketed to me by their ""get a job or your money back"" slogan... Read More and being self paced. THIS IS NOT TRUE. You must graduate within 6 months to get this job guarantee and it only applies if you are living in certain cities. There is a prep course which is fine, but the bootcamp itself is TRASH. Terribly written, the homework assignments are vague and have no answer keys and the mentors DO NOT KNOW THE CURRICULUM AND ARE VERY UNHELPFUL. They also completely determine your pace by approving assignments, and your pace will easily go over 6 months if you are paired with a bad mentor. DO NOT ENROLL.Read Less",thinkful
"I always wanted to do one of these coding bootcamps. I started getting burntout at my current job and did some research and found Thinkful. My overall experience has been great so far. I think what sets Thinkful apart from the rest is its community as... Read More a whole. Whether it be online through the Slack channel, locally, 1-on-1 mentor meetings, or Q and A sessions. Being in Portland allows for family dinners which usually involve someone from the local tech scene. Though everything within Thinkful happens online, it's nice to have the support of a local community from other students to your Program Manager. The only thing I'm not a huge fan of, is how the curriculum is laid out. It's mostly reading, which can be difficult for visual learners like myself. Luckily, there are resources available to help drive home some of the harder concepts. It would be nice to have some videos to go along with the material. Having a mentor is one of the greatest assets. They are there to get you unstuck and help with any concepts that may be unclear. Everyone at Thinkful genuinely wants you to succeed, and for that I'm extremely grateful.Read Less",thinkful
"I entered the data science program with no coding background and have learned more than I ever could have imagined. The curriculum is easy to follow and makes learning fun and relevant. You are paired up with a mentor that you meet with twice a week.... Read More Mine is incredibly knowledgeable and always helpful. The Thinkful staff is very responsive, and I feel a sense of community among the students. I highly recommend this program.Read Less",thinkful
"Because data science is such a broad space, it is difficult to offer a succinct program, covering every aspect of this field. Yet, the Thinkful Data Science program offered as much breadth possible, while diving into certain areas further, as needed.... Read More The accessibility to real professional data scientists, three days a week, furthered my appreciation of this 6-month course; it is an invaluable experience, and for me, was the deciding factor for choosing this boot camp.It is worth noting, the program managers were always available if any sorts of issues came about. Moreover, Thinkful has a very tight-knit community, where learners are accessible to each other, further improving the learning experience - very important!Read Less",thinkful
"I recently finished my bachelor's in Management of Information Systems after returning to school as an adult. I wanted to make a career change into the tech world and landed in IT and software support but still wasn't quite fulfilled. I wanted a career... Read More that involved working on my own projects versus supporting others. After completing a free tutorial on web development I decided to start researching boot camps. Thinkful won because of the mentor program, flexibility, overall ratings, and cost. I am currently a little over half way done and am so happy with my decision. My mentor has been fantastic and such an asset. There are Q&amp;A sessions every day and a helpful Slack community so I've never gotten stuck for long because I couldn't find help. The curriculum is thorough. I've been really happy with my projects and feel like I'm going to have a good portfolio for job searching. It is a big time commitment, but totally worth it. If I could change one thing I would love to be working part time while doing the program instead of full time. That being said, there are pauses available and it's nice to have a regular income. Overall, I definitely recommend Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently in the middle of the program and I love the flexibility this course offers. It is a unique experience that immerses you into the data world and provides you with the relevant tasks to hone the necessary skills for becoming a data scientist.... Read More I had very little programming background prior to this program, but was able to pick up python very quickly through pre-curriculum training. Working with the Thinkful team has be a dream as well, especially my mentor. Meeting x2 a week keeps the pace of the program moving nicely and allows for good communication about each deliverable along the way.10/10 would recommend.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently a Full Stack Flex student at Thinkful's online program. Overall, I'd the say the program is very well rounded and that it has positively impacted my professional life so far. In this review, I'll give you an overview of Thinkful's FSF course,... Read More as well as my experience with each part of it.- Overview: Thinkful's Full Stack Flex program is a 100% online course centered around full stack web development. which is only half the course; FSF (and other Thinkful courses as well) shines the most when it comes to career building since it is centered around technical knowledge for its own sake. FSF's objective is not only to teach you skills that are valuable in today's market, but also to prepare you for job interviews and professional networking in a realistic environment. To reinforce this, every student has access to their own mentor, who will provide private coaching, which is another selling point for many Thinkful courses. Finally, FSF earned its name because it has a flexible schedule that won't force you to quit your job.- Program: It takes around six months to graduate from FSF (but you get quite a lot of free additional time for career services). Every month, you will start by reading written material and doing small projects and drills. Every week, you'll have two or three private sessions with your mentor, where you will discuss course material. Near the end of each month, you should be ready to complete a capstone project, which will go through a formal code review. Finally, there are also mandatory mock interviews, where both your skills and professionalism will be evaluated in an emulated professional environment. You will also be assigned a personal program manager who will monitor your performance and make success in the course easier to achieve. Overall, I'd say the program is well paced and not stifling, especially if you already have a job and lack extra time. Although sometimes they take a bit of time to respond, it seems all mentors, program managers and other staff members really pay attention to you as much as they can. If you go without completing a goal for too long, your program manager will send you emails to check you on, which is always a good sign.- Pricing: Thinkful charges based on how many months you need, which means you will be charged less if you're a faster learner. There's many payment options and I won't explain them in detail here, so check Thinkful's website. However, I will say that overall, the prices are fair and worth it.- Curriculum: FSF's technical skill curriculum is well rounded, including both clientside and serverside web technologies, all of which are in demand in today's market. Specifically, there are courses in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Node.js, MongoDB, React, user experience, and some computer science, which is great for interviews. Mastery of each of these is necessary to graduate. Capstone projects make a good job of cohesively mixing the technologies you know. The course attempts to have you make useable products as soon as you can, which is a plus . This might be nitpicking, but I don't think the curriculum's written resources are perfect yet. Sometimes I found them to be very brief or abstract and I think some of them could use a rewrite. Fortunately, Thinkful staff seem to be working on improving these resources, and you can leave them feedback whenever you finish a lesson. Something else the written resources might be missing is adding superficial introductions to related technologies, even if they aren't part of the course.- Mentors: You will be assigned a personal mentor which is responsible for helping you with the technical aspect of the course, and to provide feedback on your work in general. All mentors are guaranteed to be professionals with lots of field experience and I can assure you they are. In many ways, I believe Thinkful's mentor approach is vastly superior to those of other schools. Mentors also make up for anything the written material may be lacking. Mentors other than yours will also host daily non-private questions and answers (Q&amp;A) sessions to provide yet another additional resource. Personally, I don't have my mentor explain the material to me; rather, he reinforces it and provides meaningful insights that you couldn't get from traditional pre-recorded lectures, written resources or even structured classes. Ancillary to this is the fact that your mentor has no reason not to wait for your progress, no matter how slow you are, which means pacing will always work with you, rather than against you. - Community: As an additional resource, Thinkful provides all students with a Slack community where students and mentors collaborate with each other. If you're a FSF student, working with other students directly is not part of the course, which might be a con for some. The community alleviates this a little, being a good example of going the extra mile.- Career Services: Finally, the greatest asset Thinkful has to offer is career services. I personally haven't fully gotten to this part yet, but so far career-related interactions have been good. Even before you reach Career Services you will practice with mock interviews. Students who graduate from the main course will have free access to the career services staff, who, according to Thinkful, will help you ace interviews, build your network, and ultimately land a job that takes advantage of the technical skills you picked up.Overall, I would say Thinkful is a great option for anyone looking to start a career on web development and software engineering. However, I also believe FSF in particular is best suited to lone learners like me. I'd say the course's best asset is that it puts you in contact with very competent people who actually have time for you, which provides an unparalleled learning experience.Read Less",thinkful
"The Thinkful staff is quite helpful and my mentor is very knowledgable and quite experienced. After coming from a terrible experience with a different company's course (long story short -I was put in the wrong course, dropped from the program, and then... Read More billed for it) I am excited to have the chance to learn relevant technologies in a truly hands on way in the Thinkful ""Full Stack Flex"" program. My mentor takes the time to answer my questions in our twice a week sessions and allows me the chance to do my work and my research to find the answers before he simply gives them to me. If it is important to you to learn by doing but to have the support necessary to handle those tough questions in the difficult scenarios then enroll in Thinkful.I look forward to graduating!Read Less",thinkful
"Hi, my name is Bryan. I'm 47 years old. I spent well over 10 years of my career in web development building simple info sites and WP sites and basically just taking advantage of the fact that web design was in high demand but the digital iq of clients... Read More was quite low.Then social media hit, then easy site builders came back. The world changed quite quickly. By this time I had hung up web development and moved into management so I let my UI/UX people worry about the tech changes.But along came a life changing/career changing event that left me struggling to find work in management and I decided it was time to go back to the thing I loved more than any other career path: web development. But the digital world had gone racing by me during my time away from the coding chair and I was clearly not in the 'know' anymore. I needed a hardcore update to my skill set and clearly additional coding skills that I hadn't bothered with in the past because they just weren't a necessity. Or so I thought.So I turned to a bootcamp for this purpose. I did weeks of research and digging to make sure I was not going to fall into something that cost thousands but that didn't help me reach my goal of being back in the industry and very hirable. Through resources like coursereport.com, forums, reviews, articles and even talking to trusted associates of mine, what I decided on was Thinkful.com. I needed a program that would allow me the flexibility to not relocate in order to take the course and I needed flexibile time because obviously at this age I've got a family and many commitments. Aside from that I wanted the best program available (if possible). What I learned was that Thinkful's program offered mentorship throughout the educational process as well as long-term support (if needed) after graduation to assist in finding a job. Both of those attributes stood out and in fact did seem to be unique to Thinkful so I began my correspondence with them. They were completely transparent and open about their course, the process, the benefits and even the options that exist outside of bootcamps. I was pleasantly surprised by this and although I was pretty much ready to pull the trigger right there, I continued to ask ""what if"" questions of my program counselor and she never missed a beat in getting me the answers that I needed/wanted. So after another week of 'cooling off time' to think about the decision, I felt it was my best option and I jumped. Student loan. All in.Right out of the gate I was given clear guides as to what exactly was going to happen each day/week of the course. I was assigned a mentor and allowed to take part in setting my twice per week, one hour mentor sessions. That for me was just pure gold. I am person that must know what's going on and what to expect without having to go digging for it and Thinkful had that already well thought out and prepared for me. Huge plus.Next I began the pre-course web basics which I moved through with considerable ease because I had years of HTML and CSS behind me, yet I found the curriculum to be extremely helpful and in fact did expose me to resources and techniques that I had not explored prior. In addition, one of the most valuable attributes of the program for me is that each and every step of the curriculum focues on preparing you for a job interview. Being in management for many years which at times required me to hire devs, I can tell you this is an outstanding feature of the program. And it's not only training for tech interviews, it's training on interviews themselves! I can't tell you how many people I interviewed that were uber talented but just plain sucked at interviewing. So this feature is awesome in my book. In addition to that, after your final capstone project, you'll work on your resume, social channels, portfolio polishing etc. Again, Thinkful being focued on your professional success after the program is clear and something I value hightly. Educationally, my first challenge came as the intro to JavaScript began. I'd never coded a single line of JavaScript and was quite nervous that I could fall behind in this section and/or possilby just get overwhelmed and regret my decision to enroll in a bootcamp.Not the case. I had an unbelievable amount of resources to use for answers/guidance including my mentor which proved to be the most impactful resource of all. Two hours each week with him was like access to a massive trove of knowledge and no topic was too trivial. If he was tied up on our off hours I simply jumped to the Thinkful slack channel where it seems that every mentor stays plugged in to and is ready to help. I can't tell you how many mentors (that aren't my mentor of course) have helped me solve issues with my code. On top of that I attend Q&amp;A sessions each week to either listen in or present an issue I'm experiencing. All three of those resources have been immeasurably valuable. Fastforward to now, I'm over half way through the program and I have overcome some serious challenges in terms of learning things that I knew nothing of prior, again, thanks to the Thinkful environment. Clearly I'm not suddenly, or about to be, a senior level full stack dev but I can tell you that without this course, the self learn path for me would simply have not gotten me ANYWHERE close to what I know and can do currently. I would consider myself a skilled web developer again (which is/was a goal coming into this) and most definitely better than I ever was before taking this course. I've still got three months of the program left so the challenges of learning completely new concepts and coding continue but no question, this program has been worth every cent and every second of time that I've spent on it. If you're on the fence about whether a boot camp is worth it, take it from me (a self-taught hacker that's seen a lot of evolution in web development) this is absolutely a sound investment. Is it the end of the road? Hardly. It's the on-ramp. Albeit, an on-ramp with a jetpack attached but an on-ramp. It takes dedication, hard work, persistence and desire to attain a high level of expertise in this industry but it can be done, and even at my age. In conclusion I will say that Thinkful (for me) has been an absolute dead ringer. I can and will get where I want to go because of this program and I believe that it has to do with how their program is setup and how it aligned with my learning style and goals. Hope this review helps someone as I know I needed help in making my decision as well. Good luck!!Read Less",thinkful
"I have just finished the data science preparation material. I have had an excellent experience. I find the material challenging and well thought out. I especially appreciate the flexibility in projects where I can choose data that is of interest to me.... Read More There is a capstone project after every section, I have just started, and only completed the first capstone, the project brought the section material together. It was a great project, and a lot of fun. Though this is an online program, Thinkful provides a mentor. I meet my mentor twice a week. The interactions with my mentor are great. My mentor helps me work through any questions and problems I may have and suggests extracurricular topics for additional insight in the subject. Overall, I’m extremely happy that I’ve enrolled and look forward to using the new skills I am learning.Read Less",thinkful
"Overall the Thinkful experience has been pleasant. I really enjoy my 1-on-1 meetings with my mentor. The feedback, guidance, and challenges my mentor present have made the program worth while. The curriculum is decent, but I sometimes get lost in the... Read More assigments and reading material. I do wish it was laid out a bit differently, I think there is room for improvement in that regard. Another thing I've noticed is that you really need to pay attention to the recommended resources at the end of each lesson. Those additional resources are super hepful in driving the topic home (at least for me :) ). The additional resources are well curated, but this student wishes some of those items were integrated into the native curriculum. Chasing down external links and keeping track of all of them can be a bit tedius. Thinkful offers a student Slack environment which is occasionally helpful, but you've got to be patient due to the sheer number of participants. Another very helpful 'community' type research are the open-sessions held by various mentors and Thinkful instructors. I've found that the instructors genuinely want to help you learn and aren't afraid to answer questions. I find the mentor sessions and open-sessions to be very helpful.I believe Thinkful is better geared towards individuals with a strong sense of self-motivation and resourcefulness. There are often times where you need to refer to various documentation and the program definetely rewards those who can find answers on their own. There is a lot of reading, which can be a bit monotonous. For me personally, I do wish there were a few video lectures sprinkled through the reading material. I think that would help tremendously - seeing things demonstrated live (or recorded) and hearing someone explain what they're demonstrating is very helpful for some learners. On the whole, I've enjoyed my Thinkful experience and have seen a marked improvement and progress towards my goal. I still have a little bit left to go in the program, but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to individuals looking to jump start their software development education.Read Less",thinkful
"I just finished the prep course and I can’t believe how much I’ve learned already. So far my experience has been awesome at Thikful. My mentor is a great help. There are lots of Q&amp;A sessions throughout the day so whenever I’m stuck I just drop by and... Read More ask for help. I like it that they change the curriculum often to be up to date (yes, I was going through previous material to get ready for my first mock interview and noticed the updates) I’d totally recommend this bootcamp to a friend :)Read Less",thinkful
"Originally I was a bit nervous to sign up for an online program, but I've found that Thinkfuls support structure makes it better than in person classes I've taken. Not only do you have 2hrs a week with a mentor 1:1, but they have Q&amp;A sessions every day... Read More (approx 5-10 sessions) that you can hop into at varying times if you're stuck. These sessions are great becuase you just share your screen and get help. You can also listen in and learn something from the other students that are stuck. Also, their slack channel is very active with mentors and students, so you can get help that was as well. In Portland, the community is very active, so students will get together regularly and code together. All of these outlets for help, make the program very supportive!It's also a great way to go for people that are juggling work and family priorities. You code when it suits your schedule, and there are typically Q&amp;A sessions to help you when you're stuck...even at 3AM and 9PM.Read Less",thinkful
"I started the full stack flex program at Thinkful with the intention of switching careers to that of a computer programmer/web developer. I had very little knowledge of computer programming beforehand and was looking for a time-efficient way of switching... Read More careers while still getting a quality education. I have to say that I am very happy for choosing to study with Thinkful. Being that the course is over the span of 6 months, the program is intensive and challenging, but the quality of education is very good and the resources Thinkful provides are invaluable. The curriculum is thorough and my mentor has been a huge help is helping support my learning when I get stuck. I also appreciate how honest and straightforward Thinkful was before I started the course. They told me in advance what I could expect and how much time I would have to invest. Instead of just trying to sell the course, they accurately depicted what the next 6 months would look like if I decided to take part in the program. The program also teaches the more in-demand aspects of programming (from what friends already in the field have informed me of) so I am definitely confident this will be a successful yet efficient way of transitioning my career.Read Less",thinkful
"I tried to study by myself, i tried to study with tons of free resources out there ... but it did not work for me. Conceptually with Thinkful you are still learning by yourself, but with one huge difference, there are always either mentors or/and Q&amp;A... Read More sessions available for you when you need them. This makes learning process less stressful and demotivating when you stuck. This lets you move forward and not to procrastinate. Thinkful model is very good fit for those who works full time, has family and other things in their life at the same time and also wants to learn Full Stack :). Go for it! you won't regret it.Read Less",thinkful
"I started off with basically no coding experience at all and was a little nervous starting from scratch - but from day one everyone at Thinkful alleviated those concerns! It starts right from the basics and builds on top so even a beginner can do it if... Read More they work at it hard enough. My program manager helped introduce me to the way the course works and is always checking in to see how I'm doing, and my mentor is invaluable in helping me along with the technical side of things. I would definitely recommend this course to other people like me who are looking for an alternative to college or for anyone wanting a change in careers.Read Less",thinkful
"The biggest obstacles to my decision to learn coding, statistics, and data science had been lack of a functional curriculum and access to knowledgeable staff who can guide, counsel, and assist when I get lost or stuck. Thinkful's Data Science program... Read More has provided both. The curriculum is well structured. Not only does it offer easy to understand examples of every lesson along the way. But it also increases the complexity of those examples and slowly introduces concepts into the code that you as a student have to go figure out for yourself, which as it turns out is a critical component of surviving in the tech industry. Having access to regular Q&amp;A sessions online augments the bi-weekly hour long mentor sessions that keep my on track and progressing toward each milestone. Perhaps in time, the Data Science program will have more industry professionals who can give more Q&amp;A sessions like is present for Full Stack students. If you want to learn but simply lack the infrastructure in which to learn, this ""boot camp"" is a solid move. Its cost is reasonable and will likely pay for itself in the first year alone. The community is full of hopeful, intelligent students who are all just trying to break into a growing, lucrative industry. And the lessons themselves are very challenging while keeping you near to guidance that has kept me going when I thought I would never be able to grasp some of the concepts and code.Read Less",thinkful
"I've been in the Thinkful full stack flex program for about a couple months now. I researched a lot of 'bootcamps' and programs before committing and couldn't be happier having landed on Thinkful. From the first interaction with people of Thinkful everyone... Read More I have worked with (mentors, program managers, other students) has been great. They always engaged with me very positively and on a very individualized, personal level. The curriculum is great so far. I had learned on my own for awhile previously, so the first month was an easier recap and now I am getting into new and exciting stuff. It's a great mix of text based learning and projects. Though parts of the program, like mock interviews and attending meetups, can be intimidating for me, I know they are incredibly beneficial for real world experience.Mentors and mentor sessions are great. Not only are they nice and knowledgeable but the regular sessions keep you motivated to get work done before each session. It's a good way of keeping yourself accountable for moving forward on the material (something I was struggling with learning on my own). Having all the useful Q and A sessions to access is also great as a back up resource.What really exceeded my expectations was my local Thinkful community (Portland, OR). Getting to meet with folks IRL on a weekly or more basis has been really positive. I thought a drawback of Thinkful was going to be the it was an ""online program"" but I couldn't have been more wrong. Mentors and students alike are always offering to meet up and work together. It's been really helpful to have these opportunities to again help with accountability, to learn more, and to foster a network of people in my local tech community. Lastly, a consistent thread through all of this is that Thinkful is 100% focused on getting students where they want to be...hired. It was obvious that other bootcamps just want to get tuition and churn out students and hopefully keep their stats up and only paying lip service to career help afterwards. Thinkful is not like this. Everything the do from changing curriculum, to networking with local companies, to incorporating mock interviews, to their robust career services is student first focused and I have real confidence that our goals are aligned.Read Less",thinkful
"This has been a very good experience in pushing me to take a step out of my comfort zone. Along with going to Meetups to meet up with other fellow coders, I also get good practice mock interviews with those experienced in the field. The assignments themselves... Read More point you in the right direction and it's built step by step. Some issues is that parts of the course may be out of date or recommended resources link broken/out of date. Though, I find the next couple days that a new lecture is added to cement more of the concepts. Instructors are very knowledgeable and tend to know a lot of tips and tricks. I had two instructors, one that is newer, but had a lot of zeal for teaching which I enjoyed. After the introduction phase, was introduced to an older instructor where I have a little more trouble associating with. Currently still taking the course and working on my serverside capstone project.Read Less",thinkful
"I chose Thinkful over other online progams because of the mentorship, the community and the cost. Thinkful delivered in those aspects! I was paired with a great mentor who walked me through the lessons when I got stuck, I attended any Thinkful event I... Read More could and met other amazing students, mentors, and Thinkful staff, and I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg to pursue a different career path (There's a scholarship for women!). I was able to find a job before my graduation date!Unlike the web development bootcamp, I would say that prospective students should have some background in statistics and programming before coming into the course, or be willing to put in the additional time to learn more. (This is probably true in any data science course.) Before becoming a Thinkful student, I had a decent background in statistics and some (mostly self-taught) coding experience in Python. My last job was doing data analysis. Because the field of data science is so broad, there is a lot to cover. The more you can bring into the course at the get-go, the better. And this include time! I personally would not have been able to do this course while having a full-time job. Also, data science as a field is relatively new and constantly changing. Thinkful's data science lessons, while robust, only scratch the surface of what is out there. This is why the project-oriented nature of the program is so important. Working on projects allows you to put what you learned into practice and expand on the course material. Having a mentor to guide you offers another way to learn beyond the material. While data science concepts are important, one of the most important things you will learn in this course is how to Google effectively and how to troubleshoot your code. You do not need to enroll in a data science bootcamp to become a data scientist. There are plenty of resources out there that are less costly. It depends on your learning style! I knew I would benefit from a mentor that could talk me through difficult concepts and hold me accountable when progressing through the course. As someone who struggles with networking, I knew it was important for me to pick a program with a supportive community. This community eventually got me a job offer! For me, Thinkful was the right choice.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful's part time program is one of the best decisions I've made. It is amazing to be able to keep your job and still attend the program after work to enhance your technical skills and/or work your way towards a new career. They offer support from... Read More a mentor who you meet with twice a week on webcam, which is the biggest difference between learning on your own and learning with Thinkful in my opinion. It is great to have someone that already works in the field to be there to help and answer any questions you may have. For the most part, the curriculum really breaks it down and makes it easy to understand everything although there have been some topic's where I have had to search Google or YouTube to understand a bit better.Read Less",thinkful
"I have been taking the Full Stack Flex program from Thinkful and I am very satsified with the amount of knowledge, help, and support I have received these past few months. I was very skeptical in the beginning of bootcamps with the cost and all the job... Read More guarantee reports that you see, but I can assure you that it was very worth the investment. I think the mentor sessions are what sets Thinkful apart from other bootcamps. You have a mentor who is actually a professional developer in the industry help you and guide you throughout the course and it is very helpful. I am finishing up and I am very excited to start my developer journey through Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"I started with the data science bootcamp &amp; it definitely gave me a stronger foundation for the bootcamp. I work full time, and the vast majority of my free/leisure time is devoted to my data science bootcamp. It’s been an enjoyable experience thus far,... Read More and I’m glad I chose thinkful. As one reviewer stated, I am finding the pacing odd, and am taking slightly longer to complete assignments than estimated. With that said, my mentor is amazing! She’s extremely knowledgeable, thorough and honest. She is committed to my success, and it shows. I’m thankful to have her as she has enriched my learning experience at least as much as the curriculum. Haven’t started with career services yet, so I’m unable to speak on that at this time.Read Less",thinkful
"I am wrapping up the full stack flex program and have found a lot of value in it. It set me up well to find a job in web development. I spent about 15-30 hours on the course per week and am finishing in 5 months. The technologies are relevant to my local... Read More job market and the curriculum is updated frequently. The slack channel community is helpful in helping out when you are stuck. The Q &amp; A sessions are very helpful. The mentorship model was great to keep me on track. Definitely worth the time, money and hard work!Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful is one of the most expensive bootcamps out there. And naturally, I thought it would be one of the best out there. It also had so many good reviews. Now, I think they remove all the bad reviews and just keep the good ones. It is definitely not... Read More worth the money they ask. The curriculum is not that great and teachers are fine but pacing is just awful. Also, I can not stress this enough. You can not, You can not learn programming and become developer in few weeks. If you put effort and time, you can get same resources provided by thinkful all over internet. Do not go here.Read Less",thinkful
"I did not have much coding experience before attending thingful. I enrolled in full-time course which is intensive. I was struggling in the beginning as I was not very comfortable with pair-programing and fast-pace setting, but I tried to adpat quickly.... Read More I learned a lot from this program and could not believe that I could build React full-stack applications in a short amount of time. Capstone projects only allow one week to build with your classmates but it really helped me improved a lot of skills from planning steps, drafting wireframes, to creating components. My debugging skills also improved siginifcantly. Another nice thing about full-time course is I could access TAs everyday as we were doing daily assignmnents so it really saved me a lot of time debuggings. Their instructors are extremely knowlegable and their program manager (Theresa) is doing great job to support students in any aspect. Finally, their career service (Stephanie) is really helpful when it comes to the huting job phase, she provided me a lot of good tips on job search. However, in order to suceed in the course, you need to put in a great effort but you will see compound rewardings soon!Read Less",thinkful
"Joining front end development course of thinkful online was the worst decision I made. Maybe their offline schools are good but they were not available in my town. Their curriculum for is stale and old. Teachers are good but the time is not enough for... Read More you to learn web design, not in 2018. And, all the ressources they have can be found for free on Youtube. Go to YouTube and learn for yourself instead of throwing money at them.Read Less",thinkful
"Having access to your own tutor is key to becoming proficient in any field and software engineering is certainly no exception. Along with your own personal tutor, you get access to an incredible curriculum that I found quite effective at teaching the... Read More concepts of a full-stack javascript web developer. The community, students and mentors alike, are all very helpful whether you're learning the ropes or have a technically challenging question.Read Less",thinkful
"Justification to attend:I had done a lot of googling before coming to Thinkful and I had found through various sites similar to this one that it had some of the best reviews.I had been in the web development field (primarily backend) for more than 10... Read More years. At the end of my most recent engagement prior to Thinkful I began dusting off the resume and realizedthat most of the jobs at the places I wanted to work at required either full stack skills or strong frontend skills. Sure, I could have taught myself how to do all of this, and most often when I need a new skill in a pinch I read a book or two on the subject but often times when you need to learn something fast, it is difficult to know what to learn and how to learn it thanks to a large amount of content (both excellent and horrible) available for free online. What I needed was structure and resources that I could tap to ask questions when I got stuck or needed more clarification. This is really where Thinkful was a benefit.The Course:I took part in the engineering immersion program which was typically more than 12 hours a day (for 5 months) five days a week, and often times during the weekend we had some time of reading that we should do (sometimes optional). If you are lucky, you do get a break week for a holiday (or two) but for the most part, you are hustling it up to get your skills up to date.The typical day included workshops in the mornings and drills in the afternoons with your peers. This is very important as you get to see how other people think and approach problems (some great, some not so great) and it really helps you get familiar with working through issues and problems in a collaborative fashion.Having been self-taught for the majority of my career - I lacked knowledge in one key area: Data Structures and Algorithms. I knew the basic data structures and algorithms but having someone break it down so you fully understand it is really the main reason why I believe that Thinkful is worth it.The Outcome:As soon as I shared some of my portfolio projects on my LinkedIn the recruiters started flooding my inbox This was nothing new as having been in the field for so long, recruiters would always contact me - but with the new confidence that I had gained from what I had learned I was able to receive multiple offers and had the luxury to pick the job I wanted (as opposed to getting a job because you need it).You see, aside from the impostor syndrome I suffered from - what got me 90% of the time was the whiteboard/coding challenges that I would receive from the interviewers. not being sure about which data structure to choose - or even how to explain your thought process clearly with the right terms (all of which Thinkful walks you through) was what would often be the cause of the response ""We decided to go with another candidate"".During the final interview for the company I ultimately ended up working for - I explained ES6, Core JavaScript and more advanced topics such as higher-order components, webpack , react and redux and I was even complimented by being told that ""many of our senior devs aren't at your level"" (extremely proud moment as all the terms and knowledge I shared at that interview was exactly what I had just learned at Thinkful).What could be improved:There isn't too much I'd change from Thinkful, though I must admit - now that I am no longer in the program that it is not without its faults.Thinkful is full of awesome and amazing instructors - they are worth their weight in gold. The mentors are okay. Sometimes you get an amazing one, sometimes you get one that is more a friend and less a mentor. I requested my mentor when I signed up and I received what I asked for (someone extremely strong in the frontend side since this is where my biggest weakness was) except I feel most of the benefit of having a mentor came when we covered the frontend portion of the course - other than that (e.g. during data structures and algorithms) there wasn't much help but the instructor was always an email or screen sharing session away. Another area that could improve - as far as my experience goes - was the career services. Now I cannot speak to this too much because I found a job on my own prior to completing the program (a week or two early), but when I did reach out to career services I didn't get much response. I did send over my resume and received a cookie-cutter version of my own resume on their template and when I compared it to some of my peers they didn't change much, so I just ended up using my own resume. Also, we were supposed to get a LinkedIn profile review but mine was never done. We can use the excuse that since I was ahead of the class by a couple of weeks I didn't get the attention that I would have normally received (after all there are cohorts after cohorts all needing attention so I get it) but either way - we are not getting FREE career services, this is something we are ultimately paying for as well. SPEAK UP and GET YOUR MONEYS WORTH.NOTE: This was my experience, however, Thinkful has a high job placement rate and if their career service folks are anything like their instructors I don't doubt I would have been taken care of eventually.Really at Thinkful you are paying for a few things:- a 1 to 1 mentor (ask tons of questions!)- a structured course led by industry professionals with extensive knowledge- a community of developers of all skill levels that you can tap into during and after completion of the program- a set of resources that help you get a job and coach you through interviews, resume writing and social profile presenceAnd as you may hear from someone eventually, be it some one at Thinkful or alumni, ""You get out of it, what you put into it"" If you do all your work, read all your assignments, complete them and do all you have to do, YOU WILL walk away with highly valued knowledgeIf you attend a workshop and do your drills but skip the evening assignments or put things off... you will struggle, you may miss a few things, and you will effectively lose money as time IS money.---In the end, was it worth it to me? YES! I recommend it to all my friends and family interested in doing what I do. Some tips if possible: Pay the tuition up front if you can afford it, even if you have to take out a loan at your bank or borrow from a family member - it will be way cheaper.I did not pay the tuition up front - Don't worry though the tuition is the same, if not slightly less than the other bootcamps I looked at... (but financing it with Thinkful's vendor when I signed up doubled the cost of the program) That being said, if someone said: ""Give me $30k and In 5 months you will earn $70/hr would you do it? HELL YES! I would do it again, and again, and again... (matter of fact I'm preparing to go back for the data science course -- except I'll pay it up front this time :D )Are you still thinking about this? Do you really love solving puzzles and creating things? What are you waiting for! DO IT!Read Less",thinkful
"I knew I wanted to be a developer for a while and had taken some preliminary front end web development courses throughout my early career. What I liked about Thinkful was the flexibility. I completed the full-time program and could not recommend it enough.... Read More If you're like me, you need to commit your full energy to something as commanding as coding to truly get the most out of it. I recommend saving up and taking the full-time program if you are truly looking to pursue web development. I can't speak to the part-time program, but I know that if I didn't have the Teaching Assistants provided by the Engineering Immersion, I would have had a much more difficult time. I found a job on my own before the course was over and can't speak to the career support part of the program, but I do know that you will be part of a huge network of Thinkful grads who are all friendly and willing to help.Read Less",thinkful
"I had a fantastic experience with Thinkful. From the start, I was paired with a mentor that lasted throughout the six-month online course. The flexibility of the school allowed me to continue to work full time. My mentor was more than willing to answer... Read More any questions I had and was very flexible with meeting times. I received a job in Full Stack Development before I even graduated! If you put in the time and effort to be successful in this program, there is no doubt you will be.Read Less",thinkful
Overall Thinkful was a phenomenal program. I was able to switch careers in 6 months and be effective in my new position as a developer. Like anything you get out what you put in. If you put in the effort the support is there and so are the rewards at... Read More the end. Definitely recommend!Read Less,thinkful
"I started learning to program a few years ago. I felt like I wasn't making the strides I would like to in programming so I decided to join a bootcamp and Thinkful was the one that I chose. I chose Thinkful for a couple of reason: one being the affordability... Read More as compared to other bootcamps, second I was sold on their model for how they conduct learning with online one-on-one mentoring, and lastly I knew joining a great bootcamp would accelerate my skills and they gave me all the support for me to achieve my goals. It's a great place to jumpstart your career as a software engineer.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently about halfway through the the Thinkful Full Stack Flex Program. This program has been great in developing my skills, knowledge, and confidence as a web developer. I considered doing the Engineering Immersion program and decided on this... Read More program after talking to an advisor at Thinkful. I was concerned that there may be a difference in the amount of preparation given by the Flex program versus the Immersive program, but it sounds like the main difference is in the format and structure. I am someone that does well with self-study, so the Flex program made sense for meThe program is rigorous and I’m working full time at it. I would say that there are several modes of learning: written course materials, external resources, embedded examples and exercises, small projects, and large projects. The student dashboard area is clean and pleasant to use. The mentor sessions are helpful in getting technical questions answered, but are also a place I’ve gotten a lot out of asking general questions about best practices and working in the industry. I’ve found the mentor sessions useful as a way to spend time verbalizing concepts and making a connection with someone in the field.The mock interviews are challenging and are a clever way to present a kind of exam on the last section of material as well as interview practice. It is necessary to have both a thorough academic knowledge of the material to answer interview questions and the coding expertise with it to succeed in live coding challenges. I’m happy to say that my coding facility and technical knowledge have increased greatly in the course of the program. Also, my confidence in knowing that I’m studying relevant high quality material.Read Less",thinkful
"After I decided I wanted to learn web development, I did a lot of research before choosing Thinkful. I considered in person and online bootcamps, full and part time courses, 3 and 6 month programs, different technologies, etc. There are so many options... Read More and I am so glad I chose Thinkful's online Full Stack Flex bootcamp. Why I liked Thinkful's Full Stack Flex course:-Learn the most current tech - JS, Node, MongoDB, React, Redux -Written course materials instead of videos - easy to go back and reference when working through projects-Lots of examples and small projects to enforce the concepts-Several options to get help - mentor, slack channels, Q&amp;A sessions-Go your own pace - it's online and you are not in a cohort with others so once you understand something you can move on-Mentor to keep you on track and review your work-Graduate with 3 projects and a portfolio to showcase them-Career services to help you if needed after graduationMy one suggestion for someone considering the full stack flex program would be to take some HTML, CSS, JavaScript and jQuery courses before starting. Yes, they teach it all in this course, but it was really nice going into the class and already having some prior knowledge. It made learning the rest a little less daunting. I did the course full time, working 40-50 hours a week and completed it in 3 months. I really liked that you only have to pay for the months you use, so I was refunded for the other 3 months of the 6 month program. I graduated with a solid portfolio and was able to find a job within a month of graduating. I have been working full time for 3 months now and am confident that I know what I am doing because of the solid foundation I got through Thinkful's course.Read Less",thinkful
"I'm currently a student in the Full Stack Flex program, and so far, it's been great! I was first following the self taught route for a few months, but felt like I needed something more structured/guidance. So about three months ago, I started looking... Read More into bootcamps, and found Thinkful. I've been in the program for about two months, and definitely don't regret my decision. Thinkful has a great curriculum, you get to practice the skills you learn as you go. It's not easy but not impossible to do either. I've learned so much these past two months. Everyone, from my mentor to program manager, and everyone else I've encountered in the program have been really nice and super helpful. Mentor sessions and q&amp;a sessions have been very helpful as well. There's plenty of resources to take advantage of in case you don't understand something, or want to reinforce your knowledge. It's been a great experience so far, and I would definitely recommend Thinkful to anyone!Read Less",thinkful
"Background:I was able to finish the program two months early. However, I have a Bachelor's in Mechanical Engineering, and I studied Machine learning for about six months on my own before I started Thinkful, so I was able to breeze through a lot of the... Read More math and some of the more basic machine learning topics. I also decided to quit my full-time job and got a part-time job so that I could finish the program faster. I ended up spending almost 40-50 hours per week on the material, and spent a lot of extra time with my first (out of 3) capstone project. The pros:The biggest plus for me was having a curriculum that broke it down into digestible pieces and coding assignments. That part by itself already makes it way easier to learn data science. My mentor was awesome, and talking about these topics with another person was a great way to solidify my understanding of difficult topics. She often explained things using real world use-cases from her job in data science. I also found it really helpful to just sit down and code for hours at a time, in a ""practice makes perfect"" kind of way. I feel exceedingly confident in my ability to use Sci-kit Learn. I spent a ton of time learning the ins and outs of Python itself, which has laid the groundwork for understanding more advanced code/examples that I find on the internet.The cons:The Q &amp; A sessions were a little bit pointless to me, there weren't enough data science office hours. The number of hours they advertise per week of office hours includes the office hours for their web development course. In these sessions, you get in line with 3-5 other people to ask a question (if you have one). The handful of QA sessions I attended were not helpful to the problems I was having, and I'd rather try to solve it with Professor Google. I was also a little disappointed to find out the the specializations offered were shallow and introductory, but given the amount of other material that was covered, I still feel like I got my money's worth. If you are taking this course and expecting to become an expert in TensorFlow, then you should look elsewhere.Overall:I absolutely recommend this course to anyone that is serious about switching careers into data science. It is a ton of work, but you will get a lot out of it.Read Less",thinkful
"My qualifications for this review: biology undergraduate education, no formal/previous background in coding at all, joined Thinkful's Data Science Bootcamp about a month and a half ago.My program search and why I chose Thinkful: I knew others who had... Read More gone through this program and talked with them about their experiences, searched Course Report for what online bootcamps were popular, discussed my questions with Jessica (one of the Thinkful advisors), and spoke with others about their experiences in other programs. I would recommend any prospective students to ask A LOT of questions to people who are just a few steps ahead of you. But, it's ultimately your decision. I chose Thinkful because I liked their track record of taking people with non-coding backgrounds and ensuring they did not just learn the material, but were also confident about their newfound skills, and their ability to apply them in concrete projects at multiple stages along their course. Thinkful also has great graduation rates and job placement records for past graduates. The mentors are highly qualified (ask any program your interested what qualifications all of their mentors need to have). Additionally, I liked all of the different payment plans and potential loans that the Thinkful program offers. Other programs were not as favorable on a month to month payment basis as Thinkful's is. I also liked the idea of being able to specialize in a certain data science focus after developing the basic skills. I had some doubts ""how do I know I'm chosing the right one?"" and other thoughts like that. But the mentors ensured me that they would work with me, give suggestions, and that I wasn't ""locked in"" to a specialization after I've chosen one. It might take more time to switch specializations, but the benefit of potentially learning a bit from two might even give me a uniqueness about my background that could be favorable on the job market. Additionally, I hear you get multiple mentors in Thinkful (one program manager, one mentor (who you meet with 2x/week 1:1), multiple Q&amp;A leading mentors, etc..That's a lot of attention, which I think is so essential for an online program where you could just otherwise be a name on a course enrollment list. Overall experience so far: I'm glad that I learned the basics of Python while I was working. In my downtime, I went through Codacademy's free Python modules and got about half way through before starting at Thinkful. That helped me have confidence that I could track with the coding logic for at least the beginning. This helped me go through the pre-course faster than otherwise because there aren't as many interactive lessons for those initial drills as there are in Codacademy. I was thankful for the instructions that told you not to spend more than 20-30 minutes on a CodeWars challenge. That brought a lot of relief to me because I knew it was ok to ask questions after trying a bit on my own. I recognize that my biology background has helped me understand the statistics, research proposal and sampling rationale curriculum so far, but the material is challenging and I get stuck at times on the challenges. Drew, my specific mentor, is superb. He has helped me on this journey and I look forward to what I'll learn as I continue.Read Less",thinkful
"I found Thinkful after looking into other bootcamps that I couldn't do with my current job (I work most weekends and sporadically late through the week). I was happy to see there was an option with solid reviews and flexible hours - quality learning experience... Read More without having to give up current income.This is a time intensive course, there is a lot of information to take in and retain. I have been very lucky with my mentors and program managers, seems like everyone is there to help out without just handing me answers. It has been a great experience and I truly feel like they want me to succeed, not just pass. I haven't made it to the job support phase yet, but I am looking forward to it.If you can put in the time, this is a great place to learn. Good luck!Read Less",thinkful
"I began this course because my old career path was at a dead end and I needed to start again. I knew I was intelligent enough to have a place in the new economy, but I desperately needed retraining. The retraining had to be affordable, online, and on... Read More a flexible schedule. I am middle aged and feel like traditional classrooms and theory are a waste. Thinkful was precisely what I needed! The mentoring made my progress rapid and I have an awesome data science job. I highly recommend the learning experience in Thinkful. The program has renewed my career and I am deeply grateful.Read Less",thinkful
"I've been interested in the Fullstack Flex program, but I took the Frontend Web Dev course as a trial to see what Thinkful was like. I've completed a coding bootcamp a couple years ago with another company and felt like I didn't really learn much or really... Read More understand why things worked. It was a lot of trial and error and scrambling to get a working app by the end of every project week - but never fully understanding why what I did worked.I really liked Thinkful's program. I like having material to read as well as all the resources it links you to and the drills along the way. I do feel like it requires you to either have a little bit of background knowledge or to be really proactive in doing your own research to supplement the material (or really make use of those linked resources to learn more in depth).The weekly mentor sessions are great because it helps me to stay on track or provide me that 1-on-1 help if I get stuck. I definitely would be more lazy about relearning everything if I weren't doing Thinkful!I've really enjoyed Thinkful's program and definitely going to enroll in the Fullstack Flex program now that I've completed the Frontend course!Read Less",thinkful
"I am four months into the full stack flex and the journey so far has been amazing. I was very skeptical of bootcamps at first and read a lot of these reviews before I first started too, but after going through the program I can confidently say that Thinkful... Read More goes above and beyond your expectations. The program offers all of the material since day one and you can go comfortably at your own pace without the pressure of finishing by a deadline. Of course it's in our best interests to finish quicker when considering tuition costs, but I can confidently say that I have learned so much within these past few months and it has been worth it. The biggest pro of Thinkful in my opinion is the 1 on 1 mentorship. Every week you can schedule a mentor session as much as you need and get help on whatever questions you have. The support is extremely helpful and the staff has been very flexible and supportive. Thinkful has been an amazing experience and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a program that helps you from the ground up. I have built two capstone projects so far and I am excited to finish my last one and start the job search soon. Very excited and grateful for the experience so far!Read Less",thinkful
"Pros:- Great curriculum that provides lots of challenges &amp; drills- Mock interviews test you throughout the program to make sure you are on track and understand concepts thoroughly- 1-1 mentorship, meeting 2x a week and a great community to ask questions... Read More throughCons:- You can't replace a computer science degree 100% -- there is so much ""miscellaneous"" extra stuff that you won't learn from a 6 month bootcamp. Be realistic about expectations.Overall:The full stack flex program is great. The curriculum is thorough and mentors do the job of filling in real-world gaps in your knowledge. Just make sure you are realistic and understand that you will get out of it what you put in, and expect to put in a good number of hours! However, the mentors and your program manager do a great job of providing a graduation plan if you want, and supplying extra resources to give you the best experience possible. I'm so thankful that I finally took the dive into the software engineering world via Thinkful!Read Less",thinkful
Pros: Mentors are actual Software Engineers that have a lot of experience and knowledge to pass on. They are very present and extremely helpful. I feel I have learned a ton of new things in the past 3 months of taking the program. Cons: Sometimes material... Read More does not go every thing that is required to complete the associated projectsRead Less,thinkful
"This has been a great journey for me coming from virtually no programming background. The coursework is really good at taking a fairly new topic and familiarizing us and eventually helping us master it. The most vital aspect of this bootcamp is the one-on-one... Read More sessions with a personal mentor twice a week, who is a very experienced developer. This really helped me a lot! On top of that, there are multiple Q&amp;A sessions going on during the day with other mentors where you can go in and participate and ask any questions you may have. There are various milestones that you hit during the course and many projects that you create (which eventually becomes your portfolio as well). This really helps you gather whatever you've learned up to that point and make something out of it. That's the best way to learn and remember what you've learned. Also, there are technical evaluations and mock interviews at different stages of the course to make sure you understand the topics as well as prepare you for the real interviews. Also, you are assigned a program manager who can help you with any problems related to the overall program and also keeps track of your progress. The loan options that they provide is also very flexible. The overall community is awesome.All-in-all, the overall structure of the program is really designed so as to ensure your success. I am really excited and glad that I went with Thinkful!Read Less",thinkful
"I guess being as the first deaf student within this bootcamp. My first impression was their resources and expectations. Even if there were some bumps along the way, but they were more willing to figure out the solution. My progress with this bootcamp... Read More is at the hard place right now, but there is plentiful support from peers, mentors, and teachers. I could not imagine myself doing some self-taught without any support. I would recommend you to check this out and give it a try.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently in the midst of the full stack flex program at Thinkful. While I had tried learning on my own through the many websites that are available to learn web development I always felt something was missing. That is until I found Thinkful and... Read More it's 1 on 1 mentor sessions it has greatly improved my understanding of web development and I can not stress how useful it is to get instant feedback and help that my mentors have provided for me so far. They ask me questions to make sure I understand the material as well which I feel has really helped to squash the dreaded 'imposter syndrome' because they give me the opportunity to show to myself that I know what I am talking about. On top of that, the projects that are giving are fairly open-ended allowing you to be creative with only guided lessons to help you take a project from the planning stage to completed app. On top of all that each lesson is ended with a mock interview which not only helps get rid of 'imposter syndrome' but also helps to get me ready for the real interviews to come. While I am only in the middle of the material right now I feel extremely confident that after I graduate I will be able to get a job as a web developer thanks to Thinkful.ps. Job Support is listed n/a only because I haven't utilized it at this time.Read Less",thinkful
"For someone with close to zero in terms of background in Computer Science/Web Design/ Coding, I've found Thinkful to be very much accessible and helpful. As I near the end of my front-end side of the curriculum, there were definitely many things that... Read More I had a hard time wrapping my mind around, but having my mentor talk me through my code, to clarify concepts, and give me the actual working-world application of the things I'm learning really helps. The mentors will meet you where you're at, patiently stepping you through difficult concepts and projects when you get stuck. As someone that has tried on multiple occasions to learn some coding through online courses and try to get some marketable skills, the mentors at Thinkful make the big difference. They're really there to help you succeed. If you're thinking about a career change, I'd highly recommend Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"""Part-time. Fully committed. Unlike a traditional bootcamp, you don't have to quit your job. We get you a job in tech, guaranteed"".  Hi everyone. I am currently enlisted in the full stack flexible course at Thinkful online. The first half of the course... Read More is finished and I am starting with the second one right now. I definetly recommend this bootcamp to everyone but let me tell you why.I am working a 40 hour week and currently live in Germany. I a had no savings to effort a full-time bootcamp overseas so the online part-time variant was the best choice for me. So, I paid the costs upfront and during that process the Thinkful support was super helpful and gave me a lot of guidance.  Until now I had two mentors and two program managers. All of them were super supportive and I honestly don't want to miss them. They guide you through your projects and help with coding challenges. They push you in situations you want to slow down and test your limits to prepare you for the real world.   In the coming weeks I will start preparing for job interviews. Thinkful is guaranteeing a job in the tech industry. We will see how it will work out but right now I am pretty sure Thinkful won't let me down. As soon as I can give an update about the career service I will let you know.Greetings from GermanyRead Less",thinkful
"In November 2017, I started my Full Stack Flex Course for Thinkful and immediately loved it. I had previous experience in HTML, JavaScript, CSS and flew through the beginning lessons. As the curriculum got more complex, jumping into Node/Express and the... Read More Back-end, my frustration definitely grew like it would for any other program. The difference from self-study and studying with Thinkful was the community and the help of a mentor. A big pro to the Thinkful Online Full Stack Flex Course were the Q&amp;A Sessions that are available to students where staff members have an office-hours type video call where they help out all students who drop in with the questions they have. The staff members were extremely helpful and willing to answers further questions outside of the office hours.The biggest pro for me was my mentor who pushed me through the program and helped answer questions I ran into along the way. He was able to keep me motivated and to meet with me multiple times a week, which is something I, as a student, definitely needed in my beginning steps. Also, my program manager was able to help by choosing a mentor for me that he knew would fit my preferred style of learning. The staff definitely help to mold the program accordingly for your success, which I greatly appreciated.With the pros come the cons and one of the biggest cons was the lack of focus on design. This was not necessarily a problem with the program as a whole, but more because there was no time to focus on it with so much time dedicated to the fundamentals of front end and back end code. Overall, I am currently a few weeks from completing the program and have no regrets in taking it on. I do recommend that those completely new to web development should dedicate more then the recommended 30 hours per week to the program.Read Less",thinkful
"Note: Thinkful has Career Services (job support), but I selected N/A as I have yet to utilize them.I am a student currently enrolled in the Full Stack Flex program at Thinkful. I had a lot of experience learning on my own before joining (shoutout to non-profit... Read More freeCodeCamp, which, to be 100% honest, I would recommend over ANY boot camp if you are brand new to programming), so my experience may be different than others. If you have experience and you're ready to make the commitment necessary, I think Thinkful is one of the best paid boot camps you could choose.The curriculum is great and covers everything you need to know, while providing links to outside resources for other stuff that will be helpful. You are ""taught"" new tech such as ES6 and React, but the material does a good job in teaching the ""old"" way of doing things as well, since you're likely to encounter older tech more often than not in the real world.The dashboard itself is smooth and easy to navigate and you can easily continue where you left off. You are clearly able to see how far along you are in the course and how you are progressing with your goals. It also provides easy to find contact info for your mentor and program manager.My mentor has been an amazing resource. There have been a lot of times where I had no questions but he has been cool with that and at times he is able to help me discover questions I have by asking his own questions. He's clearly a professional developer with a lot of knowledge of all areas of the course and I look forward to discussing challenging problems for my 3rd capstone, which I will be starting soon.Cons:-Slack is on a free plan. This means that there is very limited history. Want to search for a question you saw an answer for a few weeks ago? Nope. With the cost of the course, there's no reason not to be on a paid plan.-Terms of Service - There is a huge privacy concern and copyright issue in that they can use your code for any purpose, including re purposing it and making a start up out of your good idea. Are they doing this? Probably not. But I would like to see it handled differently, especially when the atmosphere today has so many people worried about privacy. I would have liked to work on a serious project I have in mind for my 3rd capstone, but due to that clause I am unable to. This isn't necessarily a Thinkful only con though. I'm sure most boot camps probably have something similar.What's missing:-The classroom experience. I put ""taught"" in quotes above because you aren't really taught. You're still teaching yourself. There are online video sessions you can join for quick questions, but I think it would be cool to have actual classroom sessions using that platform, where a group of students from the same cohort can join an online classroom and actually be taught.-Stats. I would like to see how far I am in the course relative to other students in the same program with the same amount of time in the course. I would like to be able to see how many students dropped out at certain areas, how many students found a job before completing the course, etc. It seems like the dashboard has is the perfect place to have a section for info like this. Info that is live and updates daily.Read Less",thinkful
"I love this boot camp. I was a bit tentative in deciding whether or not to do this boot camp due to the fact that I was already employed full-time. The prospect of having 25-30+ hours a week of coding on top of my already busy schedule was something that... Read More I had to get used to but when it comes down to it, I haven't regretted my decision one bit. There is no doubt that the material is difficult and having to manage my time has been something I have struggled with. The curriculum itself is awesome (though hard!) and the drills and projects I have done so far have provided me with a great base to build upon as I continue through the course. I really feel that when I finish, I will have the knowledge and skills to pursue a career in web development.More than anything, I cannot be more grateful for the support that I have found in the Thinkful community. From my mentor who has gone out of her way no matter the hour to help me with bugs and broken code to the Slack community of other mentors/developers/students who are always available to answer my questions or give me feedback when it's most needed. For anyone that is looking for a great program that is flexible but challenging, look no further!Read Less",thinkful
"I am genuinely surprised that they managed to make a developer out of me! I feel the curriculum is not sufficient for someone coming from absolute zero coding background, but they have lots of recommendations and external sources with it. My mentor was... Read More brilliant, and beyond helpful at all times, I really enjoyed working with him. I would definitely recommend this course, because of the great deal of support, flexibility, and good quality education.Read Less",thinkful
"The Thinkful curriculum and community support have propelled me into the world of data science, giving me the confidence and the skills needed to land my first tech job. Over the past few months in the course, I've been able to build an impressive portfolio... Read More of data wrangling, machine learning, and visualization projects. Curriculum was clear and well-structured, and community events allowed me to start to build my local professional network.Read Less",thinkful
"When I first joined Thinkful, I didn't understand the landscape of coding bootcamps...as I went through the curriculum and Thinkful pushed me to make connections in my community, I realized I was lucky to have ended up with Thinkful. I've met several... Read More people from other bootcamps who've experienced sub-par curriculum, a lack of support, and no follow through from their organization. With Thinkful, it's been the exact opposite. To begin, I had an amazing program manager who made himself available to chat with me whenever I messaged him. He cared about my projects and my progress and connected me to Thinkful staff in my city when they expanded their community presence. Next, my mentor has become my best friend! I am very fortunate to have connected with him right away and I've had the same mentor for the duration of my program. He's actually based in another country but it's always been easy to connect with him. He's a brilliant person and has always pushed me to learn - as an experienced mentor, he knows when to give me the answer vs when to nudge me to do the work to find it. Throughout our time together, he helped me make smart decisions about my capstones and learn the lingo of all the technologies we were incorporating. You can learn how to code anywhere but it's just as important to know how to discuss those techs and why they fit an idea or don't. I feel like those are the advanced level skills you get from having an experienced mentor. Additionally, we've had lots of conversations about managing my code and what a career as an engineer involves - those have helped me learn so much more. I also have the most amazing career support advisor. In my program, I was able to meet her early on and go over my goals after I completed an assignment that involved going to a local meetup. Since then, she's helped me with my resume and given me advice when I began interviewing before my program was completed. Career support has a wealth of knowledge - they know their stuff and the people who've worked with them will sing their praises - somehow you end up with a salary higher than anything you could have ever imagined! I know that I have not been disappointed. Finally, I'm lucky to live in a city where Thinkful has worked to extend their in-person presence. There, we've had family dinners and study sessions which have allowed me to connect to other students and mentors. I also LOVE LOVE LOVE the community manager and program managers who are always doing cool stuff with our little group! It's been really nice to be able to meet people in person and just have ""code-therapy"" sessions. What I will say about this bootcamp though - is that much like every other intensive learning situation, it is HARD. You have to dedicate a lot of time to learning, make sacrifices and always be your biggest advocate. No one can do that for you. There were days that I felt like quitting but I always tried to use my resources to get over those humps - hourly Q&amp;A sessions, online workshops, the student Slack channel, my mentor, my program manager...if I was struggling, I made sure everybody knew! And when I did that, people always came through and helped me or encouraged me. Overall Thinkful has built a really supportive culture of learning and I'm proud to have been educated by them and to have reached the end goal of having a higher paying engineering role.Read Less",thinkful
"I have completed the data science course at Thinkful and am very happy with the experience. My mentor, Vincent, is not only extremely knowledgable but also really helpful. You can tell that he values teaching and sincerely cares about the students that... Read More he works with. We were able to discuss the concepts in depth and he made sure that I was generating code correctly and that I used best practices. In my final project I was able to build a neural network that I am now in the process of turning into a product and could not be happier with the skillset that I now possess. If I had any issues I was able to connect with the management team (Matt's awesome) and they resolved them quickly and you could tell that they were analyzing my concerns to make sure that they are continuously improving the experience for their students. I am now working with my career counselor, Jenn, and she has already helped me understand what employers are looking for in a field that I am unfamiliar with (I am a sales and marketing professional). Great experience and a team that really cares about getting it right.Read Less",thinkful
"I had an amazing experience at thinkful, made long lasting friends and was able to make the industry shift from over the road truck driving with just thinkful and a high school diploma... Oh and hard work, determination, and discipline of course. I've... Read More done a lot of challenging things so far at the age of 25, i've owned 2 businesses, am a marine corps veteran, and now graduate of Thinkful and found my way into the tech industry working professionally now. I started full stack immersive class at the end of September and graduated mid-february. The cirriculum is very thorough and constantly updated making you the most modern dev when you go into interviews. The languages/frameworks the other applicants are talking about trying to learn, you already know in depth from Thinkful. The 2 best things about Thinkful though I have to say, is the mentors, program managers and the people you are surrounded by on a daily basis and the fact that you not only learn to be a modern full stack web developer, but you always learn HOW TO learn which was huge for me. Tech is constantly changing and I wanted the ability to be able to learn, grow, and adapt to this changing field and Thinkful helped me do that by teaching me how to learn and pick up new languages, frameworks, etc. I will end this review by making one last, important statement... only join this course if you intend to give your 120% all day every day. If you don't put in maximum effort, you won't get maxiumum return. As well as hindering the experience for your fellow classmates which isn't fair to them either. I never ran into this issue at all and still regularly communicate with my fellow cohort, but it's important for you all to work hard and never give up on yourself or each other. In the full stack immersive you'll feel like you're living with these people with 6 months and grow fantastic relationships with them along the way. Overall this was a very good investment for me as I am now employed in a full time position and extremely happy with my life change and took 49 days from graduation date to accept a final job offer for any of you stat guys/gals out there. Get out there, pursue your dreams, and rest in comfort that thinkful and it's amazing staff will be there with you along your journey.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful was an amazing experience. The entire program is set up for success. My mentor was there to not only to provide real-world experience but to help me get through many of the roadblocks that appear while working on a project. In addition, their... Read More open QA sessions and slack channels were there to help between mentor sessions. Thinkful also worked with me when my day job prevented me from spending time on the program and when I had a baby and needed to focus on my family. Thinkful's excellent career services helped me to land the exact job I was looking for.Read Less",thinkful
"I attended the full-stack web development course as I wanted to get a job as a developer. I looked at a lot of other schools and decided that Thinkful offered me the options that I was looking for. I was a little nervous going in as I had first tried... Read More a lot of other online programs, but easily got disillusioned or busy with life and just gave up due to lack of support. This was not the case with Thinkful at all - in fact it was the opposite. From day 1 the communication and support from Thinkful was amazing! I had a great mentor, interesting coursework, and when I did get stuck, which was a lot, there were always people there to help me out and not just give me the answers, but showed me how to figure it out so I knew how to fix the same or similar problems in the future. When I did finish, the career coach was amazing too, and she helped me refine my resume and portfolio to what the job market was looking for. I am happy to say I now have an amazing job, with great people and I thank Thinkful and my mentor for allowing this to happen! If you are looking for a job as a developer, this is where you should start! Really did/do love Thinkful!!!Read Less",thinkful
"I had a very bad experience with Thinkful. My mentor was really great though, as a person and as an amazing professional in his field, which is why I am giving him 5 stars. Actually, all mentors that crossed my path were really great.I started the program... Read More in September 2017. In good faith, I paid up front the whole amount for the Web Development Flex program (bad idea, as it turned out). Everything was fine for five months, until I discovered that none of my two program managers (PM) were aware of my falling behind. So after five months, I finaly recieved my graduation trajectory, after asking for it for weeks. Well, it was there all along, it just wasn't shared with me. I was one month behind. There was no way that I would finish in time. My second PM told me that I would have to pay monthly until I finish the program, in addition to what I already paid. I was really upset about this. Few days later, they broke the contract and accused me of yelling and insulting the staff. Absolutely ridiculous. I am a firm person, I know what I want and I know what is fair and what is not. I don't have to be pleasant when I am presented with this mess. I invested $8000 in this and I wanted to get what was promised to me. But, this was one-way deal, it was their way or the highway, which is fine, but they also kept my money, which is not fine. Miss-worded policy During the one-week back and forth between me and my PMs that were not hepful at all, and if I didn't ask million of questions, while trying to learn and code (I basicaly did their job), I would not even know the protocol concerning the pause days. So I finally looked at their pause days policy and asked about that, and so my PM told me that the policy is miss-worded and I did not understand it correctly. Also, my PM said that she told me that I haven't been investing enough time in my projects during our meeting. That conersation never occured. I called her out on that and she appologized. I accepted the apology.Attempt to resolve my problem,There was one attempt during the video phonecall, where we came up with a plan and continued to work together. By the way, it is during this cideo phonecall that they said I yelled and insulted the staff. We continued to work normally after this, at no point did they say to me that I was yelling or insulting. I remember us smiling, discussing, also my husband was in the room, he tought it went well. Really strange, but also dishonest, in my opinion, to later deem this conversation to be disrespectful. I think that if somone was yelling and insulting me, I would ask them to stop right away, why go for 30 min with me yelling and insulting? That makes no sense.Also during the same call we reached a plan, that they would change a day later without consulting me. Again very autocratic. They said that there were multiple attempts to solve my problem that they caused. but there was one and in the period of exactly two days, and that one went from bad to worse.Dismissal letterFew days after the video call, I recieved the letter, I wrote the letter of apoogy, because they, in my opinion, held my investment hostage, I felt emotionally draned after dealing with them. I really had nothing to apologize for, as I received no apologies from them for being in my predicament. As other things in my experience with Thinkful, my apology fell on deaf ears, but I had to accept their apologies for fabrications, ""miss-worded"" policies, resolution plans that they kept changing. Actually my graduation date changed twice.  In this whole process, I asked the student support manager to call me, he did not communicate with me at all. Just with his staff that was at fault. They did not want to hear from the student. The thing is I had a major red flag when I read their term of service and the learning contract, they are both extremely one-sided and autocratic. Where is the respect for my investment? Should I have just pay more, accept the solutions to my problem that were detremental to me? They said that their employees felt bullied by me, but they just went along with it and did not write a formal complaint, why didn't they? I feel bullied in that they dismissed me like I was their employee but kept my money. So, I ended up paying $5300 for the following:-no job guarantee, or a job or a chance to obtain a job with the their help. --no full stack knowledge, -I got nothing out of the course that I can monetize, because I am that absolute beginner that did really well, but that was of no concern to the support manager. I needed job assistance, help with portfolio.- mentorship, that I didn't purchase, or consented to purchase. I purchased the whole program.-forceful withdrawal, because they were sick of my questions and requests as a paying customer. The only reason why I decided to go with Thinkful is because of the job guarantee and because of all these great coursereport data. I did not get the job nor my money back.My problem lies only with the administrative part of Thnkful, this was just not a good fit, I don't like relaxed policies or the idea that someone has an autocratic control over my investment of thousands of dollars. I deeply regret ever investing in my education through Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"I'm currently attending the online Full Stack Flex program with Thinkful. I participated in another in-person bootcamp elsewhere and found it really lacking as concepts weren't explained thoroughly and instructors/staff weren't around often enough to... Read More help me through tough assignments. So I looked for something else.At Thinkful the course curriculum is so thorough that I'm able to tackle a good 70% of it on my own. They provide so many additional resources if you want to dig deeper or if you need help understanding a concept. Besides the fantastic material, there are also many Q+A sessions throughout the day. If I'm ever stuck on a problem for more than an hour I hop into a Q+A session and am guided in the right direction. I've been in many of these sessions and interacted with many of the instructors and each one helps put me on the right track without handing me the answer or making me feel stupid for not knowing something. I also have an incredible mentor I meet with twice a week on a video chat where we go over my homework and any questions I have. There's also a strong focus on job eligibility between mock interviews that are part of your course requirements, career Q+A sessions offered several times a week, and the capstone projects that are great additions to a portfolio.I'm so grateful to have found Thinkful. I find myself facing mental challenges I never experienced before yet it's all good because the Thinkful structure and team is encouraging through every step.Read Less",thinkful
"My overall experience as a Thinkful student was incredibly positive.  I originally started with Thinkful in their Full Time Web Development program.  The instructors for the full time program are very knowledgable and take the time to focus on each team's... Read More projects and progress throughout the course.  There is also a TA assigned to each cohort who is available to help outside of designated daily class hours.  After completing the 3-week prep course and about 2 weeks of the full time schedule, I switched over to the Flexible Web Development program.  I was able to stay with the same mentor who I initially started with and still had access to all of the great resources that Thinkful provides, like QA sessions, Workshops, a designated Program Manager, and multiple Slack channels connecting me with fellow Thinkful students.    The curriculum that Thinkful lays out for each section provides a great foundation for full stack web development.  Before Thinkful, I taught myself HTML, CSS, and some basic JavaScript.  I drastically increased my programming skills and understanding over the past six months, learning both front- and backend JS frameworks and libraries. A couple of aspects that really set Thinkful apart from other bootcamps are their individualized care for each student and their one-on-one mentor program.  Having the opportunity to speak to a professional programmer 3 times a week was invaluable.  My mentor helped me make sense of concepts I struggled with and guided me back on track when I was working through the curriculum and 3 capstone projects.  Each student at Thinkful is also paired with their own Program Manager who helps you with any concerns you might have about your progress or to just check in to see how things are going with you. If you're weighing your coding bootcamp options and you are looking for a program that has fine-tuned (and continuously improves) the online bootcamp experience, seriously consider going with Thinkful.  I don't think I could have achieved such success and have been able to change careers if it had not been for Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"I looked into several different online Data Science bootcamps before going with Thinkful. There are certainly enough resources available to learn data science on my own, but it is hard to figure out where to start! I chose Thinkful not only for it's rigorous... Read More curriculum, but also for the one-on-one mentorship and strong, supportive community that exists offline. I am three months into the program and believe I have made the right decision! I have since recommended this program to other people who are looking to make a career transition into data science.While this bootcamp is ""flexible,"" there is a six-month deadline. This is especially important if you live in a qualifying city that offers a job guarantee if you finish within six months. There are students working full-time jobs who end up dropping out because they cannot keep up with the coursework. It is important to assess if you are able to dedicate the time and energy to the program before making the financial commitment.Read Less",thinkful
"I'm so glad I'm taking Thinkful's Data Science bootcamp instead of an over-priced graduate degree. Having all the coursework available online and the direct, 1-on-1 support from a ""mentor"" really works for me. Thinkful provides concise and up-to-date... Read More learning materials that are immediately useful for my work. The mentors with whom I spoke with until now have been great teachers. As a result - I've been learning a lot!Read Less",thinkful
"What sets Thinkful apart from its competitors are its teachers and its community. I've been enrolled in the Full Stack Flex program for about two months and have had two incredible, knowledgeable mentors, in addition to the various teachers I've had the... Read More pleasure of learning from in workshops and Q&amp;A sessions. The mentors reinforce your problem-solving skills by asking questions so that you come to the correct conclusion on your own, rather than spoon-feeding you answers. The community is amazingly supportive; the mentors are highly encouraging, and the other students learning along with you want to see you succeed and are always willing to help out in the Slack chat. I've never been made to feel embarrassed or foolish for asking an obvious question or needing help to get un-stuck, and I've been met only with positive reinforcement and encouragement when I've found myself doubting my own abilities, which is incredibly important, as you need confidence to succeed and you will struggle with confidence plenty when you begin learning.Read Less",thinkful
"Enrolling in Thinkful's Flex Program was one of the best decisions I've made for my career. They have a pretty comprehensive curriculum that gives you a solid foundation in web app development using some of the hottest modern web technologies. When I... Read More first enrolled I thought there were some things left to be desired in the curriculum, especially for people that were new to coding. But it was regularly changing and improving, which I thought shows their dedication to a quality education. They don't teach you every language or framework, but through 1-on-1 mentorships and interview practice, you really get a sense of what companies are looking for in a web developer. You're also able to make great connections with other students and mentors on their Slack channels and Q &amp; A sessions. There is a wealth of resources available to you as a student, and the community is always there to help or just chit chat about coding or the industry.One of the things that really stood out to me as I was browsing bootcamps was Thinkful's transparency and how they openly share statistics on student outcomes. That was really what lead me to choose them over their competitors. After enrolling and graduating I really felt the honesty and integrity that they have. The mentors and coaches really want you to succeed and are more than willing to accommodate your needs as a student even if you need extra time to deal with things in your personal life or need some extra boost in your knowledge or ego (coding can really kick you in the butt sometimes). There is a great community building around Thinkful all around the US/world and that will only help you as a student and as a developer starting your new career.Read Less",thinkful
"So far this course has been amazing. The quick access to help thru mentor meetings and Q&amp;A sessions make it for me. I have not once been stuck and not been able to get great, quick, in person hands on help. The curriculum is so well laid out and I have... Read More been having a lot of fun doing it.Read Less",thinkful
"I wish I had done Thinkful sooner than trying to study on my own. The mentor sessions are crucial to excelerating your learning. The curriculum sifts out what you need to know, but allows you the chance to learn more in depth about a topic if you want... Read More to. I recommend you do. There are Q&amp;A sessions with experienced developers multiple times a day. The slack channel is supportive and you'll always get help to a problem you are having. Remember to be specific. You won't regret taking this bootcamp.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful's approach to education is both refreshing and relevant. You learn job-ready skills while thoroughly understanding the academic fundamentals of web development. Their onboarding process is amazingly seamless and everyone I've encountered (especially... Read More my mentor) is super-friendly and knowledgeable. They understand and empathize with the student which means you never feel ""dumb"" for asking questions and are constantly pushed to get better and better. The curriculum is very logical and well thought out and the community is available 24/7 for any doubts/questions. I have been in the course for 2 months and have learned soo much, it's incredible. Also, the focus on post-graduation employment is clear and well-articulated wherein you need to have a goal and Thinkful will help you get there.One word of caution...please don't expect the course to be easy and for you to just breeze through it. Learning takes time, dedication and motivation; if you can balance and maintain these things, you will find yourself learning many practical and fascinating concepts. As a lifelong student of traditional on-campus schools and colleges, I was wary of distance ed. This course has quelled all of those fears and I have absolutely no regrets taking the Career Path and would recommend it to anyone looking to learn and work in the web dev field.Read Less",thinkful
"I have been a student at Thinkful for a little over a year in the Python Programming course. I am 50 years old, married with a couple of kids. I also have a demanding job in IT at a company in the Boston area. I highly recommend Thinkful because of the... Read More immersion that is difficult to reproduce any other way. The immersion consists of a dedicated mentor who will collaborate with you as you learn how code and how to properly communicate with others on your programming projects using tools such as Github and TravisCI. In the process, I learned skills and vocabulary have become second nature. As a Thinkful student, you will not only learn how to code, but also how to speak the language which is an invaluable skill required to land coding jobs as a freelancer or a full time developer. The assignments can seem daunting at first, but the Thinkful mentors I worked with helped me get over that initial fear of what I didn't know when I started the course. Even though I had a hectic schedule, I did manage to finish the Thinkful Python Programming course. Sign up and make the commitment and you will be surprised how much you can learn and develop your skills. Learning never stops. It is a life long process. Thinkful is like vitamins for your professional growth.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful is an awesome Bootcamp. The mentoring community is of great help. I was blessed to have Derek as my Program manager. He is a very supportive and amicable person. He understands that real people can have real problems in life and that they can... Read More need some time to take a pause in the course. Thanks again Derek :)Moreover, all the mentors are highly qualified. If anyone put their 100% efforts in the program and of course live and breathe code during boot camp days then they will definitely land up in the job.Way to go Thinkful. You guys totally rock ...Read Less",thinkful
"I am a recent Thinkful graduate (11/30/2017) and I can honestly say that enrolling in Thinkful was one of the best career decisions that I have made. Before Thinkful I had tried a lot of other online courses, but had never been very successful. What differentiates... Read More Thinkful in my mind is the mentorship, Slack channel, and Q&amp;A sessions, so you are never alone. Learning to program is hard work and not having to learn it alone makes a huge difference. After graduating I had an amazing career counselor that worked with me and I was able to find a job within a couple of months as a Front End Developer. My new career would not have been possible without the amazing people at Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"I did the flex fullstack development program through Thinkful in 2016. I had an awesome experience. My mentor was great - very knowledgable and good at translating between code speak and normal speak while I picked things up. I was supported through putting... Read More together and polishing a portfolio and got great support in interviewing for jobs. I landed my first dev job within 5 weeks of starting to search and upgraded to a second job for more pay after 6 months. My one critique is that the curriculum was lacking in parts (at least as of 2016 it was) so I had to do some supplementation to really grasp concepts. Not the worst, since I have to do that daily on the job, but something to keep in mind.Read Less",thinkful
"It's hard to find a criticism of this program. I always had an interest in learning how to code and I even looked (and got accepted) into competing bootcamps before deciding on Thinkful. The deciding factor for me was that I could learn on my own time... Read More and still work my day job, since I couldn't drop everything for 12 weeks. This ended up being the best decision for me because I had no prior experience. Working at my own pace allowed me to become comfortable with the material and my mentor helped me work through any issues I came across. I was so pleased with my progress that I went from the part time web development program to the full time web development career path. That allowed me to have 3 mentor sessions a week which was more immersive and made me feel more accountable for my work.Since this is a review for people who are weighing their options I will say that your success depends on you. You could learn on your own but there is only so far you can go without any assistance. Having a mentor helps and in my experience, the mentors have a wealth of knowlege and are extremely helpful. There is also a very active community on Slack as well as live Q&amp;A sessions where you can go for more information or if you have any questions.I had multiple mock interviews and my mentor constantly worked with me to iron out how I could present myself to potential employers. That personal attention helped me land my first job since I was prepared for the whiteboarding and coding challenges they gave. I was prepared for my interview, but I knew that if it didn't work out I could learn from what went wrong and take it to the career support team and they would help me improve. Now I work alongside people with CS degrees and contribute as a peer.Overall, I have had a great experience with Thinkful and I definitely recommend it to anyone who has the drive and determination to become a developer.Read Less",thinkful
"I'm going to be honest - I was previously on some of those free resources like DataCamp before joining Thinkful Data Science program(wanted to make sure I actually could learn Python) and let me just say that this program is way better.One issue with... Read More those free resources is just that I would get stuck and not know who to talk to - dont get me wrong, those free resources are great but I have spent countless hours on stack overflow trying to find answers. Being able to talk to someone either over video or even via slack has saved me so much time.But also, I think most importantly is that I am applying these different concepts to real data - this isnt the Titanic dataset but real data (I personally am very interested in the health care space so I chose a hospital dataset I found on kaggle). I've already been using these skills at my current job and I can confidently save that my boss is already impressed at how much ive grown.Would strongly recommend to anyone interested in learning Data ScienceRead Less",thinkful
"Thinkful was the best career decision. I am an older woman and after 15 years wanted to completely change directions into web development. I wasn't sure I could do this with no experience of programming before I started. I was totally wrong!!! I was able... Read More to complete the whole course and get a job making more money then I had at any of my past jobs. Going through this course changed everything in my life. It was the job guarantee that made me look twice at this company. They have more support then any other program I research. You have a Program Manager that keeps all your goals in order and focused. The 1:1 mentorship gave the support and accountability I needed to be able to complete this course. By the time my course was over I was so sad to not be meeting with my mentor anymore, he was the greatest. Career services were awesome as well, making sure I was putting my best impression forward at all time and in all avenues.Read Less",thinkful
"The 1:1 meetings with your mentor are super helpful - my mentor had 8 years of experience in the industry and in just 1 week of the course, I learned way more than I was learning by myself on CodeAcademy. Additionally, they had these Q+A sessions all... Read More the time so I never worried about talking to someone.Thinkful you clearly have your eye on support which is awesome - keep it up!Read Less",thinkful
"I was in the front end course and having access to a mentor who is a professional in an industry was super helpful. I have now completed the course and internally switched roles to a developer role but I can confidently say that in just my first 2 weeks... Read More of the program, I learned more than I ever had on CodeAcademy. Additionally, the Q+A sessions were also extremely helpful in case I got stuck between my mentoring sessions - they had these Q+A sessions literally all the time and they definitely were a code savior.Keep up the great work Thinkful!Read Less",thinkful
"The Front-end course at Thinkful was one of the best experiences that I've had during my journey to become a developer. They have a easy to read and understand, yet thorough material set. I started with no knowledge of programming or writing markup, and... Read More afterwards was able to build sites from the ground up. One of the reasons that I feel I got so much out of the program is that I was able to have one on one time with a mentor. I could talk through the problem that I was stuck on and they would help me figure it out. The keyword being help, you don't learn anything from someone spoon feeding you the answers. Learning to solve problems is such an important skill. The other reason that I enjoyed the program is that I never once felt like I was competing against my peers. I was able to work at my own pace and not burn myself out. I did move from Thinkful to an on location bootcamp and I feel I can say that people are able to learn without coding 16+ hours a day. I want to explain the 1 star for Job Assistance. During my enrollment at Thinkful they didn't really have any career help after the program. They have since started a career assistance section. I haven't taken it so I can't give an honest opinion of it.Read Less",thinkful
"Before my first day of learning at Thinkful, I had minimal knowledge on programming. I dabbled with some exercises in Free Code Camp and Codeacademy, but I felt that I would personally benefit from a mentor who could help me further understand the logic... Read More of the code, answer my questions, and recommend best practices. I looked through a variety of online and on-site programs and thought that Thinkful fit my needs: it offered a flexible track (which was ideal since I worked full-time), emphasized the mentor-mentee model, had a supportive community both online and on-site, and a team from career services to guide you on the job hunt. ​Curriculum:  I found Thinkful's curriculum to be organized and straightforward. They lay out the basics and take you through advanced lessons with examples and exercises. They also have assignments and capstones that help you really solidify what you have learned while being creative with your personal projects (which is always fun!). I will say that there were some topics that I thought could have been explained clearly and thoroughly. With that, you would need to constantly use Google, StackOverflow and other resources to research topics that may seem unclear. To add onto this, you have your mentor, Thinkful/Slack community and Q&amp;A sessions hosted by mentors on a variety of topics that you can turn to for questions; they are usually very responsive and helpful. As many reviews here have said, this curriculum will be difficult at times. Given that there is so much to learn in a short amount of time, it is completely understandable that anyone can feel frustrated or overwhelmed (I know I did!). But don't give up! Throughout this track, you would need to stay patient, dedicated and willing to work hard. It will pay off nicely in the end, especially when you complete those capstones.Instructors/Community: Students get an hour-long mentor session three times a week. Mentor sessions could include anything from curriculum Q&amp;As, coding exercises/pair programming, or interview prep. My mentor Aleksandar Grbic has been nothing short of amazing. As someone who comes from a background completely unrelated to tech, I first felt intimidated by all the new information. Alex has helped me better understand programming concepts by offering clear explanations. For instance, I started off from ""What is an object??"" to building projects that use them. He has been patient, thorough, understanding, and would offer advice on real-world expectations in the world of web development, which is extremely valuable. This may vary by city, but we have a local Thinkful group managed by the awesome Peter Kim in Atlanta, GA. We meet bi-weekly to meet other Thinkful students and mentors, showcase capstone projects (and gaining feedback), go through coding challenges, and ask mentors questions. We also learn more about the local tech industry through meet-ups/events or job opportunities shared by mentors and students. I love my Thinkful family and their passion for coding. I would say that our meetings have truly enriched my experience.Job Assistance:While I am not yet at the point of working with the career services team, I have participated in a web conference that interviewed Thinkful graduates about their experiences on finding jobs. Overall, it seemed like a positive experience. I could also note other instances where people from the Thinkful community have assisted in making the job hunt easier. On Slack, students would post their resumes or portfolio pages for review and receive feedback. In my local Thinkful group, we would share opportunities to attend recruiting events together. There were also some mentors who would assist you in finding leads in some companies. Overall Experience:I'm currently on my fourth month of the flexible web development track, and looking back, I have to say that I definitely learned so much that I can now confidently create awesome projects that I am passionate about. Because of its dedication to student success, I would highly recommend Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"I've checked out nearly all of the coding bootcamps that are being offered near my location. I initially avoided the online programs since, as an educator at a university, it's a real challenge to offer the same quality and experience in an online environment... Read More compared to physically being in a classroom. However, in my evaluation process I was continually disappointed with many aspects of the programs available. Several were struggling to get qualified instructors with any significant experience, class sizes were clearly too large to manage, recruiters seemed to be struggling to get qualified students who could handle the rigorous load, and the cost was extremely high with no factual evidence presented that graduates were getting jobs.Then I came across Thinkful. After several weeks of asking questions via email and evaluating the information provided, I decided to interview with an advisor. What a difference! Noel answered all of my questions and I never once got the impression that I was the target of a marketing campaign to fill a seat. Afterwards, I met online with Derek, a program manager, who gave me a clear idea of what to expect, as well as, some initial advice on what it would realistically take for me to switch careers - again, no meaningless slogans or false consolations. As a matter of fact, I immediately took his advice and I'm already talking with individuals in the field to improve my chances of getting a job even though I'm only three weeks into the curriculum.A major benefit of the Thinkful approach is the mentor. There's no substitute for being able to have access to a professional developer when you're trying to master these types of skills. Sure, anyone can buy the textbook and complete the assignments, but it's the instructor that makes the difference in the quality of the learning experience. My mentor, Vincent, has a great deal of experience which is evident when he critiques my solutions and responds to my questions. This type of one-on-one mentorship is exactly what I anticipated since I want to be able to think and code like an experienced web developer, not just complete some assignments.I'm also impressed with the way the program is designed to accommodate the learning pace of the student. This may be one of the most under appreciated aspects of education, especially when your objective is mastery of a set of skills. The pace flows with me so I never feel like I need to rush over a topic because the class is moving on to something else. When I need more practice, or just want to take some time to explore a related topic, I can do so without worry that I'm holding anyone else back. Obviously, the longer I take to finish, the greater the cost, but I want to make certain that I can effectively use the skills I'm learning.To get job-ready skills, it's clear that I need to put in a great deal of time and effort. This means reading everything I can get access to, searching through resources, asking questions, attending local meetups, seeking out workshops, and writing code everyday. The resources and people at Thinkful have been instrumental in giving me the direction I expected and is definitely worth the cost. I'm sincerely glad I took the time to explore this program!Read Less",thinkful
"I've been in the Web Development Career Path track for almost a month and have been very impressed with the curriculum, the Thinkful community, the staff ,and my mentor. There's no doubt that the coursework is substantial, but Thinkful help and support... Read More is never far away. The Thinkful staff periodically reach out to see how I'm doing, I've already had one call to discuss career plans, and my mentor is awesome. The three sessions every week really help keep me on track (especially since I'm also working full-time) and it's great to discuss what I'm learning with someone who has been doing this work for years.Read Less",thinkful
"I have been around the block in terms of learning basic python learning (in the hopes to get some data science chops): I've dabbled in Code Academy, General Assembly intro classes and a few free resources. The main issue I kept running into is integrating... Read More Python skills with Data Science. All other courses out there will teach you basic Python syntax, but getting the context-- how do I use this in real life and to solve data science problems-- is hard to get a grasp on. Thinkful's prep course is the best introduction to Data Science out there. It teaches you the basics of Python in the context of data science -- so you are learning programming with purpose. The curriculum is well-written, witty, and engaging-- with plenty of opportunity to practice as you go. Though I haven't taken the full bootcamp (I don't feel it's the right time for me right now) I would absolutely go to Thinkful in the future to pursue Data Science further.With that said, the one area I feel they could improve is the mentorship experience. I realize it's a tough nut to crack--matching the right people together, and quickly-- but there needs to be some more centralized approach to improve quality. For example, my mentor didn't really help guide my Final Project for the prep course based on the criteria that I was being graded on. He coached me through Python issues I was having, but ultimately my project ended up being less ""data sciencey"" than was expected of me.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently enrolled in thinkful's Flexible web development bootcamp and here's my experience so far. It took me a while to finally commit to thinkful, a lot of research and asking around. a lot of other school out there offeres the same or if not... Read More almost the same curiculum as thiknkful. but what actually caught my attention was their promise to land you or at least help you land a job. and since i'm doing this to change careers these option works best for me. I started with a call with NOEL your friendly thinkful walking wikipedia who i think knows everything you need to know about thinkful. after he answered all my questions i know i'm in. he sent me the link to the enrollment pageNote: one thing i love about thinkful is they offer a a lot of payment options. which really really help. they're working with skill funds for any one who needs to take a loan. after i enrolled, i got scheduled with Aric my program manager who walked me through on how the course will be. he was staright out on what to exoect from them and what they expect from. after that i had my first mentor interview scheduled, which i think cause my mentor flaked on me, but i'm pretty sure he has a valid reason. i sent an email out to aric and the thinkful support team, they responded pretty quick. i got a little late with my mentor sessions but it's ok cause they provided me with a new mentor Kris Craw who is by the way an amazing mentor. his style in teaching works prefect for me. i don't know about other mentor but this guy is the best, he actually gives a lot of pro-tips which helps a lot in moving forward, his tips makes your coding life more easier. i'm currenty doing the JQuery lessons and so far everything has been great.this course like every other course really depends on how your outlook is. if you're willing to learn you will learn a lot of new amazing things. what i really suggest to anyone planning to enroll is try out codecademy free material its not 100% the same but i think its the closest you can get on how their material feels like, this is a good way to see if you can commit into an on-line coding class. cause it's not easy you need dedication. one last thing i want to add. i think what makes thinkful really stand-out than others are their mentor sessions, this helps a lot specially in understanding the lessons. or giving you tips.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently a student in Thinkful's Flex (Part Time) Fullstack Web Dev Program and could not be any more pleased. The amount of information at your fingertips once you are a student here is truly incredible. All of this information is no doubt available... Read More online, but Thinkful provides most of it for you flawlessly through its lesson based curriculum. No more digging through countless open tabs piecing together pieces of stackoverflow answers to come up with the basic information you are seeking, hoping that it is still relavant. For the most part, the important aspects to understaning the material is provided clean and concise and there are always links for recommended resources to further explore and understand each lesson's topic(s).With that said, researching topics on your own is integral to the process of truly understanding concepts and becoming sussessful as a programmer / coder. Having read some of the reviews saying Thinkful should provide more information to students, I have to say I could not disagree more. I studied Computer Science for roughly 3 years at UMass Boston and although I learned alot about data structures and CS theory, the amount of information we were required to learn on our own was astonishing. I had a class on algorithm efficiency that used Java for any projects or test questions and our professor did not even know Java, he would show examples (rarely) in C even though the course tested / used Java! Point being, in any other setting this amount of information bundled into easy to read lessons coupled with working examples is unheard of, at least in my experience. I have learned more hands on, real world coding skills that you might see at an actiual job in 2 months with Thinkful than the three years spent studying CS. Also, the attention to creating projects with the prupose of using them on an actual portfolio website is awesome. Not only do these projects teach us different aspects of web dev and give us practice with each of these topics, but they are the very things that will help us land a future career. In my opinion, that is priceless. My only wish is that I had heard about Thinkful sooner!Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful is totally worth your time and money. It is the most efficient and professionally designed online course that I've participated in. I would highlight several differentiating points:1) 1-1 mentorship makes a big difference. I have a fantastic... Read More mentor Victor who helps me not only with code, but also advises on many latest industry tips and tools. Having a good mentor makes 50% of your success. 2) Good structure and course design. This bootcamp gives you very close to reality tasks and you can always review them with your mentor. No need to follow strict solutions by the textbook - you can always be creative and invent something on your own and test it.3) Mock interviews. That's another great thing about Thinkful - you can always practice how it will feel like in the real interviews and understand what are your strong points and what things you can improve. Now I have better understanding about job market and what people would look for in hiring process.4) Support and community. I just can't describe how responsive, flexible and open everybody is here. Program manager Derek, Ariana and Noel from support team - everybody can answer my questions or even adjust my schedule anytime. And also student community can be very helpful to ask questions and to keep motivation high.5) Flexibility and smooth career transition. For me it was extremely important to have access to the course from any place in the world without sacrificing my full-time job. I don't know other bootcamps that can offer such flexibility.After struggling with self-study coding courses Thinkful became a true breakthrough and made me believe that I can build things and find answers on my own. It's worth it!Read Less",thinkful
"My experience with Thinkful was extremely positive from the beginning. Before enrolling, I wanted to make sure that I would be able to get a mentor that really worked with me. They asked me for guidelines in choosing a mentor for me, and assured me that... Read More I could request a change if we didn't ""click."" Luckily, we did. The material is very well-presented in an order that makes sense. You dive in actually writing code right away, and work on projects throughout. These projects provide not only hands-on learning, but finished pieces you can show to prospective employers. Many are still in my portfolio today. The weekly sessions with your mentor are what what really set this program apart from others, IMO. My mentor was great. She helped me when I needed it without just fixing things for me, which helped me understand things. She was available by email outside our scheduled sessions. She was AWESOME. In addition to mentors, there is a student community where you can post your projects for help or feedback, both from other students and other TAs and mentors. This is frequently the fastest way to get help. There are also office hours daily (or close to daily) via google hangout with different mentors. Anyone can go into the office hours hangout and get help or ask questions. Sometimes the mentor will talk about aspects of the industry if there's not people that need help with specific questions. This was SO valuable! I also found the support staff to be friendly and quick to respond to technical issues or feedback. When I finished my course at Thinkful I felt confident as a junior front end developer. I would highly recommend this program to anyone, especially those looking for something in between completely self-directed study like Treehouse and a full bootcamp. I believe that since I finished, they have expanded the course to include job search assistance, which would make it even more valuable.Read Less",thinkful
"First off - let me say this: I put going to pursue my four year degree on the backburner to attend Thinkful.I already had prior experience and a good coding knowledge, but needed direction and mentorship more than anything. I could tell from the moment... Read More I enrolled at Thinkful that everyone was there to help to their fullest capacity.I have progressed relatively quick through the course due to my past experience, but my mentor has been a tremendous help on advanced topics and workflow. The guy seems to know literally everything about everything.Additionally, Thinkful comes with a job guarantee for certain cities. The strategy they roll out to help you get the job is amazing. It forces you to make real world connections and not just shotgun your resume everywhere. While I'm not 100% in the career services phase yet, the contact I have had with them so far shows that they are completely committed and very knowledgable in what they are doing.I highly reccomend Thinkful even if you're an absolute beginner. The value of a mentor and a team devoted to you in priceless.Read Less",thinkful
"Background: My full-time job was completely unrelated to programming. I had a few hobbies that surrounded computers (gaming, computer building) and I had just started working on the front-end portion of a free codecademy lesson (HTML/CSS). I was looking... Read More for another career that would challenge me everyday and could give me a way to be creative and design experiences for people for a variety of reasons. This career also has the benefit of bringing in more money than I was making at my other job.The Course: I've been in the 6-month flexible full stack course for about 4 months now. I have learned more practical technical skills in that time than I ever thought possible. With that said, this course is not easy, and if you're expecting something simple and fast, you're looking in the wrong field. The course is written to challenge you and force you to work through problems using skills its shown. It also challenges you to use the most important resource known to any developer: Google. I gave the Curriculum a 4/5 because at times I am frustrated by it, but that is remedied by the one-on-one attention I'm given from my mentor.Mentors: Initially, I was matched with a mentor who did not seem completely onboard with the whole process. I'm not sure if he was new or burnt out, but our first two conversations weren't what I was hoping to get out of the course. I spoke to my program manager and he was immediately willing to move me to another mentor, the one I currently work with, without very much prompting. I was very happy with how flexible he was willing to be to make sure I got what I needed to learn. Just being able to be open and honest with the manager has been a huge help and my new mentor is also responsive to my needs as a learner. My program manager is also always willing to meet during times available on his calendy. This is a HUGE benefit because it affords me the contact of multiple professionals in the field, giving me that much more mentorship. On top of that, Q&amp;A sessions are available from a variety of other mentors during specific times, during which I'm able to ask specific questions. Funny enough, my mentor is very much into server-side coding, and my manager is the biggest CSS/front-end enthusiast I’ve met. Having both of them to teach and guide me has been absolutely amazing.Job assistance: Although I haven't even reached the end of my time in Thinkful, I’m already able to work with local mentors to start a job search. It is extremely important to attend meetups if they are available in your area, as these provide opportunities to network and meet other professionals, some of whom may be hiring. At one such meetup, I made an arrangement with a Thinkful manager to showcase one of my projects and to meet some professionals in the field at a company nearby.Overall:This course is for the dedicated and determined, but it's not like college or another school. You’re working with real professionals in the field who can teach you exactly what you need to be successful.Read Less",thinkful
"I recently finished the iOS Swift course by Thinkful. The curriculum is simple to follow and taught me how to build an app from scratch, with hardly any prior coding knowledge. There are also meetings for Thinkful students in the Atlanta area which I... Read More found motivational in learning to code. My weekly meetings with my mentor were helpful when I got stuck or wanted to learn how to do things that were beyond the curriculum.Read Less",thinkful
"I started the online course with some apprehension, but I was quickly relieved once I started my weekly meetings with my mentor. I love that the course is designed so that you can work at your own pace, which makes it great for people who work full time.... Read More On top of getting weekly video calls with your mentor to get feedback and discuss your work, mentors are also available via Slack and email throughout the week. I have learned so much in such a short amount of time, and I am already applying what I've learned to my design process. The Thinkful site is very well organized and the tools make it easy to keep track of all the coursework. Overall, it has been a great experience!Update: Over a year after completing this course, I have moved up in my current role and have taken on additional projects that utilize the skills learned in the Thinkful course. I am grateful for the experience because it gave me perspective and insights that I couldn't have just learned ""on the job."" I would encourage anyone interested in learning a new skill or improving their current skills to enroll in the course.Read Less",thinkful
"I completed two Thinkful courses: frontend and web design. Frontend already 3 years ago and web design 2 years ago.First of all, I want to say many thanks to my teachers - Matthew Phillips and Alissa Pierce. They motivated and inspired me every session.... Read More They made me believe in myself.I'm a lucky person because I have found a profession I love - already for 3 years I'm a frontend developer. But I started as a Thinkful student, that was my first and probably the most important step. I like Thinkful for two things: the ability to study what you really want to study online for an affordable price and for the huge support during the course. Then you are at the beginning of your career it's really hard to believe in yourself, to believe that one day you'll become a good specialist. And my opinion that mentors in Thinkful are doing a great job to make you self-assured, to make you believe that you can do it!Now I can look back and see the difference, see that I did make it. And I know I would not make it without this first steps, without this help and knowledge I got from Thinkful courses. I don't know where I will be in one, two, three years, but I know that if you want something really hard you'll get it: not at one moment, but step by step. Thinkful already helped me in many steps and I'm not going to stop.Read Less",thinkful
I am new to this field of UX design. It was wonderful experience learning something new.,thinkful
"I am currently still working with Thinkful after the phase I introduction phase and this has been the best experience to date to learn programming.I have tried other programs to learn the same material but for some reason the way Thinkful teaches just... Read More sticks with me the best. The combination of reading and applying that knowledge I find to be the best way to progress effectively.Have the one on one mentor time I think is one of the best parts about this program. As an introvert, I struggle in larger class settings but having one person to talk to about what I am working on works for me very well. I find that am able to ask all the questions I may have been hesitant in a classroom setting and thus I am moving forward to ideally become a software engineer.Read Less",thinkful
"Applying to Thinkful was one of the best decisions I have ever made. I completed the full-time fullstack JavaScript course in August 2017. It was a huge time commitment, but I was lucky enough to be able to give the course 100% attention. I probably put... Read More a minimum of 40 hours a week for the entire length of the course. If you put in the time and work, and have a passion for becoming a developer, this is definitely the place for you.The teachers were great, the mentor system was amazing, and the Thinkful network is absolutely incredible. If I ever needed help or advice on something, I would be able to reach out to someone and get an answer or pointed in the right direction in a timely manner. I would say the thing that I was most impressed with was the effort so many people put in during the job search. I would get slack messages a few times a week with job postings that fit what I was looking for. One of those slack messages ended up being the job I accepted! I hit a bit of a snag during my job search and my career coach revamped my resume and I believe it really helped me finding my eventual job.Expect to learn a ton of new stuff, really really quickly. It can get overwhelming but all you have to do is keep moving forward. Let people know if you're not understanding the material, the last thing you want to do is fall behind. Everything will come together in the end, you just have to work hard every day for the entire length of the course.Read Less",thinkful
This program is great for people with an interest in programming code for websites. It takes you step by step and allows even those only mildly familiar with coding to be successful. I had two college courses in Java and a computer literacy course as... Read More my only background and I have been having a fairly easy time of things. I was at an advantage due to my prior exposure but the way they lay things out was easy for anyone to follow and more importantly there is an amazing community of people willing and eager to help you through tough spots or just challenge you to think of coding in a different way.Read Less,thinkful
"Being enrolled for almost one month at Thinkful Flexible Web Development bootcamp, and so far, I can say that I had the greatest (and toughest) learning experience in my life!The dream to dig into the ""Coding_World"" finally came true, and the reason I... Read More chose to enrol at Thinkful was for the great Curriculum they offer on the Web Development bootcamp; looking at the ""real World"" requirements, I believe their Curriculum is a great match.The learning-path has been fantastic, in one month I went from a novice level to feel completely comfortable in subject such as HTML/CSS/Git/JavaScript (working on it)....said that, the path itself is not an easy one, it requires quite a lot of dedication, passion, curiosity...not everything is ""given"" lots of resources have to be found from the student, and as much it may seem ""difficult"", it is a great learning skill that will be easily (and for sure) applied in a working-environment...bottom line, skills like problem-solving, or going the ""extra-mile"" are extremely appreciated by potential employer.Speaking about the learning path, I found extremely useful interact (3x week) with my mentor (Akiva) ... I think the mentor is the greatest integration to the material, being able to give direction, to highlight concepts in a different way, and to advice on the points where to focus.In conclusion, I am really happy about my experience at Thinkful; I feel that the hard coding-hours have being rewarded with learning results....solving and understanding hard-topics, build confidence...and confidence gives energy to learn more and more. Bottom line, my Program Manager told me the first day ""...do not be afraid of hard moment, think at how is rewarding solving them!..."" - I completely agree.Main reasons for my great experience at Thinkful:- Curriculum- Mentorship- Projects- feeling to be ready for a ""real"" Working environment.Read Less",thinkful
"Before I write about Thinkful I'd like for people to know of my prior knowledge about bootcamps from friends I have. My two friends went to MKS in San Fran, it cost them over 20k each for 3 months because of the cost of living in San Fran as well as tuition.... Read More They both obtained jobs within 6 months of graduation.I chose Thinkful over MKS or Hack Reactor because I was able to keep my job which is not something I could find anywhere else and I could also go at my own pace with the part time program. Thinkful is the most affordable of all the top bootcamps and the mentoring is like working with other professional devs from day 1.//I have yet to finish the coursework as I just started in July. However the curriculum is exactly the same as what you would learn at places like MKS and I know this because I had 2 friends //who went there. If you have some prior knowledge in html css or js you will probably finish in about 4 months with the part time program.I have finished the course, I did so 2 years ago and from that I became a react developer. I found the position on my own, it wasn't hard you just need some good projects on your github and to prepare for the interviews. If you are considering a bootcamp, I would just say to think about this: Why pay more money for the same curriculum? And also if you have bills to pay so you need to keep working rather than get 3-6 months off, it's highly unlikely you will find a program with mentors that can be available whenever you need them, which is how thinkful is setup.TLDR:In short Thinkful is the most affordable top bootcamp with a network of mentors that doesnt exist anywhere else. It is the best option for people who cant take 3-6 months off whether you be a total noobie or have some prior knowledge. And finally in my opinion I would say that it is also the best option if you do have that time off and participate in the full time program and that is because of the vast network of mentors they have. Thinkful got me a job with the skills they provided me and I didn't break the bank to do it.Read Less",thinkful
"Recently I completed the Frontend Web Development course (individual skilled course) after a period of 3 months, spending about 10/15 hours a week on the learning materials and exercises. Much more time, however, was spent on my capstone project in which... Read More you apply all you have learned.The course was a great experience and very rewarding to me:The web portal is very user-friendly;The learning material is not dry and strikes the right balance between theory and practical hands-on examples;Being paired with a mentor, though is in my opinion, the real key to the success of Thinkful's course concept as it will motivate you to stay on track and in case stuck there is help out there. My mentor Andrew was amazing, very experienced, great communicator and very flexible in case life got in the way. He provided me with many great (re)sources which I (will) consult on a regular basis going forward. Also brainstorming with him about my capstone project was fun and very helpful. This course did not feel like any other course in the sense that pretty much from day 1 you will be hands-on with quick results. All exercises are interesting and for the more elaborate exercises (interactive quiz, capstone project) it is up to you how to fill them in, as long as it meets the given requirements.The course felt definitely more as a ""hobby"" than a ""tedious"" learning experience.Read Less",thinkful
"Pros -The course helped me realize how the front end of websites workThe course material was well put together and thoroughHelps build your resume and give you projects to displayOne on Ones with experienced developers to help guide you when you get stuck... Read MoreSemi self-teaching approach. I currently work for another bootcamp now and this is something I try to embed into students brains.I can hold your hand throughout the course but what happens when I'm gone?Cons - My instructor seemed to be preoccupied when we would chat. Sometimes not getting enough attention was bothersome.On another note, I've talked to other grads and they had amazing experiences and the ones that didn't asked for another instructor and received on immediately.Read Less",thinkful
"I entered thinkful with some fundamental knowledge of programming concepts from an intro course in undergrad, and left with a body of real world applicable development skills. I was working full time, and found 20-30 hours / week for programming. Shortly... Read More after beginning with simple HTML and CSS, we moved to Javascript and some frameworks. From there we touched on NodeJS before settling for the bulk of instruction in the Laravel PHP framework. Experience with my mentor allowed me to gain a footing in many areas of the stack, including dev ops and other related disciplines. The skills I learned working with my mentor directly resulted in a back end developer job offer for a great web app company near my city. I would recommend anyone interested in programming to enroll in a free tutorial program for a couple weeks to make sure you enjoy the ideas presented. Then, immeditately enroll in Thinkful to secure a future in development!Read Less",thinkful
"Studying at Thinkful was an invaluable experience. I am really happy because I have acquired much of new knowledge and I managed to create a small portfolio, demonstrating my new skills. The curriculum is written in a very clean and simple way and you... Read More have full guidance on your projects. Of course as the lessons go by you get to work more independently but there is always enough information and online help to walk through the challenge set. People at Thinkful were really helpful and caring, from my mentor to the Slack community! I hope I will come back to a new course soon!Read Less",thinkful
"Yes ... going through the program got me a position as a Front End Developer coding in ReactJS. I couldn't have got there with out them. Thinkful is amazing ... They stuck with me through it all and were absolutely decidated to my success.For full-time,... Read More the classes are live online and you work in a collaborative, pair programing environment with students around the US using tools like Slack, Screen Hero, and in a live tool similar to Google Hangout. You have a dedicated mentor that you meet with every weekday evening to help you with anything you didn't quite understand. And, they also have multiple live mentor Q&amp;A and workshops every day. The curiculum was focused around the MERN stack (Mongo, Express, ReactJS, Node) in and using Javascript ES6/ES7 ... so, is very current and applicable to the current job market.After graduation, we had daily career meetings where they helped with anything I needed (extra mentoring, reviewing code when job interviews required projects, advice, and encouragement) to weekly one-on-one meetings with a dedicated career coach to advise me on everything from my resume to how to search for a tech job to understanding what was working/what wasn't.Read Less",thinkful
"My first few weeks with Thinkful have been very fulfilling. The support network is strong and incredibly encouraging. As someone with no former coding experience, I am grateful for the structure of this program because it provides a path to a new career... Read More and new experiences. Learning web development is hard, but Thinkful acknowledges that and does everything possible to help along the way.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has been an absolute blessing for me. Going from a retail environment to being on the road to creating apps and websites is mind-blowing for me. The curriculum content is very in depth and really encourages you to practice the material several... Read More times along the way. The one on one mentor meetings is an enormous tool to help you learn quickly and efficiently. Being able to have your questions answered and broken down while seeing it happen on via screen sharing is frankly, invaluable. Be prepared to put time into your course and homework. As many of the reviews stated before I started with Thinkful, it's only as good as the time you put in. Constant practice and reading of the material are required to ensure you're getting a deep understanding and grasp of the content. I'm very happy with my choice to enroll and I look forward to my continuing coding education knowing that I have a great foundation to build on thanks to my time with Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"I have been really impressed by Thinkful. The team are not only friendly, but also extremely efficient. I signed up for the introduction to pyhton course, and have found the course material and assigned mentor to be first rate.",thinkful
"I'm a seasoned software developer/architect/consultant with over 20 years experience under my belt, and I'm a satisfied (returning) Thinkful customer. Technology moves at the speed of light; Thinkful courses keeps me both current and marketable. I don't... Read More have time to scrub the internet looking for resources to help me learn a particular language, platform or technology. Thinkful courses are exactly what I've been looking for; they are expertly outlined, lessons are segmented into manageable, bite-sized pieces, professional, insightful mentors who take your learning style and experience (or the lack thereof) into account. Thinkful just works for me. Did I mention the Thinkful Staff is incredible too? Whatever you're at, Thinkful will meet you there, and help you reach your technological goals. Highly recommend.Read Less",thinkful
"My experience with Thinkful has been a great one! I signed up to take the Front End Web Development course after trying several times to learn HTML, CSS, jQuery and Javascript both on my own and in other online courses, with all attempts ending unsuccessfully.... Read More Thinkful's curriculum and mentor program are the reason their course works so well. The material builds slowly upon itself, so it lays a solid foundation of understanding that then applies to later lessons, concepts, and languages learned. Having a mentor to talk directly to about any questions I had or concepts I found confusing made all the difference in the world. My mentor, Max, was awesome! He was always there to answer any questions and would often walk me through other exercises or examples that helped me see the problem I was stuck on in a different way, therefore unblocking me. I cannot speak highly enough of this program!Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has been an excellent experience that continually reminds me how valuable a $300/mo investment can become if you have a great curriculum and good mentors. I dabbled in very (VERY!) basic HTML before coming to Thinkful but after almost 2 months... Read More of doing the Front End Web Dev course, I feel much more confident in my HTML/CSS skills.My mentor, Morgan, has been extremely helpful in our sessions. What I most appreciate about his approach is the time he takes to clean up my code. Especially at the beginning I would ""finish"" my assignments (in that everything looked up to specs) but my code was messy or the solutions implemented were fragile and unreliable. Morgan is able to carefully tread that line between approving my solution but also helping me understand why a different approach could have been better, and making sure that I understand what clean code looks like. Overall, I have been extremely impressed with Thinkful. I will likely take more courses (.AngularJS and Front End on Rails) once I finish Front End Web Dev. Keep up the good work, Thinkful!Read Less",thinkful
I really enjoyed the experience at Thinkful's Programming in Python. I've been learning Python with various platforms and found that the structure of Thinkful sets it apart from the rest. Being higher priced than others allows the program to provide more... Read More human interaction. My mentor was instrumental in my success and I took part in some Q&amp;A sessions and the Slack channel. My one critique would be that I thought the pace was a bit fast for a class being advertised as beginner. I think some of the course content could be expanded upon before getting into building the programs. I would recommend having some foundations in Python before taking this class. I am interested in continuing my training in the Data Science class that Thinkful offers so I would say that is a testament to their offerings.Read Less,thinkful
"I am currently a Thinkful student in the Flexible Web Development Bootcamp and it has been a really great experience all around, so far. I am about a month and a half in and the one thing that has stood out to me the most is how well the mentors (and... Read More Program Managers) cater to your way of learning. They immediately get a feel for how you learn, what type of pace is a healthy pace for you, and make sure that you are enjoying your experience throughout the course. All in all, I would definitely recommend Thinkful for anyone interested in diving into the world of web development in a new, fun way.Read Less",thinkful
"I had a powerful learning experience with Thinkful's Data Science track. I was grateful for the mentor's extensive background, and he brought in a valuable perspective on the course materials. The curriculum itself was challenging, and forces the user... Read More to learn how to interpret the online documentation for the various libraries used. This is beneficial for the long term - a data scientist needs to know current tools but also needs to be able to pick up new tools quickly, and Thinkful delivers on both. Occasionally there were some old links and some vague directions in the curriculum, but the Thinkful slack channel, the mentor, and the admins were quick to respond with help.Read Less",thinkful
"I was a student in the Front End Web Development course and I got a lot out of it. The program layout is very helpful and the mentor they assigned to me is excellent. I would recommend this course to anyone who is looking to start from the beginning or... Read More who has been away from the subject and needs a good refresher course. Because of my start at Thinkful, I was able to move in the direction that lead me to my career as a computer consultant.Read Less",thinkful
"About a year and a half ago, I was like you. I was reading through these course report reviews trying to decide on which bootcamps to take. After reading hundreds of reviews (literally), I decided to take Thinkful's Full Time Web Development Course. There... Read More were couple of deciding factors:1. Ease of EnrollmentWhile some might argue that a good bootcamp needs to be hard, I wholeheartedly disagree. I think a good school needs to be able to take someone whose level is at absolute 0 and be able to teach him/her all the skills required to become 100. For this reason, Thinkful was perfect for me. They gave me a 2-week assignment to follow, which I was able to finish with little difficulty. Then, I had some skype interviews to talk about my goals, personalities. After that I was admitted and ready to learn. However, don't let this fool you to think it's an easy course. I got employed within 2 months of graduation. That tells you how complete this course is.2. ContentsSpeaking of the 'completeness' of the course, Thinkful definitely surprised me. At the time of searching, Thinkful was the only bootcamp that made all of its course materials end-to-end. I'm talking about chrome extensions, skype-like video lecture room, bootstrap-themed responsive course notes that you can view from your phone, easy-to-follow lecture slides, etc. You also get life-time access to these contents even after you graduate (and they get updates as well). It's different from other bootcamps where it looks like they ctrl-c/v some notes from wikipedia or blogs into craiglist-styled webpages. If the content makers were that dedicated to creating their own contents full-stack, I knew I could trust them into making me a full-stack developer. 3. MentorsUnlike other bootcamps I was searching at that time, Thinkful offered what's called a 1-on-1 mentorship (on daily basis). I knew that I learn best when I have a person to interact with. So, I decided to go with Thinkful. Although I was only given 30-40 minutes of mentorship everyday, my mentor, Jason was very generous with time and effort. We would work on concepts, problems that I did not understand during lectures/projects. The instructors are also extremely dedicated to helping students. When I requested some 1-on-1 tutoring (other than mentorship) outside of course, everyone was willing to devote their time into teaching extra. Obviously, you have to show effort, but when you do, teachers will match your enthusiasm.4. Size of ClassroomThis was an important factor to me because I wanted to be appreciated as a student. I didn't want a course where I have to wait hours before someone could answer my question. At the same time, I didn't want a course where my only interaction is with a teacher (not enough pair programming experience). To me, the ideal size of classroom would be somewhere aronud 10 students. That way, you have mutual interaction between teachers and students. At the time of enrollment, Thinkful's course had maximum of 8 students (they refused to accept more due to same reason). By the end of the course, I made some life-time friends and mentors, whom I still reach out to.5. Career SupportBefore researching on coding bootcamps, I thought to myself, ""If a bootcamp does not have a great career support, I might as well be doing a self-study."" It was already intimidating to spend thousands of dollars on learning something I wasn't familar with. I wanted to make sure I get some kind of fail-safe insurance. Thinkful provided 6 months guarantee, which is a promise of full refund in case of unemployment 6 months after graduation date. Most of top-tier bootcamps didn't provide this option (probably because they wanted to advertise that they can 'confidently' place students in jobs without the 'insurance'). Truth is, getting a job isn't all about a student's excellence. Sometimes, it's really about how lucky you are. I've seen students (from Thinkful or other top bootcamps) who are miles better than me struggling to get a job for months. I have no doubt that Thinkful will prepare you to become employable by great companies, but it shouldn't hurt to have a back-up plan, just in case that takes longer than 6 months.As for the actual career support, I cannot recommend the program enough. Thinkful takes career support like its own course. After you graduate, you will immediately enter what's called a 'career-search' mode. You will have industry-styled agile scrum meetings every day with career mentors (these are different from your code mentors) who will help you with every career related issues--building resume/portfolio, preparing elevator talks, interview questions, etc. I felt like I was supported by the whole team throughout the day. Plus, the career team usually has pretty big network of recruiters, which was crucial at landing my first job.**That being said, I don't want to give impression that Thinkful works for everyone (that would sound like an ad). It's certainly designed for specific group of people. If you are someone who cares about all the factors listed above, I highly recommend this program. If not, there are other bootcamps (or even self-studies) that will meet your need. As for myself, it worked perfectly. I got my first programming job (working for Intel) within 2 months of graduation.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has a way of teaching that is profound and collectively puts you were you need to be through examples, links to various amounts of information, and the 1 on 1 mentoring. This is an amazing program and I would recommend this one to everyone. The... Read More way the course is it setup could only bring about success to those who use it and take advantage of all the support and content available. Great job and keep up the great work.Read Less",thinkful
I graduated from Thinkful in November of 2017. There are three very valuable features about Thinkful to me: 1.) Flexibility 2.) One on One Mentoring 3.) Soft Skills development. The curriculum is very good and they are constantly updating it so I know... Read More the quality of the content is itteratively improving. I honestly believe that the team I'm working with has their best interest in my success; that makes a big difference. It's a bit expensive but it's worth it.Read Less,thinkful
just have to say I'm having a blast in my front end part time carreer path with thinkul. This is my first online class and the experience has been really good for me. I think the projects are great they have really challenged me to ask a lot of questions... Read More and it has been really great to be able to see what a professional web developer does and how they break down certain designs and how they go about their work flow. My mentor has also been very encouraging and has given me some really good sources to help me out. I was skeptical about doing an online course thought I might get lost in the mix of things but that is not the case here you get a ton of resources to help you through the times where're you get stuck and even in those times at least for me they have been the most helpful forcing me to call upon all my recourses and try to figure things out on own but having an amazing safety net in having the mentor. What I think is my favorite thing about the program is that they are not too hands on and not too hands off with you more then just my ability to code and learn how to learn other languages I have had more confidence in myself and my future after I get out of thinkful I would definitely recommend it and plan on taking more classes in the future hereRead Less,thinkful
I graduated from Thinkful in November of 2017. There are three very valuable features about Thinkful to me: 1.) Flexibility 2.) One on One Mentoring 3.) Soft Skills development. The curriculum is very good and they are constantly updating it so I know... Read More the quality of the content is iteratively improving. I honestly believe that the team I'm working with has their best interest in my success; that makes a big difference. It's a bit expensive but it's worth it.Read Less,thinkful
"Have passed three months into Thinkful's Flex Web Development bootcamp. Working on my first capstone project. I'm really excited about the Slack community. You can get a lot of useful information on Slack from mentors. Sometimes all you need is, to get... Read More in and you right away get some cool tips, ideas or even ways to solve your own project. You have 3 times a week your session with your mentor which gives you an opportunity to understand better on whats going on with your certain code or project. I have absolutely positive feedback about the community, events where you can expend your networking, share information or just learn something new!Read Less",thinkful
"So far I am about a month and a half into Thinkful's flexible web development boot camp. I am just finished my first big project and I am finishing up the introductory section. I have had a great experience with Thinkful so far. When you have a question... Read More that needs to be answered quickly you can go to the Slack community where there are mentors that will answer your question very fast. If you have a more in-depth question there are Q &amp; A sessions going on all day long on various topics that you can jump into via video chat to get your question answered. Finally, you have 3, hour-long sessions with your mentor each week to go over what you are learning. The mentor meetings are extremely valuable. My mentor has helped to clear up topics that I have been confused about. I can't give an accurate rating of the job support as I haven't reached that point in the course yet. Although, if it is anything like the support I have received so far then I know I won't be disappointed. If you are thinking about joining Thinkful and wantt to talk to a current student feel free to email me at strtzy91@gmail.com.Read Less",thinkful
"I enrolled in the flexible bootcamp option, intending to do it after work each day. A week later I ended up losing my job, and thus was able to do the 6 month part time program in closer to 3 months. I should finish early February. Thinkful is so transparent... Read More with what they ask of you as a student, and there are always at least two people you can go to for answers about those larger, career minded questions. As far as the curriculum goes, it’s a very well rounded and well thought out curriculum compared to others I’ve tried. It won’t teach you everything a 4 year university will teach you, but you’ll get a solid base and have a portfolio to show for it. How good your portfolio looks is completely dependent on how much time you put in. Towards the end of the program, there’s time to go back to previous projects and edit them or polish them a little bit as your knowledge expands, but you won’t really need to. They lay everything out so well that it’s super easy to follow along and have a clear vision of where you’re going.Read Less",thinkful
"I'm really impressed with Thinkful so far. I've been enrolled in the flex web dev bootcamp for about two months and have learned a lot. The curriculum is laid out really well and my mentor Nathaniel has been a really nice person to learn from -- he clearly... Read More has a ton of experience and does a good job of explaining the concepts.I tried a bunch of different things before Thinkful including freeCodeCamp, Viking Code School, and a bunch of courses on Udemy. The difference with Thinkful is that they do a good job of providing a polished learning experience from beginner to junior developer. Also, it's really encouraging knowing that I'll have 6 months with a career counselor after I finish the curriculum. This coupled with the consistent check-ins and mock interviews make me feel pretty confident that I'll be able to find a job after I'm done.I would highly recommend this course for someone who has been learning on their own (or is just starting) and feels a little uneasy without a clear path to work through on the way to getting a job. There are some amazing resources out there, but this is the first thing I've done that has allowed me to be less stressed about if I'm spending time on the right things as I learn.Highly recommended to anyone who is interested in this sort of program.Read Less",thinkful
"Overall, I would highly recommend this program to anyone who is looking for a big life change and enjoys the work. I love that I can do it from home and the schedule flexibility it offers. The curriculum is in depth without being too much for a total... Read More beginner to grasp. It can move quickly at times, so some prep can be helpful starting out (Codecademy, freecodecamp, etc). Reach out and utilize the resources you're paying for!Some cons are: The curriculum can be (intentionally) vague at times. The intention is to encourage self-research, reaching out to others for help, and solving problems independently. It can be frustrating, but leads to realistic preparation and expectation for the type of work. Also, the mentor selection is random so the match may not be the best for individual needs. There is an option to request a new mentor, though, if it does not work out.This program will help you in whatever direction you want to go. The mentors, community, and lifestyle changes are easily worth the cost.Read Less",thinkful
Thinkful has been a great experience so far. I love that there is so much flexibility and that I always have my mentors pushing me to do better.,thinkful
"Pros:I was looking into online courses for data science for two reasons: No.1 I didn't have any actual programming experience and this is becoming a very trendy direction to catch on. Maybe not for new jobs or career shift, I wanted to learn new stuff... Read More always. No.2 I do want to know if changing career after three years full time with science background would be a great option for me.I found Thinkful on Meetup and I signed up for free course and info session in downtown Atlanta, GA. I found I was sitll intereted in the course so that I signed up prep course which helped me to get some shadows on data science, especially to know a little about python and the toolkit. My mentor Hallie, who walked me through a lot during our chat sessions. Three time a week was a little too much for me as I was doing part time jobs while looking for new jobs. After four weeks I finished my tiny capstone in which I truly learned a lot as a beginner. I already shared and referred 10 friends to Thinkful. In the mean time I found a great new job then I will be more confident to enroll to the bootcamp.If you are a zero background beginner like me, the prep course is a real trail for you to know if you are a good fit. Without this, I wouldn't have known a lot of people out there keep learning new things and you will have chances to connect with your mentor and expand your network as well. Since I don't need it to find a job but surprisingly I will need python in the new job and I just learned it a bit earlier.Cons: (Not cons exactly)You do need to invest a LOT of time and energy before stepping into the bootcamp while doing your full-time job.Read Less",thinkful
"**Short Version** I was spooked by the whole remote thing. I wasn't sure about who I'd be working with or what the quality of everything would be. If you're on the fence about this school, don't think twice. This is a great program that's been well thought... Read More out, and it's going to get you to where you need to be. I have zero regrets dropping $14k on the full-time program. **Long version** WHY THINKFUL Prior to Thinkful, I went to App Academy in NYC. I made it to three weeks and then quit. I commuted 4 hours from the burbs, and slept 3-4 hours every day. I couldn't retain knowledge, my brain tapped out. After leaving, I set out to find a school that eliminated my biggest issues with App Academy — pace and commute. After much digging, I found Thinkful, and it turned out to be more or less what I was expecting (which is a wonderful thing), after Benjy and Bhaumik fielded my bajillion questions about the program. CURRICULUM The quality of Thinkful's curriculum was the biggest unknown to me, and I'm happy to report that it's legit. You could tell it was crafted with care and attention to detail. Sure, I'd find typos, but if you can get over that, the high quality is apparent. Only once or twice did I need to reference outside resources, but I always heavily favored Thinkful's interpretation of a topic (as opposed to some half-baked or outdated tutorial on the web). The biggest compliment I can give to Thinkful's curriculum is that it reminds me of a textbook — it felt like the foremost authority on the topic at hand. Other than teaching us the skills to confidently be called Web Developers, we learned how to discuss programming topics with others, which I found to be essential in forging the sorts of relationships that would later turn into job opportunities. STAFF With the staff that you work with on a daily basis, you quickly learn that these folks are 100% invested in your success. They genuinely care. I'll go into who I feel were the heroes in my experience. Instructors. I can't understate the importance of the instructors. They create/maintain the learning materials, present them, and are a resource themselves. All of our instructors demonstrated an airtight command of their topic, and they were always available to take questions. (Shout out to Rich, Chris, Joe, Tauhida, and Ray!) Program Manager. Invaluable to me is the person who's running the show, and managing the cohort's day-to-day. Thinkful assigns this person the title of Program Manager. Our PM, Theresa, was exceptional. I can't thank her enough for creating a synergistic, organized, personalized, and human experience. On a daily basis, we submit our thoughts to her (kinda like a diary), and she shrewdly makes adjustments based on your reflections. In the end, you're left with an experience that optimizes your learning and mitigates any peripheral hurdles. She was someone you could go to for anything and everything — positives/negatives, suggestions, questions, complaints, etc. In a remote program, I feel like this was a huge deal. And she was always very quick to respond, even on weekends, or late at night. To me, things felt seamless, but I'd guess a big reason for that is the Program Manager. Thank you, Theresa! Mentor. Your mentor is a big deal. My mentor and I quickly established a rapport and that meant I could reach out to him for questions all the time. This was essential in my development throughout the course, because that meant I'd have minimal logjams, and additional enrichment on top of an already solid foundation. Considering the pace of the course, this is so, so important. SUPPORT You have SO many support avenues at Thinkful. Firstly, throughout the day, you have the TAs. Our TAs were stellar. I'm talking about Elias, Sidharth and Joshua. They're teaching us not only the solution to problems, but how to think about solving problems, and how to think about the bigger picture. Slowly but surely, their problem solving habits become our own, and to be given that skill is important for any uncharted territory that you have to tread later on. My only complaint is that on some days, there would be a significant wait because of students in the queue, but most of the time it wasn't bad at all. I already covered having a mentor earlier so I'll skip that. There's always email and Slack, and folks in the full-time program get back to you within a day at the very most. Often, you get responses instantly. There's also a general ""front end web dev"" channel where you can post questions, but it's hit-or-miss. You can also ask questions during the daily workshop (where the instructor is presenting the new material). Or you can catch the instructors before or after the workshop, which I did several times. Or, sometimes instructors would stay and help you well after end-of-day (looking at you Chris Klanac). They are the most knowledgeable in their particular topic and they were pretty easy to get a hold of. When you get support, everyone's got a positive attitude (which was helpful for my sometimes negative/angry attitude lol). You never feel like you're rushed or wasting someone's time. You never feel punished if you're wrong. You're given help by an intelligent, polite, tactful person that's just trying to get you on board with the day's concepts. My one major gripe I have with Thinkful are their Q&amp;A sessions. This is like having office hours throughout the day, every day, even on weekends, on several (if not all) topics being taught in the course. In theory this is great, but I encountered firsthand what happens if you aren't aggressive about getting your question answered — sometimes you get cut in line! This is frustrating after waiting for 30+ minutes. I rarely used Q&amp;A after that. It would be a boon if they had a queue function built into the session, and even better, if you were notified when it's your turn so you don't have to sit through a question that isn't relevant to you. CAREER SERVICES I was fortunate to get a job days after completing the program, so I didn't get to work with Career Services a lot. But I'll say that the time I did spend with them left me encouraged and feeling positively about the job hunt. I also think it says something about the school that I was able to get a job so quickly after graduation. WRAP UP The program isn't easy and you reap what you sow. It's important to understand that no one at Thinkful is going to force you to learn, or force you to work hard. They do a lot to keep you accountable on a daily basis, but ultimately you gotta decide how much you get out of it. There are no tests; there's nothing to keep you in fear of failure or dismissal. But as long as you can work hard every day, you'll be fine, because Thinkful will set you up to succeed.Read Less",thinkful
"I am currently a student with Thinkful in their full stack web development flex program. There are many aspects of their program that I am finding to be so helpful and important to my success to becoming a full stack web developer.As an introverted person,... Read More I am finding that their one on one mentorship style of teaching is so very effective for me. I struggle to ask questions and put myself out there in classes larger than 8 people so having one on one time with a professional is amazing for me even if it's only three days a week. I feel as if my mentor goes above and beyond though and makes himself available to be asked questions when he has time on slack between on scheduled meetings. It allows me to learn and even struggle but know support is still close. Even the large community of Thinkful students and professional has grown on me so much. They are supportive, non judgemental and can give you just enough help to figure out your code without giving you the answer out right so you're still learning. Even with the readings, I find myself retaining the information better than I have with other programs I have worked with and I have learned so much in the last two months that I surprise myself at times. I think the only thing I struggle with is making sure I have enough time to get everything done which is on me. Make sure I manage my time correctly with a full time job, wife and child to spend time with is not easy but I feel as if Thinkful makes if feel worth it.Read Less",thinkful
Thinkful gives you the flexibility to learn code while you are working full time. It does challenge you but at the same it is rewarding.,thinkful
"I completed the Full Time Web Development course at Thinkful a little over a month ago, and have just been hired as a Frontend Developer at a startup in NYC. The cirriculum and people involved are both fantastic. They very clearly care about the success... Read More of their students, and do everything possible to get you hired. You continue to build applications throughout the coursework, each getting more and more complex, until you have a full sized portfolio to help you get a job. The mentors along the way were excellent, helping with any and all problems I had.Careeer Services begin after you have completed the course and last until you get a job. With daily and weekly check-ins with a career coach, you are actively working on your approach and job hunt, rather than just sitting around. It worked for me, and it was work for you too. I definitely recommend Thinkful to all!Read Less",thinkful
"In short: I had an extremely positive experience with Thinkful's Full-Time Web Development program and would highly recommend it to others. Thinkful is still a fairly young company and it does show--some of their material is not as polished as you'll... Read More see at more established companies like GA. However, it also means that they are much more flexible with the curriculum (which is a good thing). When I went through the program they had just switched to full JavaScript front and back-end. While they do offer resources for learning Python and, I think, Ruby/Rails as well, I felt that the all JavaScript approach was excellent. The market is definitely moving in that direction and I was able to land a full-stack Software Engineering role before finishing the bootcamp and was able to dive into the code base and contribute production code very quickly thanks to what I had learned at Thinkful. You'll have to make the decision whether the all-remote approach is right for you and, of course, you'll get out of the experience only what you're willing to put into it. But I found the support to be excellent and the all JavaScript approach is, IMO, the correct one.Read Less",thinkful
"Short Story:Overall, I had a positive experience at Thinkful. I was in the 3rd cohort for the Full Time Full Stack program. I graduated in November 2016 and started a job on February 6th, 2017 as a Software Developer. I love my job and the company I work... Read More for and consider entering a bootcamp and getting into this career as the best professional decision I’ve made. I learned a ton while at Thinkful that directly contributed to me getting hired, specifically my React/Redux skills/experience.Longer Story: Like I mentioned earlier, my experience at Thinkful was very positive. There were a few things I didn’t necessarily agree with, but they collected feedback and you could tell were making efforts to improve their program (based on feedback) as we were going through. Since I’ve graduated, I’m sure a lot has changed and their program is even better. I learned a lot while I was there and it was very hard work, so expect to put in your best effort if you want to maximize the return on your time – this would likely hold true to any bootcamp. I thoroughly enjoyed what I was learning and put in many hours outside of the scheduled time. There were certainly times when it was frustrating because things just didn’t make sense, but once it started to click, it was amazing!I specifically choose Thinkful for a few reasons. I was looking for an online program due to my geographical area (Phoenix, AZ) and the limited in-person options at that time. So, I wanted a bootcamp that specialized in online education, which I felt like Thinkful checked that box. I also wanted a program that was longer than the traditional programs. A lot of the bootcamps I saw were between 9 – 12 weeks and I just didn’t really feel like that was long. So, I was looking for something a bit longer, but not too long due to time constraints for myself and needing to get a job. (The longer you can spend learning, the better off you will be. To most of us, this stuff doesn’t come easy, especially in the beginning.) At the time, I think the Thinkful program ran 16 weeks, which I felt was much better than 12 weeks. Finally, I wanted a program that had a lot of resources. Thinkful had many resources, including: instructors, TAs, mentors, program managers, training sessions, open Q&amp;A sessions, lectures, career advisors, and a lot more. I really think the amount of resources is one of the things that sets Thinkful apart from others and makes them a great program.My Advice:This advice applies to learning to become a developer and selecting a program in general and is not specific to Thinkful. From a cost perspective, there are a variety of options out there, some even free. So, depending on your situation, take into consideration what options would work best for you and make sure you understand what you are getting for your money. I am a believer in investing in yourself, but that’s just my opinion and you should do what’s best for you. When looking at different bootcamps, don’t be afraid to ask questions, even the tough questions. If they won’t give you answers, they probably aren’t worth your time (or money). This is a big investment in your time (and money), so you want to make sure everything is clear before you sign up for anything. After you do select a program, don’t hesitate to ask questions or raise concerns. In my opinion, a good program is one that would welcome feedback and the chance to make improvements that will be beneficial to their students. LASTLY AND MOST IMPORTANTLY, once you start a program, work hard! Like really hard! It is not an easy journey and it shouldn’t be. I consider myself to be a fairly intelligent person, and it was very difficult for me. But I put in my best effort and it paid off, big time! Put in the extra hours, ask questions, ask for help, and try to help others (trust me, you’ll help yourself doing this). You don’t want to finish a program and look back with regrets on not trying harder. Like I said earlier, this is a big investment in your time (and possibly money), so maximize that investment the best you can.Feel free to reach out if you have any specific questions and I’ll do my best to respond. You can find me on LinkedIn.Shay Kennedy https://www.linkedin.com/in/shaykennedy/www.shaykennedy.ioRead Less",thinkful
"I spent a long time trying to figure out which program was right for me. I enrolled in every MOOC I could but then never finished them. I needed something that had a clear path, something I could accomplish and I wanted support along the way (both for... Read More the knowledge and accountability). ThinkFul was on my radar a year ago but I stalled as I decided. Months later, I went to a ThinkFul meetup in DC. The speaker was super enthusiastic and it started to feel like the right program. I loved the idea that I would have a mentor to whom I was accountable and I thought the projects (mostly your own ideas) sounded so interesting. Bolstered by the enthusiasm of the fellow MeetUp participants and the ThinkFul rep, I followed up the next day with the speaker and heard back from him and another ThinkFul person the same day. I signed onto the trial which I LOVED and presented my project to the ThinkFul team. They accepted me into their program on the spot and I was so excited to start the full bootcamp program. The mentors I've had have generally been excellent (my first one and I didn't click, but it was OK). Then I got an amazing one who had to leave to join an exclusive fellowship (he was so smart and the time with him was worth having and losing vs. never having at all!). Then I got an amazingly accomplished mentor here in DC. He's very active with ThinkFul and the DC team seems to be a nice little family. (My own nice little family makes it hard for me to join their dinners and MeetUps, but they have them at least monthly). Then, my mentor went on an extended 'vacation' to get married and I got ANOTHER amazing mentor for a few weeks while he was out. This may sound like a negative, to have several mentors, but I see it as a plus. One, obviously ThinkFul can obtain many smart and accomplished REAL data scientists and two, because they each have different specialties and interests so you get many perspectives like you might in a university setting.The curriculum seems logical and I've not struggled with it even though it's almost all new material to me (or new in the last 20 years). They do a lot of challenges and drills so you can learn by doing in addition to reading about it. There are no videos which I actually prefer since I sometimes don't have a time/place to listen to people talk. Sometimes I will google a concept to get more context and sometimes they suggest you go find more detail elsewhere because the curriculum needs to keep moving.The Capstones are really fun. You pick your own topic and your mentor really pushes you. The work you produce will probably surprise you with how good it is and your former self would be surprised and proud that you can do that stuff in such a short amount of time.I started in June and it's Sept and I'm more than half way through. I work full-time and have a family, so I'm sure you could go faster if you wanted.The flexibility is great - you can do the work effectively from anywhere and mentors are flexible too.I think it's a great balance of well thought curriculum and materials and super smart people...and I've chatted with the ThinkFul 'staff' and they are so nice and listen to feedback. Even though this is all online, I do feel like there are ways to be interactive and engage with each other. I'm so happy I did this program and have learned more than I ever thought possible. I highly recommend this for the busy working person. I make it work with a full-time job and three kids - so I think most people can too!Read Less",thinkful
"I’m about halfway through Thinkful’s Flexible Web Development Program and I’ve been really happy with it so far. After years of dabbling with tutorials and other programs, I think that Thinkful is finally the perfect fit.The Node/Express/React curriculum... Read More is current and is exactly what I was looking for. The flexible schedule is still challenging enough to keep you moving forward, but also allows room for the important things in your life.But the key for me has been having 3 mentor sessions a week. At every step of the way I have a knowledgable, experienced developer that can look at my code and let me know if I’m doing it “the right way” or there are some things to change or improve upon. I was always able to get through lessons in other programs, but I still never knew if what I was doing was really applicable in the real world. Now I know!And all of this at about half the price of a traditional bootcamp! It’s great to finally feel like I’m on the right track to a career as a software developer.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful has an amazing program. I chose to enroll in Thinkful's Flexible Web-Development Bootcamp after trying to learn web development on my own for about a year. I was at the point where I wanted some mentorship or guidance on the decisions I was making... Read More since my projects were becoming more complicated. I strongly feel that Thinkful was the best choice. I say that based on an analysis of Thinkful's program of instruction based on the three components that make their program what it is; the people, the curriculum and how they are managed in the process of education. Thinkful does a phenomenal job in all three areas.From an administrative perspective Thinkful has always been prompt and accurate with billing and any questions that I have had. They offer a veteran’s discount which I appreciated. The people on the staff are all professional and are located globally; so there is flexibility in scheduling your mentoring sessions. I have worked with two mentors because I had a scheduling conflict with the first. The change was smooth and I did not lose any momentum in my education.The curriculum at Thinkful is focused on the Node stack and Javascript web development. That should probably be your first consideration in choosing a school, do you want to learn their technology? If you decide on Node you won't find any better school than Thinkful. I have seen the curriculum at another coding school and Thinkful's is far superior; the other school did nothing to explain the utility of Ruby's gem system and left a lot of the programming decisions to the ""black box"" of Rails. Thinkful walks through the components used at length. Both in developing a CSS grid system and in the introduction to testing Thinkful's curriculum unpacked what was going on so that the final functionality was clearly understood based on how it was built. I believe that it is better to understand than rely on a ""black box"" from your framework's package system, but that is only my opinion.In the execution of the program the Thinkful team has been stellar as well; they really do function as an integrated team. Due to travel I had to suspend my program a week and that was executed smoothly, so basic administrative functions are solid in this regard. The sessions with my Mentors have always been professional and productive; they have been both attentive to my questions and able to guide the process. As part of the education I have held three mock-interviews with other members of the staff, two where I had to perform coding demonstrations. This was new to me and real value added, because it was hard and something I could not have done on my own. The evaluators were thorough and professional and demonstrated the high caliber of the Thinkful Team. I have several interviews left in the program and I am confident that the future members of the staff that I interact with will be of equally high caliber.Coding bootcamps are expensive but it is my opionion Thinkful is well worth the money. That said you don't get handed anything, you have to work for it; Thinkful provides a comprehensive program that guides you along by focusing on the most important tasks needed to become competent in web-development using the Node stack. I highly recommend the school.Read Less",thinkful
"I have recently enrolled myself into Thinkful Flexible Full stack Web Development track. Thinkful has a solid curriculum tailored for people with little to no coding experience. Each unit involves extensive material, exercises, drills and projects to... Read More make sure you learn how to code most effectively. Additionally, I have 3 times a week mentor sessions and endless access to Q&amp;A sessions run by all Thinkful's amazing mentors. My Program Manager is always available for me to make sure I have everything I need to succeed. Furthermore, I have to go through in total of 5 mock interviews to make sure I am prepared for the real world technical interviews. I have recently signed up for my first mock interview and very excited about it. So far, I am having an exceptional experience learning how to code. Thinkful has created a wonderful curriculum and made all assistance available so I can be a successful Web Developer. Finally, job assistance option is just the cherry on top.Read Less",thinkful
"I've waited several months after graduating to write a review because I wanted to make sure that my perspective held true for any prospective students that may base a decision on my words.In short, I loved Thinkful and wholeheartedly believe in their... Read More approach and the sincerity of all involved in the organization. I didn't encounter a single mentor, teacher, or person in an administrative role that wasn't involved because of their sincere desire to help students become the best developers possible.I checked out a bunch of programs before taking the plunge with Thinkful and am so happy with my decision. I looked at one of the giant franchise-type outfits and the more I talked with their campus managers and sales people the more turned off I became. My approach was that I took several one day courses (paid, not free ones) in order to get a feel for the campus and it also let me ""run into"" (not by accident) current students and get their take on things. I'd recommend this of anyone weighing on-line vs. in-person programs.If you're skeptical like I was of an on-line program, I can try to allay your fears. The electronic meeting tools used really made my cohort feel very close and I didn't impede learning at all. In fact, they allowed me to have a respite from the very intense program and then get right back into it without having to take a long walk or do anything more than just put the remote connection on hold and stand up from my desk. It took a few days getting used to, but was just natural after that. There were occasional technical glitches usually attributable to someone's internet, but those didn't interfere in any significant way overall.Finally their career placement program is fantastic and improving all the time. Which says a lot compared to students I know from other bootcamps who basically felt abandoned or offered short-term ""jobs"" with the bootcamp in order to inflate hiring numbers.Thinkful has been around a while and their leadership is very mature and they will be around for the long haul. I've had extensive chats with the founders and most everyone in leadership and feel very strongly that they are always working to serve students better.I hope it goes without saying, but they didn't ask me to write this directly or indirectly.Read Less",thinkful
"The program's format had an intelligent flow, from Python programming familiarity to statistical concepts.But most importantly, Thinkful's mentors set this program apart: setting one's accountability three times a week, reviewing and understanding the... Read More main concepts, and looking forward to ideas in the main bootcamp course.Read Less",thinkful
"I recently finished the iOS Swift course by Thinkful. The curriculum is simple to follow and taught me how to build an app from scratch, with hardly any prior coding knowledge. There are also meetings for Thinkful students in the Atlanta area which I... Read More found motivational in learning to code. My weekly meetings with my mentor were helpful when I got stuck or wanted to learn how to do things that were beyond the curriculum.Read Less",thinkful
"I graduated Thinkful's Flexible Web Development Bootcamp in May. I have gotten a job and an offer from a fortune 100 company. The Bootcamp does exactly what I expected it to do, which was to give me a start in the web development world. HOWEVER, there... Read More is one thing all boot camp seekers should know and understand. A web development boot camp is only as good as what you put into it. This is a field that requires a love and great interest in coding/programming. If you are going to spend the time and money to change careers, wouldn't you want to make sure that it is really what you want to do? Not only does this have to be something you are extremely interested in, you have to be willing to put in the hard work. Meaning you have to be willing to research, read, breathe, eat, and sleep code all while working full time and or having a newborn like I did. Thinkful does not hold your hand. They do not give you the answers all the time. They do not give you a master book saying here is everything now you're a web developer. Thinkful requires you to research, read, analyze and understand outside of what is printed and what they have as assignments. You MUST do this in order to actually understand what you are doing and learn a valuable skill set. Thinkful was great while I was paying. Meaning that I had 1-1 mentorship, I had a program manager who kept in touch or would respond when I reached out. I had a mentor who was experienced and challenged me to fight for every single word in my code. They even allowed me time to pause in my program to have my son, and then continue. However, the hiccup came when I was in this sort of limbo. I requested to stop being charged tuition because I was refining my portfolio and waiting on feedback. This process in total took me a month which I didn't deem as fair to pay if I had no mentor support. Once I stopped paying with the agreement of Thinkful, it seems services died down. It took 2 months to get full access to career support and by then I had already landed my first job offer.  So while there are issues that could be addressed, that doesn't mean Thinkful failed me. It only means things could be improved as all systems could. Thinkful is a good boot camp and provides flexibility in which course to take as well as financially.Read Less",thinkful
"I graduated Thinkful's Full-time Web Development Bootcamp in January 2017. After spending a month working on my portfolio, resume and personal portfolio projects, I started the job hunt. Thinkful was with me the whole way.I started at my new job in late... Read More April 2017, doing exactly what Thinkful trained me to do. I love the company and the people (and the paycheck), and the web development work I now do.Do you need a bootcamp like Thinkful in order to get into this industry? Absolutely not. Everything you need to know you can learn for free. But Thinkful makes the tuition worthwhile:-course material is streamlined, clear and concise. You spend your study time effectively. I bounced around through online tutorials before joining. Thinkful helped me focus my efforts.-when you get stuck (and you will), Thinkful mentors and faculty are only a few clicks away. You will need to learn how to work through problems on your own, and Thinkful helps show you where to look or where to ask.-there are a lot of tools out there. Thinkful introduces you to many of them, and shows you how to develop an efficient workflow.-javascript proficiency is not the same as fluency. I could read and write javascript with some hesitancy before joining Thinkful. Midway through the program, it became second nature. But I didn't become fluent until tackling data structures and algorithms at Thinkful. The code review and refactoring that faculty lead me through proved invaluable. Thinkful is not perfect. It's composed of people after all. The biggest challenge I saw with it was were growing pains. A few newer faculty were not be as well versed in the course material, or able to answer your questions as well as others. But they will not hold you back. There are lots of very well-versed faculty and mentors on hand to help you through the hurdles.The only other criticism I found with Thinkful was in their course material. Most of it was very clear and easy to follow. But, a few places needed flushing out. Fortunately, they have been, and continue to be. Thinkful's course material is always being revised, updated and augmented. This continues being relevent after the program, since graduates maintain lifetime access. Like everything in life, you will get out of Thinkful what you put into it. I put my undivided attention into the program throughout, and focused just as intensively (maybe more) on perfecting my job application materials for six weeks afterwards. It was one of the most rewarding investments of my time and money yet.This is not a get-rich-quick-scheme. You cannot buy yourself a job through Thinkful. But, if you're willing to put the work in, Thinkful will deliver. Web Development job search suggestions:-have a blog, sharing problems you ran into in your projects, and how you solved them-spend time on your portfolio and your portfolio projects. Make them look good and work well. Create documention for your portfolio projects.-take an interest in continuously learning new skills, and showcase them in your blog and/or portfolio.Read Less",thinkful
"Yes ... going through the program got me a position as a Front End Developer coding in ReactJS. I couldn't have got there with out them. Thinkful is amazing ... They stuck with me through it all and were absolutely dedicated to my success.For full-time,... Read More the classes are live online and you work in a collaborative, pair programing environment with students around the US using tools like Slack, Screen Hero, and in a live tool similar to Google Hangout. You have a dedicated mentor that you meet with every weekday evening to help you with anything you didn't quite understand. And, they also have multiple live mentor Q&amp;A and workshops every day. The curriculum was focused around the MERN stack (Mongo, Express, ReactJS, Node) in and using Javascript ES6/ES7 ... so, is very current and applicable to the current job market.After graduation, we had daily career meetings where they helped with anything I needed (extra mentoring, reviewing code when job interviews required projects, advice, and encouragement) to weekly one-on-one meetings with a dedicated career coach to advise me on everything from my resume to how to search for a tech job to understanding what was working/what wasn't.Read Less",thinkful
"I was an 18-year military veteran transitioning to the civilian side after being let go due to congressional sequester budget cuts. Without any prior knowledge of JavaScript and only a basic understanding of HTML/CSS I successfully completed their 6-month... Read More course and landed a full-time position in 4 weeks after graduating at $60K+. My course mentor guided me through their curriculum focusing on topics that would improve my ability to land a job. After graduating, I entered their job assistance program and received outstanding personal support. This isn;t easy. No one is going to spoon feed you the answers. You are going to have to do the work. But if you dedicate yourself to completing the course, understanding the material, and getting a job. You will be successful.Read Less",thinkful
"When I first thought about going to a bootcamp at 19 I was nervous that maybe employers would ignore me because of how young I was, that was not the case. If you are 18 even i'd give this school a shot even without the money back guarantee and I did and... Read More was successful. The thing about Thinkful is that the curriculum isn't perfect and could definitely use some improvement but it's not bad and goes into much greater detail than Treehouse on many things but yet it is still their weak spot.The instructors and staff at Thinkful are top notch, my mentor worked for harvard and was a windows genius who taught me not only many things about code but also life, they are incredible people(and so were my peers) . Another thing I love about Thinkful is that they try to help you in any way they can and whenever I needed extra help I was granted that as my success in the end was key despite the fact that they didn't have to pay me back because the guarantee didn't apply to me because I was 19. One thing I think needs practiced and stressed more is CSS exercises because most of my classmates had barely any knowledge when It came to creating custom layouts.The job assistance program was helpful in brushing up my Linkedin and Resume as well as staying productive during the job search but ultimately it was the connections I made at hackathons that lead to me getting a job. Just turning 20 a few months ago I get an average of 3 job offers a week from tech recruiters, without Thinkful i'd probably still be working in a factory.I wake up every morning to get up and do what I love at a company where I am cared for and I truly make a difference, it's really a dream come true.Read Less",thinkful
"I've learned more during my 6 months at Thinkful that I can apply to a ""real world"" job then I did in my 4 years in college. After I graduated college I had great difficulty finding a job. Thinkful helped me transition into the career path that would... Read More help me find a job.Thinkful mentors are very accommodating with your schedule. At the time I was working a part-time job at all random hours. My mentor was able to meet with me whenever I was available. We met 3 times a week for an hour each session. They say the Frontend Web Development program takes about 6 months. It took me 6 months to complete. The great thing about this program is that you can go at your own pace. Do not rush because you may need to go back and do a course again. My mentor Jack was fantastic. He has over 10 years of experience and really knew his stuff. Some people are good at what they do but do not know how to teach it. This was not the case. Jack knew how to explain everything at a beginners level and never made it complicated. We did each course step by step and he broke everything down for me.The projects we made were cool and fun to do. My one problem with Thinkful is that jobs do not care if you can build a shopping cart list or ""hot or cold"" game. They want to see if you know how to build a website. Even though these projects show that you know how to use HTML, CSS, Javascript etc, they aren't real world projects. Thinkful should focus their curriculum on projects that are more realistic like building a new website for a client. Thinkful is a great start to beginning your career in front end developing, however I do not feel that it can get you a full time job immediately after graduating. I do think it provides you the right tools to obtain an internship following completion like it did for me. After finishing with Thinkful I landed an internship for a small creative agency and now I have a full time web developing position!Read Less",thinkful
"If you're like me, motivated to pickup the skills needed to be a developer but lacking the discipline and structure to commit, Thinkful's part time bootcamp will likely be the perfect program for you.This truly is one of those things where you get out... Read More exactly how much you put in. Do not enroll expecting someone else to do the heavy lifting for you. Do expect to get paired with an expert mentor who is more than just an instructor, but a confidant and Jedi Master who will push you along your quest. Do expect other smart, talented mentors who offer office hours for answering anything from technical questions to industry tips. Expect to engage in a community of hungry developers in training and help eachother out. Ask questions as well as answer questions in the Slack channels from your peers (see the rubber duck debugging).Thinkful proved, for me, to be an amazing experience and a real game changer. Towards the end of program track I began to put my resume out and apply for jobs. Derek, my program manager was very flexible allowing me to pause my mentor sessions and was really supportive, even getting me in touch with career counslors before I finished. Within a week I was landing interviews and was fortunate enough to get an awesome offer from a company where I love to go to work everyday. Changing careers and becoming a developer is not easy, but it's extremely rewarding. With a little guidance and the right support, it's very doable. I recommend Thinkful to friends all the time, it's that good.Read Less",thinkful
"The flexible program at Thinkful allows students to go at their own pace. The benefit of this is that if you have oodles and oodles of extra time all day, you can finish months early and save yourself a few bucks! Initially, I was given a mentor who was... Read More pretty exclusively a Ruby dev. When I became more sure that NodeJS was my preferred choice, it was simple to just email my program manager and switch out for a different mentor. The whole process was intuitive.The only reason I can't review their Job Assistance is because I got my first job before graduation. Never underestimate the importance of a portfolio, even if all the projects aren't entirely as polished as you'd like. It's proof that you can code something.Thinkful is a great community to be a part of. The other students and the mentors are all very supportive and they want you to suceed. If you don't get a job in six months, they'll give you a refund. What do you have to lose?Read Less",thinkful
"I had been working in the non-profit industry for several years and while it was fulfilling, I learned more recently that my real passion was in technology. Fast forward, after a bit of research, I settled on Thinkful's Flexible Web Development bootcamp.... Read More I chose it for a few reasons:- It was all online, so I didn't need to quit my full time job. This helped me get started right away since it was less of a financial burden.- They didn't have any pre-requisites. It was ok to come in ground zero.- They had a job placement guarantee if you finished the curriculum within 6 months. This sealed the deal for me.Starting the program felt smooth and reassuring - you're taught HTML, CSS, and the basics of Javascript. Once you are past that though, things are much more challenging, and at that point, things feel a lot more urgent. I was paired with an amazing mentor who helped me prioritize my work, keep me on track in the curriculum, and make sure that my projects were up to high standards.I would say that the most valuable part of my experience with Thinkful was my mentor. He had a great ability to understand the problems I encountered in my projects and was able to explain things to me in a clear manner. He was always ready do demonstrate real world examples of concepts that I was learning. And most of all, he pushed me real hard in each of my projects, which ultimately, helped me find a job very quickly after finishing up the program.I definitely recommend this bootcamp to anyone who is looking for a career change like I had. They don't just teach you how to code - they prep you to become a professional web developer. This means helping you with producing high quality projects, putting together a portfolio, prepping for interviews, and navigating towards getting your first job as a developer.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful helped to prepare me for my new career while I still went on with my life. That was the top factor when I chose a boot camp because I didn't have the resources to go away for a few months and I still needed to provide for my family. I worked... Read More odd, sometimes late, hours but they were able to set me up with a mentor who was available when I had the time.  My mentor was the best part of my Thinkful experience. Aside from the lessons that we covered he would also let me know what it was like to work as a developer. The lessons will only show you the very basic level and practices change constantly, so having the insight of what it's like day to day was just as important as the material itself.  The curriculum isn't what you would expect from an online program. The material is current, in-depth, and in demand when compared to what you can learn on your own. It is also more time and cost effective when compared to the classroom route. However, no lesson plan can prepare you for the workplace. What makes this curriculum stand out is that your mentor is someone from the workplace and can help you understand the skills that teams look for. The only thing that I would add are short video clips for times between mentor sessions to cover topics so you can focus on the larger project.  Job assistance was great. I don't live in an area that is a hotbed of opportunity for dev jobs. There was only one company near me that hired Jr devs, so my job search was a pretty lengthy process. Since each project in the curriculum can be added to your portfolio and there are mock interviews during the program, you have plenty of opportunities to prepare real interviews.  After I finished the program I met with a career counselor who would go over my resume and hold mock stand ups, a job advisor who helped me find potential employers and ways to make myself stand out to them, a technical advisor who reviewed my code and gave me coding projects to work on my skills, and my mentor still sent me leads and advice. Luckily, I got a job with the company near me and the mock interviews were much tougher than what I went through.  If you want to get into the development field and have the drive to constantly grow then there is no better place than Thinkful. Nothing is predetermined and you don't just move through this program. You have to show that you have the ability to move through, and that is what will make you a better developer.Read Less",thinkful
"I started this program coming from a counseling and marketing background, and had started to learn on my own before realizing I wanted to pursue a career in web development. I had chosen Thinkful because of the flexibility - I didn't have to fly out and... Read More live across the country to learn, nor did I have to be online for a certain window each day. I was able to freelance and have other responsibilities on the side while still trying to devote as much time as I could to web development. I was placed with a great mentor who I video chatted with for an hour three times a week. He knew exactly what I needed to focus on to be successful in this field, which was very helpful coming in with no experience of the industry. The part that scared me the most when I decided to change career paths was the fact that I had to stop and take some time to go back and learn before moving forward. Investing in yourself is something you must do and can be very rewarding if you push through with the help of your mentor and the rest of the Thinkful community. At the end of the day, I felt better off for having chosen this program because although Thinkful is there to help you when you are stuck, part of being a web developer is getting stuck constantly and figuring out on your own what to do. The fact that there is no hand holding, however, is what will make you more successful when you try to get a job. For me, I was able to land a product manager position for a software company - so I'm still able to code and manage a team of developers, but can apply my past experience from other industries into my work. If you are willing to devote the time and effort, you can change your career path a lot quicker than you might think.Read Less",thinkful
"I completed the full time program and found a job pretty much right away. That is, however, not always the case for everyone, so if you do the course make sure you are prepared to spend at least 3 months looking for a job. It's really a matter of luck... Read More and being at the right place at the right time. If you treat looking for a job like a job though you should be able to find something.My advice to anyone considering this program is to first spend a good amount of time working through free online materials to make sure web development/ coding is a good fit for you. I spent about 5-6 months working through codecademy and free code camp before committing to thinkful. I learned how to work with html, css, JS, and jQuery at a beginner-level on my own. I went to a couple tech meetups in my area to see if I had similar interests with people already in the field.Besides preparing me to be successful for thinkful's program, doing the prep work confirmed that this was something I actually wanted to do. If you have a good time working through those tutorials and you enjoy working on small projects with jQuery, you will be successful in the program. Read about nodeJS and reactJS and see if it really interests you. Good luck and enjoy the process!Read Less",thinkful
"I always had an interest in becoming a web designer but it took me until I was 40 to get started. I want a course that I could do on my time and also help me find a job. Being a small business owner, doing something that I did not like to do, and a father... Read More with 2nd kids. My time was valuable to me. Thinkful provided me with a flexible schedule and an invaluable mentor to help me find my way. Within one year I was able to land a job working on websites with HTML, CSS, and jQuery. With the knowledge that I received from the sometimes fustrating projects I was able to create some Angular pages as well.The projects that you complete in class has helped me find solutions to some real world problems. Thank you Thinkful.Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful provided me with just the program I was looking for. At the time, I was working full time as an engineer in the chemicals industry and I was unhappy with my role and really wanted a change. Through Thinkful's program I was able to keep my job... Read More while working through the program online on evenings and weekends. I was a grueling time commitment juggling both, but it turned out to be a great decision and I'm so happy I went for it. I met with my mentor 3 times a week online and in enabled me to learn to code faster than the online tutorials I'd worked through on my own. Being on the outside of an industry looking in, I found it incredibly valuable to to have access to skilled developers and live online QA sessions where you could ask questions and benefit from the developers' years experience and while also getting a feel for the latest tech and industry practices. Also when it can time to interview, a mentor recommendation meant a lot. Thinkful also does a great job with career support. Initially, I thought this would just entail someone helping me polish up my resume and portfolio, but it much more. In career coaching sessions we would talk though how to strategically approach job searching, applying and interviewing, which was very helpful. They are also very proactive in connecting you with potential employers, wherever your location. They worked with me to help me connect with employers in the city where I wanted to relocate. There can be cons to learning online, but it worked out well for me in the time I could commit. After the program, I was able to switch industries and land a job as Jr. Software Engineer. I'd highly recommend the program!Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful was a life changing experience for me in terms of education. In the full stack boot camp, you learn industry best practices and cutting edge technologies. You not only build out a portfolio of full stack applications but also build your professional... Read More network.I came into this boot camp with prior programming knowledge. Despite this, I learned many new things everyday. One big thing I learned from Thinkful is that as a developer, you never stop learning. Since technology is changing everyday and so vast, there are technologies and ideologies that you can learn everyday. So to anyone interested in bootcamps, I would say to expect to learn everyday and be excited to learn. I was able to land a job 2 months after graduation as a web developer with the knowledge and skills gained from Thinkful's boot camp.​​I would definetly recommend Thinkful because of they teach industry technologies, provide mentorship, have a dedicated career center, have a great professional network, and have a job guarantee.Read Less",thinkful
"I went to Thinkful for their full-stack, full-time, online bootcamp. I had been accepted to App Academy as well, but chose Thinkful because it would allow me to work from home, giving me more time with my children. As an LGBT woman, I was worried about... Read More facing discrimination both in my bootcamp and in my future career as a developer, but I have felt extremely supported and welcomed in both cases. The bootcamp was very social. I was interacting with other people from about 10am to 6pm every day, either in class sessions with teachers, pair-programming sessions, or my daily individual mentoring session. My class was also very active on Slack, and we were constantly sharing links to resources we had found and offering each other advice.I was worried that I'd have trouble because I have diagnosed social anxiety. People were so kind and non-threatening, though, that I had no real difficulties. Networking was mandatory during that job search, and I did have trouble with that. I was able to talk with my career coach, teachers, and organizers, as well as a classmate with similar issues, though, and we worked together to figure out how to make networking manageable for me. Compared to teaching myself, learning through Thinkful was more focused and guided, and I was able to learn much more quickly than on my own. Thinkful was very intensive. It took about 12 hours per weekday, plus some time on the weekend. About a third of my class had to either switch to the flex program (because they couldn't give the amount of time needed) or switch to the cohort that started after us (in order to repeat sections of the course). While I'm still definitely a beginner/Junior Developer, I'm well-prepared for my job and the work I did in Thinkful fits very well with the work I'm doing now.It took almost a month after I graduated before my portfolio was accepted as complete, mostly because the evaluator I was working with was non-responsive. Once I spoke to an organizer about the difficulties, though, I was quickly moved to a new evaluator and was able to complete my portfolio in a week. Once my portfolio was accepted and I began my job search, I was able to find a job in less than a month. When you apply for Thinkful, they enter you into a part-time (a couple hours a day) course for a few weeks. If you successfully complete this course with no issues, you're accepted to the full-time bootcamp. If you're uncertain about attending Thinkful, I'd suggest going ahead and taking the prep-course. I had a wonderful experience, and I love my new job. They actually pay me to sit and code all day!Read Less",thinkful
"If you're currently reading this review it's probably because you're considering Thinkful among other web development bootcamp options. Based on my experience, I highly advise that you seriously consider choosing Thinkful.I finished the flexible full-stack... Read More development program around 2 months ago and I am now working as a Front End Engineer. For me, this is simply incredible! a year ago I wouldn't have dreamed of having this position and all the skills and knowledge that I now have thanks to the program.Even though my experience in Thinkful was fantastic, I will list the pros and cons of the program.Pros:- Working with an experienced software engineer as your mentor is incredibly valuable! Not only will they help you when you're stuck and explain to you the curriculum, but they will teach you best practices and give you insights about the industry. My mentor was simply amazing. Our sessions were fun, interesting, challenging, and motivating. I would always look forward to our sessions! And he would always help me when I got stuck with my projects even outside of our sessions through Slack. - Apart from your mentor, you have a large support network. I got a lot of support from my program manager (who is also amazing), especially in the final stages of the program. After I completed the program, other Thinkful mentors were very supportive with my job search.- The curriculum is very thorough and up to date with industry standards. Learning React gave me a huge advantage in my job search! - When you complete the program, you have a portfolio ready to show to employers. - The program's flexibility is great when you have a job or cannot dedicate yourself full-time to study.- After you complete the program, you are assigned a career coach who helps you write your resume, cover letter, and prepares you for interviews. The team at Career Services can also introduce you to companies and potential employers. I found the sessions with my coach to be very helpful in my job search and without a doubt helped me to land the job that I wanted. Cons:- Since it is online, you don't meet people in person, so its hard to make friends and/or study peers. - You need to be very disciplined with your hours of study. This is really not a problem if you love coding, but you should consider it if you're committing to take the program. - Unless you have previous experience in coding and/or you have a natural ease for coding, you will spend a lot longer than the time estimates given to complete each exercise. - Sometimes the notes are not very clear and/or thorough. That being said, the curriculum is updated and improved on a continuous basis. As the title of this review states, Thinkful is one of the best decisions I've ever made. I would definitely recommend taking this program!Read Less",thinkful
"I am a serial entrepreneur who has worked extensively with developers in the past as a project / product manager. Made the decision it was time to learn to code myself, with the goal of increasing my independence in starting a project or building a quick... Read More prototype. I researched and spoke with graduates of several of the well known bootcamps. I wanted a path towards learning React &amp; React Native. And as I looked at various bootcamps and their curriculums, I realized I preferred a remote bootcamp. I have never done as well sitting in a classroom compared to learning on my own. But I had already realized that learning to code on your own is very difficult, there are so many pitfalls and ways of getting totally stuck at. Those reasons are why Thinkful's approach appealed so much to me. It allowed me to self-study as much as I like, with regular mentor session available for me to ask all my specific questions of where I was confused or stuck. Also it was somewhat early days for React, but they worked with me to modify their curriculum at the time to fit my goal. Bottom line is I didn't find any other bootcamp that was flexible enough to fit my schedule, allow me to learn from anywhere, had the right curriculum, and allowed me to learn on my own as much as possible.After the bootcamp I started building a few of my own projects, building on the Javascript &amp; React fundamentals I learned at Thinkful in the Frontend Web Development career path, to pickup redux, react native, &amp; firebase. I have now used my new skills to create several live apps (mobile &amp; web). And working with other developers is a totally different (better) experience, much easier to communicate and stay on task.Next time I am in between projects I am thinking of advancing my knowledge using thinkful (either a backend developer course or perhaps design/UX).Read Less",thinkful
"Thinkful changed my life. I spent nine years in a career I hated. I was in sales, making great money but never felt any enjoyment out of my life. I dealt frequently with Software Engineers in my career and always wanted to be on their side. I was shocked... Read More when I heard you could attend a bootcamp and better yet do it remotely. After months of research, I decided I would enroll in the Full Time Web Development Bootcamp. At first, it was hard, I wanted to quit. I stuck with it and was so glad I did. I learned more in the past 4 months then I probably have learned in the past 10 years. I went from not knowing what a variable or loop was, to building full stack applications using Javascript and latest Javascript frameworks. Not only do you learn in Thinkful, but Thinkful teaches you how to learn for the rest of your life.The special thing about Thinkful in addition to their curriculum is something you cannot get from an Udemy or Pluralsight. It is the Thinkful community you are surrounded with. I spent 10 hours a day, 5 days a week and some weekends with the same 12 people in my cohort. We grew close as developers and also made some great friends / potential colleagues one day. I also grew close with the staff and we talk regularly even after the completion of the bootcamp.The mentoring in Thinkful is second to none. I grew close with my mentor and he helped me every step of the way. There is no substitute from 1 on 1 mentorship and Thinkful has hired a great team of mentors to help students like me along the way. The mentorship alone is reason enough to enroll in this course. Enrolling in Thinkful does not mean you willl get a free ride. You truly get what you put in. It is not easy, you must study and eat, sleep and breathe coding all day to truly become ready to enter the job market. But if you listen to them and ""trust the process"" I guarantee you will be a competent developer by the end and more skilled than people from many other bootcamps.I started Thinkful in January and Graduated in May. It is now July and I start a job this week as a developer making almost a $100K income. I cannot thank Thinkful enough and highly recommend this program to anybody on the fenceRead Less",thinkful
I have nothing but good things to say about the time I spent doing the Front End Deveopment program at Thinkful. The program gave me a solid foundation for what is relavent in web development today. The course work covered basically everything that I... Read More ended up doing at my first job as a junior Front End Developer. Also the support from my mentor Marius was invaluable! Despite not being in the program anymore I still talk to him to this day and his friendship/ mentorship alone is worth the program cost alone. On top of helping me learn some of the tougher concepts of Front End Development he helped me prepare for my first Front End Development interview and gave me crucial career advice that has helped me tremendously. He also gave me a ton of advice on managing my first freelance client as well as my first large personal web app project. Acquiring a great mentor who has years of experience made my learning curve much smaller when navigating through the field of Front End Development and I can't thank him enough for that and Thinkful for connecting me with him. When it comes to the actual course work the projects get more difficult as you progress through the course and it is self-paced which is super nice. My advice is take your time and throughly understand the concepts that you need to learn and don't try to remember everything little thing thats what google is for. Depending on what you are paying you can meet your mentor multiple times a week over skype (or something similar) and get feedback/help on any difficult topics you are working on. I believe this is crucial for constant improvement with a manageble amount of frustration that comes with learning how to code which is difficult but much like everything else you are only as good as the amount of time and effort you put in. I worked Full time and dedicated 20-30 hours a week to coding and focused on throughly understanding the topics and got a job by myself before the program was over. With that said I cannot comment much on the job assistance but I know a guy who was in my co-hort that got a job through Thinkful's connections so I know it does work. At the end of the day getting is job depends on knowing your stuff and proving it in an interview and a nice portfolio not only the job assitance of Thinkful.Read Less,thinkful
"Terrible title puns aside... I leveraged Thinkful's front-end web development to become a more advanced test automation engineer. Something that I've felt has been lacking in the test automation industry is the understanding of development from front-end... Read More and back-end developer's perspective - as well as being able to assist when needed.I'm no designer by any means, but Thinkful's program helped me reach that next level that I was looking for. I'm still an Automation Engineer and will continue to be one, but now I am able to build useful UIs and APIs to showcase test automation tools and historical trends to colleagues.Read Less",thinkful
"Enrolling in the course at Thinkful was a leap of faith for me, that has yielded amazing rewards. Obviously it's no small investment to enrol in any coding bootcamp, but I can attest that Thinkful really have people, and in particular the students, at... Read More the heart of their business. I felt wholly supported by my mentor and Thinkful's support staff, which really boosted my confidence as a developer.The course material is well paced, and the flexibility offered by working on the material remotely is awesome- it meant that I could throw myself at it when I had the time and energy, but also step back when life inevitably intervenes. My personal mentor quickly learned my strengths and weaknesses, and really made sure that I worked at those weaknesses, to become a well rounded programmer. Also worth adding that Thinkful's active slack group is an amazing source of knowledge, help and humour to someone new to the world of software engineering/web development.Thinkful really nail the career assistance and I accepted a job offer within 3 months of finishing the course, and have worked with BBC News since then, working on projects seen by millions of people. Just a few months previous I had been making coffee for a living, and Thinkful helped to accelerate and inspire a major turning point in my life and kickstart a career.Read Less",thinkful
"I arrived to US as an international student and applied for asylum in 2014. I was working as a pizza maker, server at different places until at the end of 2015 I found out about Thinkful. I enrolled to Frontend Web Development Courses and finished at... Read More June 2016. I haven't have any coding experience before. This courses not only taught me programming skills, I also learned how to solve different problems on my own and where to find answers when stuck. My mentor was very good at explaining and everytime I got stuck, he would push me to the right path. During job search process, a career advisor did a great job with helping me to find the right companies for me to apply and where to find those companies. I'm working full time now as a Web developer and very appreciate that I found Thinkful! It was a great experience.Read Less",thinkful
"The program at Thinkful was a fantastic experience. I made some friends that I will likely be in touch with for many years. While the course load seems daunting, there is always someone to help you if you get stuck. Better still, you learn how to get... Read More yourself unstuck. Mentorship is a huge part of why this is possible, and is one of the best resources available to Thinkful students, not to mention around the clock Q&amp;A sessions and workshops. The curriculum is also evolving with the tech, so you will be relevant and can hit the ground running. Career services is another great part of this program. They made introductions to companies on my behalf that allowed me to bypass the typical interview process. All told it's been a great process and I wouldn't change a thing.Read Less",thinkful
"After spending a longgg time looking at various bootcamps I ended up choosing Thinkful for a variety of reasons. I have a decent background in CS and knew that I wanted a bootcamp that was using the most up-to-date, current, and commonly used web technologies.... Read More Quitting my day job was also not an option available to me, so I needed to find one that would work with my schedule. Most importantly I needed to find one that cared about the students and their futures. Thinkful fulfilled all of those requirements and I couldn't have been happier with the program.Read Less",thinkful
"Note: Edited to add background and note at endI graduated from the Full-Time Full Stack Web Development Bootcamp in the beginning of April. I'm now 2 weeks into the job search.  Background:I joined Thinkful after an 18 month stint in the banking industry... Read More in NYC. That was my first job after graduating college. Prior to taking the course, I took a 4 week bootcamp prep course offered by another bootcamp institution. In addition, I completed the Javascript track on Codecademy. Other than that, I had never been exposed to programming in any meaningful way. Overall Experience:I could not be more happy with my experience at Thinkful. Thinkful provides a comprehensive suite of services to their students from day 1 to the day you land your first job (and beyond). The instructors, the TAs, the mentors, the program director and the career services advisers share one common trait: they care deeply about your success. This is what drives the entire process at Thinkful and it's what makes their program stand out from the rest. Instructors:The instructors at Thinkful are top notch. They are tremendously knowledgeable and passionate about what they do. Joe and Ben were extremely responsive to our questions and they were always willing to clarify and expands on topics when necessary. The TA's (who join the class for several hours every day) were excellent at explaining difficult topics, guiding students through bugs, and suggesting improvements to code. Every weeknight, students meet 1vs1 with Mentors who are there to answer questions related to coding, technology, languages, frameworks, jobs etc. I looked forward to my meetings with my Mentor every single day. Finally, Thinkful offers several live Q&amp;A sessions every evening where subject matter experts are on hand to answer questions related to all things programming.  Curriculum:The skills taught at Thinkful are highly relevant in the job market today. The primary stack is MongoDB, Express, React and Node.js. This seems to be the most commonly desired stack among employers in early 2017. I feel like I'm well-prepared to contribute to a development team. With that said, the curriculum at Thinkful is very flexible. When technologies change, Thinkful adjusts quickly. Furthermore, Thinkful also reserves the right to make adjustments to the curriculum on a daily basis in order to address difficulties that the class might be having as a whole. Job Assistance:I am still early in the job search process, but Thinkful has been very helpful so far. They take it upon themselves to connect you with employers. Not only that, but they provide you with resources such career coaching, interview prep, portfolio review, resume editing and more. Even though I ""graduated"" a few weeks ago, I feel like Thinkful is as involved as ever.Read Less",thinkful
"Programming in Python course. I had a generally very positive experience with Thinkful. I think it was good value for the money, and have recommended it to a couple people already. The online curriculum was good (on par with other online courses/tutorials... Read More I'd dabbled in). The Slack channels I was hesitant to use at first, but I eventually got comfortable posting there. Several times I posted questions when I was blocked, and someone from Thinkful unblocked me relatively quickly (~1-15 mins wait time on average). Once I was working on my final project (a Django site) however, the channels and workshops felt ""off-topic"" for my problems, and I didn't utilize them, instead relying on Stack Overflow and my mentor . Probably the most valuable part of the experience was my mentor sessions. They were really excellent and I learned a ton every minute of our sessions. P.S. I didn't technically finish the last step of my capstone project (refactoring) as I ran out of time. I already went an extra month (4 months total) due to taking on a somewhat ambitious capstone project. I felt that I'd achieved my goals though and brought the project to the stage I wanted it to be. If there is one thing I'd change it would be more mentoring time, especially when I was working on my final project. I got a lot accomplished in my 45 min sessions, but always felt like an extra 15 mins (at least) would have been really valuable.Read Less",thinkful
"I found the overall course content to be decent, though I would've liked it to go more in-depth on most subjects, perhaps via optional assignments and such. Fortunately my mentor is fantastic, so she gave me lots of extra resources to explore and challenges... Read More to learn from, making the overall experience really excellent. While I can't comment on the technical courses, I'd certainly recommend Thinkful's design courses in an instant. The Thinkful support team has always been very friendly and relaxed, making my interactions with the company much more enjoyable.Read Less",thinkful
"I loved Thinkful's approach in comparison to other schools. I like that the formats force you to do your own research before giving you the answers. I love the 1 on 1 with the mentor. That was way better than having a teacher speaking to a class and access... Read More to office hours (again, much better format than other schools). Although my mentor was incredibly AWESOME, it would be hard to get responses during the week via email. In those moments, I took to Slack or waiting until our 1 on 1. The office hours / slack channels were not incredibly utilized unless I had general questions. I found the slack channels to be highly intimidating and a bit aggressive sometimes. Other times, I would encounter an incredibly helpful person on there who would provide just enough help to get me over a roadblock. Overall, this was an incredibly positive experience and has provided this inherent awareness of Phase II - bootcamp! I plan to pursue a career in development as a product person, and I feel that this is the next best step for me. Thanks, Thinkful!Read Less",thinkful
"I appreciate the comprehensive curriculum and resources that Thinkful offers through the Frontend Web Development course. I was extremely lucky to have a great mentor to work with, and have learned a lot from our mentor sessions. My mentor is very knowledgable,... Read More patient, inspiring and very professional. I would recommend Thinkful to anyone who is interested in learning Frontend Web Development at their own pace.Read Less",thinkful
"Mainly I just felt that I didn't have the passion for coding needed to pursue it for a career. I started to have real doubts, and am thinking of pursuing instructional design, which is an area I have more background in. Thus, it was more a change/ realization... Read More of my own desires/goals. I took the course though to determine if coding was correct for me or not, and it helped me make that assessment. Overall, I thought the course was good. Sometimes there were some jumps in logic I felt in the tutorials, hard to explain exactly (which I know isn't helpful). But overall I felt the course went well the material just wasn't the perfect fit for me. My mentor, Marius, was excellent, patient, prompt with the lessons, and did a great job explaining the material.Read Less",thinkful
The course work is very well organized and the weekly mentor video sessions are worth their weight in gold. There are several instances though where the code / material had typos. Some were easy to work around while others (especially in the code) had... Read More me very confused. My mentor was able to confirm some instances of this and help me through it.Read Less,thinkful
I have come a long way from barely knowing any JavaScript when I started courses in the summer. My goal was to learn enough to get start a personal project in December and begin applying for jobs in the new year. My next goal will be to jump into Android... Read More in a few months and I will likley come back to Thinkful for these courses!Read Less,thinkful
"I enjoyed the HTML/CSS part of the course but just lost my motivation for the JS part. Also, because the course is always changing, I didn't feel like the instructions and the projects always lined up so felt like I was searching for something that may... Read More or may not be there. Otherwise, I liked it and would recommend it to others.Read Less",thinkful
"I can't express how important and valuable my time with my mentor has been. He has helped me with big things and little things I would have never thought to ask. He is a great teacher. The curriculum is important and points you in a specific direction,... Read More and I get that it allows you to learn in a real world environment, but I would like a little more guidance. Maybe a little more hand holding, and explaining in a broken down format. Please don't get me wrong, I am learning a ton. It is already a 'good' format. There are just a couple steps to make it 'great'. But this is just my opinion, I'm sure someone else would say something completely different.Read Less",thinkful
"I think this is a really unique and progressive approach to self-directed learning, and building online communities that promote growth and mentorship. My only complaint would be the formatting of the course materials- I didn't appreciate having links... Read More to articles embedded in unnecessary texts (i.e. ""read this article""). It would have been more convenient if all of the important text was in one place. I found that having to leave the main thinkful tab to read an article or watch a video was too distracting.Read Less",thinkful
"The data science curriculum needs more references for the math behind it. Some sections need a bit more work: explanation of null hypothesis and time series especially. I expect to do some work and not be spoon-fed the solutions, but esp. after going... Read More through hours of wordy low-information video and web links for Time Series I expect to know how to start the exercise. I eventually stumbled on the correct approach which my mentor confirmed, and it's not complicated. (It's fine to provide extra video, if it's marked as optional.) I've also had not as much free time as I thought to spend on the course, and I've had some miscommunications with my mentor. I still don't know if I really did the Logit function and Time Series assignments correctly. Data Science may be different and more complex than other courses, but it can probably be straightened out with a few more references, which my mentor has provided. All I usually need is a few well-written references on the math. The Workshops have generally been quite helpful on a variety of topics. Apologies for the long rant, thanks for listening.Read Less",thinkful
"I am finishing up the coursework for the FEWD course today. My mentor has incredibly helpful and supportive and a great resource throughout the course. I've had a great time working with him and will really miss our regular meetings. The course has helped... Read More me really develop my skills and gain a great deal of confidence in myself as a developer, and I look forward to attending the workshops and continuing my growth.Read Less",thinkful
"I achieved more than I thought I could in only 2 months with Thinkful, so it was a great confidence-booster and great way to enter the field of development. Although the material on the Thinkful site wasn't always beginner-friendly, the mentor sessions... Read More were essential in my learning and that's what I benefited from the most. Also because my mentor was so *** awesome. He broke down all the material in a simpler way, explained in detail, and always encouraged creativity. Couldn't ask for more. Thank you thank you thank you!Read Less",thinkful
"Alvin is a fantastic tutor. The tutoring sessions were immensely helpful. Whatever issue or misunderstanding I had before was cleared up right away, and I always learned even more from Alvin. He goes beyond just the bare minimum to make his students great... Read More coders. He also cares personally for each of us as individuals.\nThe course itself is pretty comprehensive, I'm happy that they explained things a lot better than App Academy did. However, in Unit 2, I felt like a lot of the explanations were rushed, and they ended up just sending us to a link at App Academy's GitHub anyway. Some explanations were terribly confusing for me. That said, the confidence and increased preparation for App Academy's admission process I got from this course are invaluable. Thanks so much, you guys.Read Less",thinkful
"I know it was long, but I really appreciate your patience and wisdom. I come out of this course instantly able to apply the skills learned to me daily work and it has made me a lot more confident. There is still a lot to go, but I know this has been a... Read More valuable course and was very pleased with you as a mentor. I wish you the best, and thanks again!Read Less",thinkful
"Greetings! My company only agreed to pay for three months of the front end web development course. Since I'm 75% done with the course, and both my superiors and I feel like I've learned a great deal, we've decided to withdraw at the three month mark.... Read More The course has been fantastic at providing a broad-scope introduction to the world of front-end, and though I'm unable to complete the Javascript and API sections, I'm confident in the skills I've amassed and I'm excited to put them to use (and to continue learning, of course!) My mentor, has been a fantastic resource and an encouraging &amp; knowledgeable advocate. He's a wonderful member of the Thinkful team, and I'm more than happy to vouch for him in any way he needs. Thanks to the Thinkful team for creating such a fantastic course!Read Less",thinkful
"Some examples for the projects would help with progressing through the material. Nothing drastic like detailing the entire project, but something on a smaller scale like describing when and how to use certain methods. Other than that, which is minor,... Read More I think this is an excellent format and I can't wait to learn more.Read Less",thinkful
I absolutely love the course and don't want to leave but have to for financial reasons. I 100% plan to be back.,thinkful
"I took Web Development in Angular. My mentor was amazing. He not only provided support and accountability but true friendship. I always looked forward to our weekly hangout and a chance to ask questions and show off my work. He was always patient and... Read More took the time to make sure I really understood the curriculum. He wasn't trying to push me through, he was teaching me. Things have gone full circle and I honestly couldn't have done it on my own. Thinkful was the foundation I needed to get going and help me live my dream.Read Less",thinkful
"The course was good, mentor was super! :) The only thing I didn't enjoy so much was protractor and karma... It's kinda overwhelming. I believe just to mention it would be ok, but it was too much ""too new"" information. Instead would be nice to get more... Read More exercise on directives, or get deeper into this object. Anyway, I really liked it, if it would be less expensive I would hanged out longer :DRead Less",thinkful
"I was nervous going into the Data Science in Python course. I soon learned that I could always rely on my mentor and Q&amp;A sessions for patient explanations, whether it was about writing APIs or multivariate analysis. They really cared that I learned the... Read More concepts and the curriculum and went the extra mile to make sure that I succeeded. The course has helped me grow as a journalist and given me confidence to tackle new challenges.Read Less",thinkful
"The best part of Thinkful is the individual mentoring. Your mentor will help you get through the problems that would otherwise be difficult to surmount on your own. As awesome as the Internet is as a source of information, the people there don't necessarily... Read More care about telling you how to do this thing in the obscure context that only you need to do. Your mentor does care about that and can help you through. The mentor allows the course to be tailored instead of shoving you through a rigid curriculum handed down from above.Read Less",thinkful
"Having two fantastic mentors for my UX Design and Frontend courses has made the difference in preparing me to move from the print to digital space. They each became my personal cheerleader and at times had more confidence in my abilities than I did. By... Read More tailoring the course curriculum to best fit my needs, they kept me on track to successfully reach my goals and instilled in me the desire to keep learning. Though our mentor chats have ended, we remain in communication and I consider them valuable colleagues to have in my network.Read Less",thinkful
"There were often times in my previous attempts of learning to program that I would hit a wall. Without having any support to help me understand those concepts I would just give up thinking, 'I’m just not good at programming.' By being able to meet with... Read More my mentor three times a week, whenever those walls come up I’m able to break through before the thought of giving up even crosses my mind.Read Less",thinkful
"The curriculum was comprehensive, the community was super helpful and my mentor gave me all the guidance I needed to make my projects the best they could be. I loved the project-based curriculum because it gave me hands-on experience and practice implementing... Read More what I was learning, while helping me build portfolio pieces to apply for a job. Shortly after completing the course, I got my dream job as a Junior Developer at an awesome company, and I have since been promoted. I give Thinkful a lot of credit for giving me the guidance and self-confidence I needed.Read Less",thinkful
"PROS: Work on your time. PROS: 1-on-1 mentor. PROS: Simple to read lessons. PROS: Slack resources.PROS: Current FEWD material.PROS: Inexpensive Plans.PROS: EXTREME flexibility.------------------------------------------CONS: Learning curve from HTML to... Read More jQuery and Javascript felt like 0mph-60mph.CONS: Sometimes I felt things were't explained in full in the course, felt left hanging sometimes. (Was always able to find answers on StackOverflow, or on the Thinkful Slack however.)Thats all I got!It was an amazing experience. I learned a lot, and am eager to put my skills to the test!Read Less",thinkful
"I did the Front End Web Development course and it was awesome. Having a one on one mentor means that when you get stuck on something, they help you get unstuck. I am much more confident than I was at the start of the course.",thinkful
"It is 2016,  I just spent a month stepping thru the Thinkful Front-End Development course.  While my mentor was helpful and talented,  the course-work was disappointing.  ""Think of reading a book with many pages missing from the story"" .   You are left... Read More with a feeling of confusion as too much essential subject matter is not provided by Thinkful coursework regarding HTML and CSS.   While the mentor can fill-in some gaps,  you must go to other websites to complete your answers to your many questions.    For a price of $300 to $1500 per month,  the student deserves more robust course materials to properly leverage their time spent with their mentor.  Unfortunately skilled mentors will not makeup for the flawed course materials.Read Less",thinkful
"The full-time FEWD Thinkful course promises to make you a skilled web developer and get you hired within 6 months, or less depending on your schedule and how much time you can commit to the program. In my case, they managed to fulfill their promise within... Read More only 2 months! I chose Thinkful after doing some research on development courses and bootcamps. It was a great choice for those that are complete beginners to programming and need some guidance. Derek was very welcoming and offered a lot of advice on networking, meetups, interviews, and jobs. So from the beginning I felt at home at Thinkful. It seemed daunting sometimes, especially after getting through the relatively easy HTML and CSS material. No one is there to hold your hand so there is a lot of self-motivation and dedication required, but there are a lot of resources to turn to apart from the Thinkful material - Slack, Google, stack overflow, other tutorials (codeacademy, treehouse, lynda - are just a few I used). Thinkful also has some fun workshops and Q&amp;A sessions you can get involved with. And of course their best weapon - your personal mentor. Mine was Jon Oyanguren and I could not have asked for someone better. He offered me everything from excellent instruction to great communication. Although we didn't follow the course material on Thinkful step-by-step (I used it more for reading and reference), it was a much better and carefree approach. He encouraged me to come up with my own projects which made learning much more fun and always managed to be incredibly enthusiastic about it! He was very attentive to all of my questions, worries - even when it wasn't during one of our weekly sessions. He was able to simplify a lot of the material and make it attainable for someone completely new to programming. At the end of the two months, I had a great grasp on HTML, CSS, JS, and Angular. We even started covering some back-end and getting into nodeJS. And of course I got a job out of it and am currently working with an incredible team that is happy to continue teaching me more :)Overall, I got more than I bargained for so I am happy with my decision of choosing Thinkful as my entry point into the development world.Read Less",thinkful
I had to withdraw temporarily due to travels but I do plan to resume early next year when I get back.My mentor has been nothing short of super awesome and sure hope to resume sessions with him.,thinkful
The training got me started and helped me see the overall picture on what is involved in front-end web development. Loved the self pace and mentoring aspects. There were plenty of exercises to get your feet wet and understand different features. Would... Read More gladly recommend to others.Read Less,thinkful
"Throughout my entire experience in the FEWD program, Thinkful's team has been wonderful (and very prompt) about solving technical issues. The URL to my mentor session this afternoon was broken, and they responded on Slack in less than 2 minutes. They're... Read More always quick to help! Two thumbs up.Read Less",thinkful
It seems they don't care about the students . Mentors are horrible and not good teachers Asked to change my mentors and was stuck for more than a month without a mentor and they kept charging me. Curriculum was OK but overall Not recommended .,thinkful
"Mentoring was lame. Curriculum and program administration not worth the tuition charged. You are better off using free learning resources online (Khan, codeacademy, cousera, etc). Thinkful makes a lot of promises and does not deliver.",thinkful
"I had been learning for a few months through codeacademy, Treehouse, Code School, and a few other online resources before deciding to attend Thinkful's Front-End Developer Career Path Program. For a while, I had narrowed it down to Bloc and Thinkful and,... Read More to be honest, I just could not decide. What it came down to, really, was value. With Bloc, it was going to be more expensive, fewer finished projects, and more of a time commitment. With Thinkful, the associated costs were relatively low, the time was manageable, and by the end of the program you would have 32 projects. I don't know about you, but 32 projects on GitHub seems like a pretty solid foundation to me. I think the difference is that Bloc goes more into detail and makes you an expert on a few solid foundations, while Thinkful gives you more of a broad array of skills. Regardless of which one you choose, I imagine most of the learning time is going to be done on your own trying to figure out projects and bug fixes, so it really just depends on how motivated you are. I was able to breeze through the first part of the course, as I had some HTML/CSS experience, but I am settling in for some serious learning with the more advanced concepts.PROS:As for Thinkful's Mentor Program, I was seriously impressed with how perfectly matched my mentor is. Super friendly, goes at your own pace, and is extremely knowledgeable. He's always there when I get stuck, and if he's not available (hasn't happened yet), then there is always the Slack Community for Thinkful, which is highly populated and built for quick, crowd-sourced response. The community is amazing and all of the Thinkful staff are super helpful. If you don't believe me, just have one conversation with Derek Fogge, the Career Path Program Manager, and he will inspire you. The lessons are well-planned and the projects are real-world projects that truly help you develop those needed skills. Overall, I feel that I'm getting an incredible value.CONS:The content is great...up until Object Oriented Programming. I felt that the content just glazed over these fundamental topics and didn't really offer much in the way of understanding. Luckily, I had my great mentor to review the topics with and understand their practicality, but I still felt the course content could have been stronger on this topic and a few other basic JavaScript topics. I believe that Thinkful is constantly improving their content based on student feedback, so I imagine that it could be better by the time a different student accesses it. Really, that's the only con I could find. OVERALL, Thinkful's program is incredibly well-built and well-executed. Based on value alone, this is the best MOOC I could find. The do a great job of keeping you motivated, customizing the program to fit your needs and goals, and supporting you every step of the way to make sure that you are getting everything and more out of the program. Like I said, if you are on the fence, contact Derek Fogge. He is the nicest guy out there, is not pushy or salesy at all, and will be immediately invested in your goals as a developer.Read Less",thinkful
"I made a resolution this year to learn front-end development. I was willing to invest what I could into learning, but I honestly didn't have much to invest! I thought it was going to be a fruitless search for an affordable program that covered a significant... Read More amount of information, but lo and behold, I found Thinkful! Seriously, Thinkful is the best deal on a bootcamp you can get. Courses are self-paced and and you get to meet with a personal mentor every week. It was so useful to have a professional developer available to answer questions and keep me on the right track. Their front-end developer course was $300/month, and I came out of the program with an awesome portfolio. I feel very confident that my skills can land me an entry-level/junior developer position, and I'm eager to ramp up to the next level with another Thinkful course.Consider Thinkful as the ultimate bootcamp bargain, without sacrificing quality and individual attention.Also, their customer service is impeccable and very friendly!Read Less",thinkful
"I had a great experience with Thinkful. I took the iOS course (the first time it was offered) and was paired with a spectacular mentor. I spent about 20 hours a week on the curriculum and was able to leverage my mentor for any hangups I had. I learned... Read More enough to create an app and release it on the the App Store and also teach myself more advanced iOS concepts. Prior to the class I had tried learning iOS multiple times and found that it was close to impossible. I bought books, courses and watched youtube videos to no avail. Objective-C is difficult and the xCode environment can be intimidating. Thankfully, the curriculum and my mentor broke things down in a step by step manner and catered to the fact that I had never written a line of code before the class. Now I feel confident when I program and know how to solve tricky problems I had in the past. The iOS Thinkful community has evolved and now there are even more resources for new students to get help and even learn subjects outside of the curriculum. Learning to code is tough, and I think having a community oriented approach like Thinkful does makes the process a lot easier.Read Less",thinkful
"Like many people out there, depite competing demands on my time, I had a real urge to increase my understanding of web related technologies and programming in general. While self-taught for the majority of my knowledge in, networking, programming, Linux... Read More and basic scripting I discovered self-teaching was taking me a lot longer than I thought. As a military instructor, I came to the realization that I needed some scope and objectives to try and achieve my goals. In the middle of 2013, I started to search for a flexible course I could take to help me get a foothold in the coding field. There didn't seem to be a lot of institutions out there that provided the mentorship and scoping that would really help me grow as a student and fledgling developer without investing university level fees. Then I stumbled across Thinkful. They offered a great, always evolving syllabus and mentorship. The most attractive feature of the courses they offered was flexibility. From what I read on their website, I could fit their course work around a schedule that could have me working normal office hours one day, then 5 hours later, be searching for vessels in distress in stormy seas in the middle of the pacific ocean. To be honest it was a no-brainer, I signed up, there wasn't anything really to lose. I never looked back, I have fantastic mentors, who provide honest, critical feedback and have excellent experience. As an instructor, the critical analysis of my code was invaluable to help dme grow as a developer. I also have immense respect for the patience and enthusiasm that Thinkful mentors have. They deal with a multitude of students spread over different time zones, yet always have time for a quick email exchange or chat outside of normal hours. The course flexibility allowed me to work hard when I had the time, and then put in a course pause when my job required that I deploy to a place with minimal connectivity. I completed the front-end developer course in May 2014 and am currently working through the AngularJS syllabus when and where I am able. I've put the skills I gained in the FEWD course into my job developing applications for my current job, and helped me enhance our own teaching cirriculum.As a learning institution and flexible educational model, Thinkful is well worth investing time and effort in. The on-going access you gain to an ever evolving detailed cirriculum, fantastic community of mentors, students and developers is outstanding. It also ensures you can go back and review anything, anytime. I highly recommend Thinkful to anyone who is looking at a structured course and highly-motiviational mentors for getting into the programming game.Read Less",thinkful
I was teaching myself front end development for a year or so but felt so overwhelmed by the amount of information and resources out there. I was never sure if I was going in the right direction. Thinkful was the best solution I could of hoped for to solve... Read More this problem. Their well crafted and up-to-date curriculum tied with passionate mentors created a winning formula. They have mentors that can answer those difficult questions that googling cannot. These answers are delivered in a succinct way based on real world experience and genuine passion for what they do.After completing the front end web development course at the beginning of 2014 I have since moved from a role that didn’t involve writing code to a full time front end development role. I am now back at thinkful to begin 2015 taking the Backend in Node.js course. I know by the time the three months is up I will be equipped with yet another set of invaluable skills to further my career as a developer. Without Thinkful there would be no way I would be working as a developer today. I highly recommend Thinkful to anyone looking to switch careers or just to tie up the loose ends you have with any of the subjects they offer. You won’t regret it!Read Less,thinkful
"I took the FEWD course in the Fall of 2013 and I'm so glad I did! The curriculum was comprehensive, the community was super helpful and my mentor gave me all the guidance I needed to complete the curriculum and make my projects the best they could be.... Read MoreI loved the project-based curriculum because it gave me hands-on experience and practice implementing what I was learning, while helping me build portfolio pieces to apply for a job.Shortly after completing the course, I got my dream job as a Jr Dev at an awesome company, and I have since been promoted. I give Thinkful a lot of credit for giving me the guidance and self-confidence I needed.Read Less",thinkful
"I took the Thinkful front-end course and am now in the middle of the Angular course. After dabbling in code for a while and learning with other tools, I can definitely say that Thinkful has played a significant role in propelling me further in my programming... Read More skills and confidence.What I love most about Thinkful are the hands-on projects you are tasked with at the end of almost each lesson. These projects are what really help me absorb the curriculum and the new tools and skills I'm learning. I've tried a lot of tutorials and online programming schools before including Codecademy and Code School, which were great. But what I was really missing were opportunities to use what I was learning in a real context. With Thinkful I've built numerous apps and sites and now feel way more confident to build something from scratch.The mentor aspect of Thinkful also played a huge role in this, since there was someone reviewing my code each week and giving me feedback. My mentor also went out of his way to push me further when he saw that I was quite ahead in the course, by giving me extra curriculum projects to work on.One could argue that you could find similar projects to work on and just use free tools. Maybe. But for me the bundle of the Thinkful curriculum, plus mentor, plus projects was really a winning formula. Different people learn in different ways. But if you're busy with a day job and family, and are serious about learning, I really would recommend Thinkful. It will save you time and maximize your learning.Read Less",thinkful
"Someone described Thinkful as being “in the middle” between free online resources and $10k+ programming bootcamps, and I think that’s an apt description. I decided on Thinkful over simply using free resources because of two critical factors: motivation... Read More and mentorship. I decided on it over a bootcamp because of it’s flexibility, price, and the thought that I could always enroll in a bootcamp if I got through Thinkful but couldn’t land a job (spoiler: I landed a job almost immediately after finishing Thinkful).I started with the Front-End course, which provided the fundamentals and best-practices I needed to start with next to no coding experience. I found that the mentor sessions and office hours alone were worth the investment - having access to expert programmers for several hours a week is totally invaluable. Think about this, a comparable ""mentor session"" from a service like airpair can cost over $200/hour. To me, this is what made it a no brainer. Beyond the obvious benefit of having a mentor to help you work through problems, I found that having a mentor session or office hours to attend kept me motivated - I never wanted to show up to a session without progress or questions. After finishing the front-end course, I completed the ruby/rails course, and less than two months after, received three offers (rails dev, front-end dev, angularjs dev). I'm now working as an angularjs developer and loving it.Read Less",thinkful
"(This a review I originally published in a blog in December 2013: http://jcollado.github.io/blog/2013/12/20/thinkful-fewd-course-review/) Introduction---------------This week I’ve completed the FEWD (Front End Web Development) course at Thinkful. It’s... Read More been three months of hard work in which I think I’ve made good progress in sharpening my web development skills. In this post, I’m sharing my impressions for those who want to have the opinion of a former student about the course before making the decision to take it.Who is this course for?-----------------------------This is a course that can be taken by absolute beginners to learn html, css and javascript from the ground up, but it’s also useful to people who already have some experience, but want to improve in any of the technologies involved.What does the course include?The resources available to you as a student are: - curriculum: the course content itself. It’s made from content already available on the internet for free, but structured to introduce new concepts progressively. It also includes a set of assignments to ensure student comprehension that have to be posted to the community for feedback (see below). - mentoring sessions: every student has half an hour weekly meetings with a mentor that will provide guidance and specific advice in any area the student is interested in. This is good not only to get personalized information about problems, but also because of the accountability that is generated when you commit to finish some assignment for the following week. - community: this is where the work on the assignments is posted to gather feedback aside from the one provided by your mentor. If you’re in trouble this is a good place to ask for help because you’ll get faster feedback than if you wait for your mentoring session. Also, if you help other students, it’s a nice mechanism to reinforce your own learning since you’ll need to take a look at the same kind of problem multiple times. - office hours: these are daily meetings in which you can also ask a mentor face to face about problems you might have and learn from the questions asked by other students. As for now, the time isn’t very convenient unless you’re in the US, but still it’s a good experience to attend them.What assignments will I work on?------------------------------------------In case you’re curious, the assignments that you’ll need to work on are (including links to my personal work): - Google clone: reproduce the Google homepage. - 37signals clone: reproduce the 37signals homepage. - Hot or cold: Number guessing game. - Shopping list: Todo list application. - Quiz: Quiz application. - API hack: An application that takes advantage of public API. - Portfolio: Final project to showcase the work done during the course.What will I learn?----------------------This almost entirely up to you. The more you involve in the community and the more you work in the assignments, the more advanced stuff you’ll get out of the course. Of course, you can get by with just basic html, css and javascript with jquery; but if you’re curious you can much further than that.In my case, some of the things that I learned are: - Object oriented javascript - MVC frameworks - Data binding libraries - Template libraries - CSS preprocessors - Single page applications - Responsive designI’m not an expert in any of the above, but now I’m confident that I can refer to the documentation of any library and/or framework in the future and get up to speed quickly if I need to.Conclusion--------------After three months of work, I’ve learned quite a few interesting things and I’ve got a portolio that I can improve in the future. I believe this is a quite good outcome for the time spent.What makes the course shine, in my opinion, is that it includes weekly meetings with a mentor and access to a community of students that are going through the same problems as you are. This is really powerful to create accountability and get rid of procrastination to make progress in short time.In case you’re wondering, I feel that I could have learned the same stuff on my own, but I don’t how long would that have taken me. If you’re really good in setting your own goals and keeping the motivation to accomplish them and you’ve got plenty of time to look for good learning resources, then you might not need the course, but I’d still encourage you to think about taking it.Read Less",thinkful
