"Review","school"
"- Course contents are very rich and well-designed- The exercises were good and challenging but in some areas, there were some missing points (in describing the exercise solutions some parts were skipped). - Choosing blog writing as the first project was... Read More brilliant!- Overall, I think this is a very engaging and effective course and I definitely recommend it.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity Nanodegree is the most important experience that changed my mind,my thoughts and my life for ever. In beginning, I had no any prior experience about marketing field and I thought I would not be able to achieve success and pass but with flexibility... Read More and easiness of information explanation, professional instructors and practical application , I became more confident and graduated with huge experience in work place and freelance platforms not just information.Read Less",udacity
"it was a good project to apply what we learned in this Nanodegree course and the previous course . we used languages like HTML , CSS and Javascript to get the layout of the page with dynamic navigation bar . i'm looking forward to the next project and... Read More the coming challenges .Read Less",udacity
"Currently I'm making progress toward Project 2 by reading foundation materials. Quality of offered content, selection of instructors and concept of labs is matching my expectations. Some problems with lab environment are popping out here and there. Fortunately,... Read More during preselection phase I utilized lab time to the maximum and got my way around Azure ML Studio. That helps me overcome problems without need to seek official support . I hope the situation will stay at least like this in terms of stable lab environment. However, I always strive to broaden learning experience by trying different stuff, so my need would be to have more lab time to experiment with suggested additional materials. I also know that is a lot to ask. My next expectation is to have same level of knowledge details we need to put our new skills into practice. Looking forward to see how it will unwrap with Capstone Project. There are some minor mistakes in materials which is understandable. I see that as beneficial, because we need to make our way through even in less than ideal circumstances. This will also prepare us for real-world scenarios to apply ML skills.Read Less",udacity
"Meets SpecificationsWell done on this project. Keep it up!Marketing ObjectiveListed one marketing objective for your blog post.Stated your primary KPI.Provided the target persona from Project One.Your marketing Objective has to follow the SMART approach.... Read More SMART is an acronym that stands for Specific, Measurable, Achievable, Realistic, and Timely. Good work on the marketing objective and KPI.✔️You have done a good job in writing the SMART objective.✔️Your KPI aligns with the objective.✔️The target persona is detailed and relevant for this campaignWrite a Blog PostBlog post has been written with one of the two theme options: Why have you decided to take the Digital Marketing Nanodegree Program? or Choose a successful or creative marketing campaign that you love. What is the story being told by the campaign and why do you love it, why did it catch your attention?Blog post follows one of the two storytelling frameworks: SCQA or PixarThe blog post has been submitted in the Google Doc TemplateThe title of the post is compellingThe voice and tone is appropriate for the audienceIf you include media in your post, include it and make sure you are compliant with copyright lawsThe blog post is a minimum of 250 words and maximum of 500✔️ The blog is written as per the chosen theme and using the storytelling framework: SCQA✔️ The title of the post is compelling✔️ Voice and tone are appropriate. The blog post is 250+ words✔️If you include media in your post, include it and make sure you are compliant with copyright laws. Please add the source to your images so we can validate thisCraft Social Media PostsIdentified three social media platforms and given a short one to two sentence description of why that channel was chosenThe social media platforms chosen are a good fit for the target audienceCrafted one post for each of the three platforms chosenSocial media posts should have compelling contentThe content of social media posts meets the standard of the way the channel is primarily used (character count, images, etc)Good job on social media posts. They are well-written and have a proper CTA.To get additional info on how to best create a post and get some more inspiration, you may have a look at this article:https://buffer.com/resources/how-to-craft-the-perfect-post-on-facebook-twitter-and-instagramRead Less",udacity
"Udacity considered a very effective educational platform for me, as it directly connected to my needs, abilities and market needs. It will be always a great choice for me. Its programs and courses designed to give you a real projects to grow you skills... Read More and make it fit with the market needsRead Less",udacity
"Udacity is my best experience so far with learning platforms! From coding skills to soft skill for high graded position in high tech companies, Udacity brings clarity and structure when learning about a specific job. Udacity simplifies any complex topic... Read More with a step-by-step methodology and emphazises self motivation. I highly recommand !Read Less",udacity
"I started the course with low ambitions but i surprised with the easy use website (UDACITY), international lecturers, the experience people that exist in the interviews , really it is a awesome journey not a boring learning course, i wished to work with... Read More them after the DMND course, Thank you EGYPT fwd and UDACITY.Read Less",udacity
"Awesome program for android developers and it is highly updated to the last technologies, concepts and libraries that the community and companies around the world adopt in their products. Hey what about the next step develop mobile applications in all... Read More form factors like iOS and Web using Flutter, after I complete these program I would love to be able to develop using FlutterRead Less",udacity
I highly recommend this progran to anyone who is trying to be on track.However its very practical amd even if you are a professional it will affect you positivelyand and to your knowledge.I choosed digital marketing nano degree program advanced track... Read More and i believe its very good thank you Udacity ،،❤️Read Less,udacity
This program turned out to be really beneficial to a great extent. Udacity is providing three tracks for digital marketing that really helped me know more about the field and start my freelancing career. Being part of Udacity's program has been such a... Read More pleasure. All the materials are clear and the reviewers are professional.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity is an outstanding platform that enables absolutely everyone analyze some thing including digital marketing , design , programming and lots greater the use of contemporary-day era as their medium to attain humans everywhere in the world. Udacity... Read More presents cooperative movies and assigenements to make certain that their college students apprehend the idea.Udacity's on-line cources are the pleasant manner to analyze any idea in an easy , a laugh and less costly manner.Read Less",udacity
Do not waste your money on the react course from Udacity. The course give very little video instructions. You can learn just as much free online courses. Very disappointed. Udemy has a React course that gives you much better video instructions and is... Read More only $12 compared to $1500.00 to $750.000 per course.Read Less,udacity
"The program so far is going great. I do appreciate the marketing framework. This was a great explanation of how to go about creating a marketing plan/campaign. I appreciate the simple approach that can be customized to each businesses' needs. Some suggestions... Read More I would offer is a greater variety of example companies, especially in different industries. BambooHR is B2B and I wish more of those types were featured. B2C gets more attention as the audience is larger and a vast number of different avenues to market to them. B2B needs to take a more strategic approach because while they are selling to business, the businesses should be treated as customers. But problem lies is that there are multiple decision makers in a business and that should be emphasized and explained.Read Less",udacity
"It was a wonderful education journey…It was a wonderful education journey that will satisfy my needs and meet all my expectations,In Digital Marketing Nanodegree they will teach all points and have a great practicing with live monitoring for all the sections... Read MoreThank you UdacityRead Less",udacity
Thank you for your efforts and I really appreciate it and I learned a lot and I do my best to gain as much as I can to start my own project and be a clever marketer as you teach me. Thank you and I recommend the course to all my interested friends. Again... Read More thank you ☺️Read Less,udacity
really greatI learned many things that I did notI know her before I have expanded my experiences in the field of digital marketing and this helped me improve my skills The program fits my needs and expectations I'm very interested this programThank you... Read More very muchRead Less,udacity
I needed a re-introduction to data analysis and this nanodegree is checking all the boxes. The goal is improve in my current role and create a foundation for adding some future coding skills to my toolkit. Udacity provides a practical learning environment... Read More that I can immediately apply in the my job search. Thank you Udacity.Read Less,udacity
"it's very useful and I benefit more from it in Java script , I can make dynamic navbar now and make it smooth on scroll . Thanks Udacity for this amazing journey that i really benefit from a lot, I am still studing and i hope to be a part from udacity... Read More team to help other people to be more expert in my fieldRead Less",udacity
"The program is going very good, for 7 months I looked for a program that help me to change my career, until I found that program and that scholarship, I chose to study Digital Marketing Nano Degree because is related to my previous experience in sales.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I am really enjoying the program. It is very nicely designed. Could be more expensive than other courses, but is way better. This program covers the foundations of Python in the depth I needed, and is indeed very carefully designed. I strongly recommend... Read More it for those who want to dive seriously in the paths of AI and Data Science. I strongly recommend Udacity, they are pretty good in what they do.Read Less",udacity
"It was amazing part of the Course , I have learned so much to develop my skills and gain more information for Digital Marketing ;They are assisting , helping guiding me and all students to pass the project with efficiency . Practice and Implement what... Read More I have learnt is the most important part as this course has to be practiced.Read Less",udacity
good projects and very good reviewer I liked the project of missing parts to complete and having a deadline to deliver. it's very good idea to get challenged and to practice the course information,udacity
"For me after the corona virus i decided to make value from my free time by developing myself, i loved digital marketing and i found that it's an ongoing job which have a future even during the pandemic, so i found this amazing initiative and decided to... Read More take my first step in my career. this program exceeded my expectations it gives me amazing content not just that but it also make me work on a real project and try my self in making a marketing campaign in many different channels which needed from me great effort but it was fun and worth it. thank you all for everything.Read Less",udacity
"The project went very well, I really enjoyed it. I actually learned more during the project than the activities. Their mentors are available 24/7 and always ready to provide assistance and give more information. The allocated time to complete projects... Read More is sufficient and you can extended it if you feel like you need more time. I am looking forward to the next project and activities.Read Less",udacity
"Great place to learn the basics of SQL. Although, the series can be a bit bland and its a little expensive when compared to other MOOCs like datacamp etc. Their mentors have so far been responsive and helpful when I needed help and probably the only useful... Read More forum on their platform. I'm not too sure about their career services yet as I've just started on this journey and so far, I've had one career coach session, and the person didn't sound like that person's dealt with too many techies coming from varied backgrounds and seemed like a regular career coach to me.Read Less",udacity
Thank Udacity for this opportunity .This is amazing way to learn : To learn on real projects and very good support from the leaders and Community support .I feel I'm really learning .. yes sometimes I feel tired but it Worth it....♥️,udacity
I attended FWD data analysis professional track . Really the content course is very useful as it matches my experience and match my needs exactly as i was looking for learning Python but can't know from which point start so this course give me the road... Read More map step by step Very good experience and i am continuing .Read Less,udacity
"Really i have enjoyed the program so far, the material included with tutorials are very informative as well as the supplied resources and quizzes which leads you to practice and build up your knowledge, also a most powerful tool is the fwd community it... Read More is so supportive, helpful and interactive this helps a lot in the program and gives it the soul of challenge and continuity. Thank you Udacity. Thank you Fwd Community.Read Less",udacity
"I am very pleased with the content structure, very well organized ,and work perfectly on a linear education path. The course is very informative and the practical part is rich and the projects force us to learn more and search for answers.that been said,... Read More I am very disappointed with the communication and support between us and the instructors. Slack is a team communication tool, but for a group of over 200 members, you easily get lost. no way to track new content, and an extremely poor e-mail notification feature. I think a support forum might have been more productive.Read Less",udacity
"The videos are very informative and have good lengths. The solutions provided are always helpful to complete the assignments and projects. I much prefer doing my work locally in my IDE (PyCharm). However, this has been difficult because installing psycopg2... Read More (a PostgreSQL package) was laborious. Using the Udacity online workspace, while I appreciate all that was built into it, just lacks easy navigation and code-completion, which an IDE has for a heavy project like project 1. Nevertheless, it brings us close to the real struggles and difficulties of data engineering, so I appreciate that and all the staff and technical support provided to us. They're here to help us succeed! The Knowledge center had lots of useful information. I just had to be willing to take the time to use it, but its search functions are well built. The curriculum structure is great. I think it's encouraging. I like the habit of 30 days of Udacity. Though I don't read all emails/messages from the social media staff member, I read at least half of them, which is uplifting that humans are behind the scenes cheering us all on. I liked the Slack channel that was in my DSND in 2018. I use the chat channel and it is quite good, but still tricky to navigate regularly. The integration with Facebook is a great idea!Read Less",udacity
"i'm studying now Nano Degree program which going to my specific needs, its match my need and cross my exceptions, and am highly recommended this program for Digital Marketer who want to enhance his experience and need to Digitam marketing field so it... Read More will enhance your experience to the highest degreeRead Less",udacity
Education is the only way to professional and personal development so I constantly like the commitment to learning also education that depends on the implementation of projects is one of the most important and best projects ever and this was my experience... Read More with nanodegree from Udacity it is a wonderful experience and I invite everyone to experience this excellent experience.Read Less,udacity
"It was the best online course I have been part of, Thank you udacity for such amazing content. They provide best tutors and also very good job support. I have got this opportunity through Udacity's tech scholarship and I have learned IaaC, Jenkins, Ansible,... Read More CloudFormation, Docker, Circleci, Kubernetes, etc.Read Less",udacity
"It took our hands from scratch to be professional in data science with valuable content and simplified teaching.Instructors and tutors are helpful , webinar meeting helped me to do my first project.The projects make me understand and practice very well.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"The classes are short and to the point. That's something I appreciate alot. Being direct, short, meaningful with examples is brilliant. Including some real life examples and data with hands on would definitely add more to the course value. Cheers, Shaboon... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"the course is great.. thing is the prerequisites are kinda hard .. so it's better if you are sure about your front end and your sql before you start as i needed to go study another sql course. the first project is great. you learn how to link 3 tables... Read More and define relations between them. get data back from database, populate objects and show data! it was so much fun and learned a lotRead Less",udacity
"The program has exceded my expectations, since I have learn many applied things I didn't know before. Learning many concepts and assess the learning via quizes throughout the process is quite usefull, nonetheless I would reccomend you to grant a little... Read More more access time for very interested users, in order to review and refresh concepts already seen in the first time. Udacity platform would be the most relevant and competitive to my taste if it granted access for an unlimited period of time even if it meant to pay an extra fee for a membership after finishing a course.Read Less",udacity
"Project zero using car simulator and program is very interesting and fancy, while I got some problem loading it - using Unity Wed GL loading difficultly but finally it works. Coding is designed for very beginner level, really considerable and helpful... Read More for beginner to be encouraged. Keep going!Read Less",udacity
The Advanced Digital Marketing Nano Degree Program is an amazing experience for online advanced Marketing Programs which will boost your experience with fun. This is a unique experience that everyone working in Marketing and Sales Career will need to... Read More go throughRead Less,udacity
"It's a helpful program actually, improves my digital marketing skills, very helpful and experienced leaders. Really I am having a great experience in this educational program and I am willing to complete this course and gain the skills required for the... Read More Digital Marketing market.Read Less",udacity
"My name is Mafdy Magdy from Egypt, i am a musician and currently an Android developer, back in 2018 i was working as an android developer, in that time i had 2 years of experience which was the only experience about android development i had in genera... Read More l, i took the job straight after graduating from college with no real experience in android development, i learned all i can but learning online can be a huge challenge, it was very difficult if i am being honest, then i knew that Udacity was offering free scholarships ( 1000 in Android ) so i applied, i got a challenge scholarship for 3 months where i was among 10000 students, the goal was to finish learning the course and help others, be active with your community, the experience was amazing, mentors always answered students questions and i learned a lot from asking and reading others questions with their answers, then i received an email that i am being offered the Scholarship for free, if i am being honest this was one of the happiest days of my life, for 6 months mentors and students were on Slack sharing our questions and answers, Slack can be very good for sharing knowledge, getting to know the latest news, organizing everything into rooms and helping each other of course, we kept motivating each other to complete the course and apply projects, it was not an easy challenge to be honest, keeping up to finish the content during the 6 months while submitting projects and then the final project which was the graduation project and then i got my certificate, i felt very proud and have really achieved something having a mentor for these 6 months privately to answer all my questions was much needed, i asked him a lot actually to get advise for my career and to progress further in android development, i asked about things in the course content as well and he was very helpful. the course content was made with care and designed perfectly to help anyone become an android developer, along with the huge among of knowledge and questions asked on Slack and the Udacity community with each other and our mentors you can really get to know a lot about android development, i continued my android job with much more knowledge and it helped a lot, i also progressed further in some projects of my own which were Music related, Udacity is Recommended if you really want to learn and advance your career, you'll find the community and everything you need and more.Read Less",udacity
"The program seemed to be okay but I had to quit because of covid and couldn't figure out how to cancel my subscription. They make it very difficult and it is literally impossible to talk to a customer service representative. They are not to be trusted!... Read More Do you NOT use udacity. If you do not like it, it will be impossible to get your money back.Read Less",udacity
"Even with teaching the engineering design process for years, I still have a lot to learn in product management. Old dog learning new tricks here. This program is not for the faint of heart. There is real theory and real life situations that prepare you... Read More for a future in this field. Resources are well provided. Also, there's so much support and communication all over the board from peers, mentors, and staff. Thank you Udacity for putting this program together!Read Less",udacity
"good learning method and enhances this experience by a lot of project i think learning by short videos and learning after that will made you concentrating and more focus , also project give you the right practice to test what you learned , i think this... Read More course will make my shifting to data analysis job is very easyRead Less",udacity
I’m enjoying my best life time experiences via udacity. It’s the best learning platform that has empowered my skills to the top ! I get certified in Digital Marketing challenge track and now I’m on the professional track. Thanks to all mentors and everyone... Read More who worked on that great job !Read Less,udacity
"Till now the Digital Marketing - Professional Track program DMND is more than satisfying in terms of content, resources, and support. I highly recommend taking this program in Udacity as they are respectful, and professional platform where you can learn... Read More and grow.Read Less",udacity
"helloif you want to waste money, sign up for audacity, no methodology and shabby content, unfortunately udacity is an empty shell. run away before falling into this scam. if you want to learn code, read books or buy an udemy tutorial costs 50 times cheaper... Read More 1000 times more efficientRead Less",udacity
"The Udacity nanodegree for Full Stack Development is just perfect. It has covered the backend using Flask very well alomg with authentication tools like Auth0. The projects are helpful for the implementation of the skills learnt and the projects are interesting.... Read More It would be better if they covered frontend teaching too. They have mainly focused on backend and how to deploy the applications on Heroku and AWS. They have also included the Docker and Kubernetes deployment tools, with eks cluster.Read Less",udacity
"I love Udacity's way of teaching, they break concepts down to their smallest possible components and then elaborate on EACH detail - it's amazing. This method of teaching not only provides a gradual introduction to new concepts, but it is also empowering... Read More for people that are transitioning to tech for the first time and don't need to be overwhelmed. I LOVE it!!Read Less",udacity
"This course has been somewhat challenging. But asides that, its been great. I took a course similar to this last year and i felt this would just be a work through course but to my amazement it turned out different than i expected. I mean it took me like... Read More a full week to really understand how the alteryx software works. But with that being said, its was really great course. Especially for anyone venturing into the business analysis space.Read Less",udacity
Pros :* Online training and learn from home .* Flixible attending hours fir the course .*Ability to download the course and learn offline .*Project after every section in the course .*Mentors help and check the projects .Cons:* Course Gui and the course... Read More sections are somehow not well organized .*Read Less,udacity
"I have really enjoyed the progression through the program. The languages used in the Full Stack Nanodegree are up-to-date and relevant to the current state of programming. The 10 hour/week recommendation seems a little low. To keep pace with the deadlines... Read More and work through all the lessons and examples, I spend closer to 15 hours/week.Read Less",udacity
It’s very good program and useful. I will keep learning and educate new things from udacity. It was very good experience and it will add to my CV a lot. I feel happy to be a part of the udacity program especially in Business analytics program. I graduated... Read More from UAEU and i have bachelor’s degree from Business Administration that’s mean this program will give me more information and opportunities to learn more about my major.Read Less,udacity
ProsGood expressions and detailed visual presentations.Easy to understandGood exercises and quzies improves learningNice and detailed reviews after completing projects.ConsIt can be some reminder boxes in the exercise and project area to improve learning... Read More duration.Read Less,udacity
Data Engineering Nanodegree program at Udacity is awesome. I have learned so much and grapped the concepts of data modeling in a short time in this program. The project feedback is very helpful and supportive. Thanks Udacity and staff members. Love you.You're... Read More awesome!Read Less,udacity
"My Product Manager Nanodegree with Udacity has been enlightening. I can say that I grew from a novice, who knew almost nothing about Product Management to someone who was able to carry out PM duties on a new product from Product Strategy to Launching",udacity
"YES ,It was going excellent and It gives a great learning experience to me , I enrolled in this course as a beginner but now I have a much better understanding and clarity of how things works in actually besides the code about the HTML , CSS and JavaScript... Read More I was very much excited for the next concept it gives me a lot more learn about the Front End development .Read Less",udacity
The project was an excellent exposure to an analytics problem and the solution was reviewed correctly. The instructor reviewed the project correctly pointing out the required changes to be made. The project required easily accessible tools and was a great... Read More warm-up project.Read Less,udacity
"udacity project based learning too effective as compare to learn from the bootcamp instructors, udacity help to learn new technologies during the global pandemic with their effective prices . and udacity also review your project and helps to find your... Read More mistakes in the code and suggest another way technicesRead Less",udacity
I submitted a project to be approved to run my Facebook ads and it was approved just fine. Now the second reviewer for the second project is telling me I did it completely wrong. They turned off the assignment submit feature on me where I couldn't submit... Read More anymore assignments.I also submitted another assignment by accident that was CLEARLY wrong but it was approved just fine. I contacted Udacity about that too and never received a response.I was supposed to be done with my course before the 5/25 deadline of being charged again.So now I have spent hours of my time trying to complete a course and Udacity won't even let me finish to receive my Digital Marketing certificate.I want a FREE course extension due to the incompetence of their reviewers but I can't even get a response back to my emails.Don't waste your time and money. This is a scam company.Read Less,udacity
"False and misleading advertising, asked for assistance with regards to their current promotion offering first month free. This is false advertising, this is not offered. They ask that I wait 28-48 hours for a response which is fair enough but after 6... Read More days I finally get a response. Unfortunately it is an unhelpful textbook reply that doesn’t even answer my question in the first place. Do not recommend and do not fall for their misleading advertisingRead Less",udacity
This is a well-structured and engaging program that enables beginners to thoroughly learn basic data analysis and programming concepts. The program also touches on some advanced and tangential topics that seamlessly complement the core course content.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
"The program has been excellent so far. The first project allows me to implement the knowledge that I have gained into a process/product that has practical value. The software engineering skills that are implicitly taught in the project have been valuable... Read More as I get to understand how the entire ETL pipeline is constructed using multiple files. In addition, the workspace feature provided by Udacity removes the complexity of having to set up the environments in our personal computers and allow us to focus on the materials taught in the lesson. Overall, I am a happy student and am eager to continue my journey with Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"I'll say everything to the point. This is very great program and you will definitely learn something new and advanced. The only problem I faced is if comparing the experience of ML foundation nanodegree(already graduated) to this one is there is a lots... Read More of reading material in c++ ND that I would like to be converted to videos, that will serve it in more convenient way. Rest, each and every part of program is awesome. Thank You Udacity Team :)Read Less",udacity
"What i am most loved about this Intro to machine learning is, it is beginner level course and i'll get all knowledge to start from beginning with industry level project experience. I am enjoying this Nanodegree allot. I learned some new concept about... Read More machine learning like Supervised learning, Deep learning and Unsupervised learning. What i didn't like in this nanodegree is that shortage of video content, there is allot of reading material, that feel me board but i motivated my self to do atleast 5hours to complete this course before time.One thing i want to say about pricing, Udacity is allot for these courses a brighter student may not able to purchase these courses due to high pricing of the courses Otherwise the course content is really amazing. I just loved itRead Less",udacity
"The amazing thing about udacity is the real life projects set. This gives you a ""hands-on"" experience of every day life as a Data Scientist, and, hence,  allows you to test your skills in this profession. The mentors are great in helping you step up,... Read More accomplishing your goals.Read Less",udacity
"The pegagogy of teaching is giving a feeling like learning in an educational institute. I had never been to such intricate courses with intense practical methodologies. However, If you are not aware of this cognitive classes I think you are missing something... Read More larger than the knowledge you have.Read Less",udacity
At first i could not understand from where and how to solve the problems but after revision my own notes learned from Udacity classroom it help me to solve my problem and enhance my confidence .It is really a point to point learning platform and I enjoyed... Read More a lot in my classroomRead Less,udacity
"It was my first project and I didn't expected that I will learn minor to major things. Udacity mentors, recommendations and chat members supported me in my project. I cleared my first project in 3rd attempt. There is nothing which you can't do but without... Read More having knowledge about it you can't do anything!!! Thank You Udacity Team, Mentors, and Udacians!!!Read Less",udacity
"I've tried many online courses and usually it was really difficult to learn and keep up with classes. But this course it's different, starting with the didactic way that information is organized and the actually content! It takes time, you actually have... Read More to take at least 2 hours of your day to finish it, but it helps to assimilate the knowledgeRead Less",udacity
"The pros of the programme:They tech you every thing from the scratch and with industry people, like I am learning android developer from Google employee.The corns of the programThe programme is bit expensive but you will not regret it when you will finish... Read More the course.Read Less",udacity
"I choose to study Product Manager on Udacity. I love it. I love to study and the program forced me to really do some quite hard job: to think, to use what I have learn in required projects etc. The program is well done, it's fun, many handy resources.... Read More My only concern is, will I be able to get a better job after completing this program? On the other side, I am already getting some better feeling about myself and what can I do which is also important.Read Less",udacity
I am completely new to Python and this program gave me the confidence that I can apply the skills I learnt in my real life work related problem solving. A big thanks to all the mentors and peers who helped me complete the project. The response was very... Read More quick and prompt whenever I got stuck and that helped me answer many questions during this course. Grateful to everyone here.Read Less,udacity
"I find the Data Engineer nanodegree helpful for understanding and getting real skills with tools in this field. I liked that the specialization has its working environment and do not have to worry about it. Of the small disadvantages, I can only name... Read More too kind attitude of reviewers. They do not force to redo minor blemishes but describe them. Although it will be a plus for Someone. I like hardcore.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:- Excellent Curriculum Structure of the program- Outstanding mentor support, materials and blog interactions. My mentor was a 100% match to my personality and skills- Projects reviews are a motivator to achieve great things in your work- Good variety... Read More of practical projects- Career services is a state of the art and coaches are world-class quality- A wide scope for challenging and testing your skills altogetherCons:- Can be more practical and industry focused in the practical statistics lessons- Some of the contents are a bit challenging and can hinder progress for a time, either needs more simplicity or provide more and more practice, such as the Data wrangling and practical statisticsSuggested idea (some may be long shots):- Maybe more matchmaking quizzes and little tweaking and focus through them would boost the learning experience moreRead Less",udacity
"I love the concept used in teaching which is really fun and the fact that the Instructors explained in details of what is needed to be known to the students makes it lovely. The projects given were also spectacular for a Beginner in Android Development,... Read More Thank you Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is a one of the best platforms if you are looking forward to launching your career in any field related to Machine learning, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Udacity offers a lot of courses for students all over the world to study... Read More and acquire the in-depth knowledge about this field. Udacity is known for its Nanodegree programs are they are the reputed courses which land you job opportunities and are actually considered an education. The Data Scientist Foundation, Data Analyst, Machine Learning Foundation, Python Foundation Big Data Nanodegree programs are one of the best. You get to learn all the topics by the best mentors out there who make you understand the difficult concepts in layman's terms so that students who do not have any prior knowledge can also understand.Read Less",udacity
"It’s been an amazing experience. I loved the way the whole course was designed, I loved it so much that I finished it within a month. If you can keep aside some technical issues here and there, so if you are someone like me who loves to code and is just... Read More getting started with AI, this is for you.Read Less",udacity
"I signed up for the Intro To Programming NanoDegree class in Jan 2020, as part of a New Year's goal to learn some programming basics, and see if I enjoy it. I found a coupon code that made the class come to around $150/month, so my total investment is... Read More around $600. I liked the idea of having structure around my learning, and the ability to get a NanoDegree though I have no clue what it is worth... I was computer ""savy"" and have a background in science and startups, but didn't know a single line of code. After ~5 months, here are my thoughts:The good: - I found out that I do enjoy programming. - I learned a lot of the ""basics"" for HTML, CSS, JaveScript, Python, Git, GitHub, the shell, etc... that I had no clue about beforehand. - I love python and am excited to create future programs in that. Also planning to start studying Java on my own. - The first 6 ""Lessons"" were super great and really taught me the basics and FORCED me to practice. The bad:- After the first 6 lessons, starting with the ""Intro to Python, Part 3"" and continuing into the ""Intro to JavaScript"", the quality of the lessons and content went drastically down hill. The teacher videos were awkwardly dorky (a dance party of developer eating donuts, wtf?), the lessons had tons of errors, bad links, and no answer keys or feedback on best practices for an answer. They basically just pulled content from other NanoDegrees and programs, and ""pasted"" it all hodge-podge into this NanoDegree, so it didn't flow, and often didn't make sense. - They would teach you do to one thing (like write variables in JS as ""var"") and then in the class projects tell you not to use ""var"" but to use ""const"" because ""var"" is outdated. Without explaining. - They ended 1:1 mentors right as I was getting to where having a mentor would have been nice. - They keep pushing their ""help"" / ""student"" community rooms, but they are super hard to interact with in a way that provides value. It would honestly be better if they used Slack or something, instead of their own version. - If you want to cancel your automatic payments, they force you to talk to a slow-responding chat-bot for 20 minutes. Super sketch. And bad customer service. - The career services is basically useless for someone just starting out with no previous knowledge in the ""Intro to Programming"" NanoDegree. They should remove that feature, and lower the cost. Might keep more customers that way. There is no way that only completing the ""Intro to Programming"" degree will get you a job as a developer. At least looking at my skills (and I'm not a dummy), I doubt I could get something.- They should have you do ""projects"" that are more usable in real life. Sure, who doesn't love an adventure game in python, but something like a tool that manipulates spreadsheets would be much more useful. Plus, who plays ""Rock Paper Scissors"" with a computer?So, in conclusion:- If you have the time to dig in and complete the program in 1, max 2 months, it is probably worth it. My wife had our 2nd kid, I have 2 full time businesses, and another venture finance class I was taking, so it took me longer than I wanted (especially after the baby was born) to finish (just submitted the last required project today).- It got me going. I now know the basics, and am inspired to learn more. - It made me do the work. I finished, cause I want my silly $600 NanoDegree!- If you want the most bang for the buck, and you are brand new to programming, finish the first 6 lessons in the first month, then cancel and use YouTube videos to learn JavaScript and how to use GitHub. I'll probably get some books now as well. And I'll probably just start trying to make things.Read Less",udacity
"I signed up for what I thought was ONE program that I could cancel within two weeks only to be told that no I signed up for a ""bundle."" I have no idea what that is and even the support person couldn't explain it clearly to me. So because of this bundle... Read More or whatever (again nothing was made clear) they are saying that I can't cancel until after June and that Affirm it still going to charge me $600+ for a class I am not even taking. Customer support is awful, the policies aren't made clear and from what I can tell the class structure is a mess. I decided not to take the class because it didn't seem worth the money and was nothing like how it was described. There were only 3 lame projects that I could easily finish in a few weeks, sorry but not worth paying $600 for! Also it should be noted that the support person I was talking to was extremely rude and ""suggested that I focus my time on studying"" instead of complaining. EXCUSE ME? There are better ways of learning online for a lot less money and with better support. Also ask yourself this, how many people do you know getting jobs because they took one of these stupid Udacity courses? It should be noted that I was a Grow with Google Udacity scholarship recipient a few years ago so I what I now know is that this company is mostly just out to get their hooks in you by luring you in with something free only to keep you coming back and paying for more and more courses. Don't be fooled by their tech savvy website and marketing skills, this is just another for-profit school with phony certifications redesigned for the tech era.Read Less",udacity
It was a good course even the projects was so hard to tough you and search for many materials outside the course but not provide the much examples from instructors even the projects are way different than the course path.second i wish the free testing... Read More app be more than 1 hour.Read Less,udacity
"Lessons are really well organized and a lot of hands on accelerates the learning process. Hands on projects are relevant, difficult enough to be challenging but not too difficult to overwhelm. I feel like this program is really preparing me to become... Read More a developer in the autonomous vehicle space.Read Less",udacity
"UX Designer course is excellent. Curriculum, platform used, activities and the additional links are fantastic. I wish I could have a constructive feedback for the sack of improvement, but so far I have none. I'm really enjoying the course and I m looking... Read More forward to keep learning.Read Less",udacity
"It is fairly on the easy side in my opinion, even for someone who's starting out like myself, so it can't be a little unchallenging at times. That said, it's better to be on the easy side than the hard side for an intro course. Had a great experience... Read More and learned a lot.Read Less",udacity
"This program helps me understand programming and math concepts more in depth by applying them in the beautiful field of robotics with well-written hands-on tutorials. The video lessons, the tools and the material in the course build a fun and engaging... Read More learning environment.Read Less",udacity
"The exercises as well as the notes and project are practical which one can immediately apply to their current jobs. It is amazing! I almost skipped some lessons because I use these tools everyday and to my surprise, there were so many fundamental things... Read More that I had no idea existed. Now I'm becoming an expert with my day-to-day tasks at work. Thanks Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"Lessons are extraordinarily simplified. I was able to understand the concepts, even mathematical ones without repeating videos. It is exciting how I'm able to do my projects, submit them with ease and receive reviews as well. This course will position... Read More me for promotion in my career and other opportunities.Read Less",udacity
Just the first week of the Data Structures and Algorithms Nano Degree. It is going very well. I like the way I'm learning. It is helping me go at a very fast pace by using the state of the art technology. The only thing you need is to visit Udacity every... Read More day and everything just falls in place!Read Less,udacity
"In this program, I got introduced to the various services provided by Amazon Web Services. I also learned how to take advantage of the benefits of modern architectures for greater agility, innovation, and lower total cost of ownership and build upon your... Read More existing ideas using real-world examples.Read Less",udacity
"I enjoyed the project, all was well understood, I have confidence after finishing this course I will get Devops Engineer Job, in a well established organization. AWS S3 and cloudfront well understood. Thank you for the opportunity Udacity and Bertelsmann.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I loved the way it is organized, especially, the way the course started by a project. Though it seemed very hard for someone who just started a course, it makes students to do a research on the topics they don't understand well. That is what happened... Read More to me. I red some concepts and used them, to make my first project stand out.Read Less",udacity
Pros top the program are that it is small snip it videos and they are generally easy to follow. Cons are that the subject matter tends to drive you to read ahead instead of a follow along with the program. Seems a little counter intuitive. The knowledge... Read More level they provide is great and they are really good at anything programming related. The analytics program is very informative and keeps me engaged.Read Less,udacity
"Well arranged course with detailed content, Highly experienced instructors and beneficial projects with good reviews and feedbacks. I put my first steps in the field of artificial intelligence with strong background in python applications and neural networks... Read More basics.Read Less",udacity
"One of the most amazing learning experience ever had. Here results depend upon the project. Udacity provides not only course but also the career service, linkedin review and github review. Unlike other online portal here udacity provides the mentor support... Read More by which if you have any doubt it can be cleared.Read Less",udacity
"Estoy completamente satisfecho con los resultados y el conocimiento obtenido. Todavía tengo mucho que estudiar, practicar y experimentar, pero si pudiera darles 1000 estrellas lo haría porque se las merecen. Me siento orgulloso de formar parte de sus... Read More alumnos.Read Less",udacity
"I noticed most reviewers were based in India, so you won’t have any communication opportunity with them except they write comments for your work. Besides, there’re no standard at all. Though udacity gives general rules, they can decide you pass or not... Read More by themselves. One reviewer said me passed, only need minor changes, after I made changes and resubmitted, the other reviewer said other places were wrong. Endless editing for different reviewers. Make no sense. Terrible support for career opportunitiesRead Less",udacity
It is very easy way to learn online like this. It is not just a course with videos. They also have personal mentors and reviewers. The project are easy but interesting. The feedback is very detailed. Only a minor thing.... it would be nice if I can send... Read More zip-files in the chat interface and not just pictures or parts of code.Read Less,udacity
This nano program is very useful and update. I registered in a 2 years Front End course in YH school in Sweden beside this nano program and I see Udacity is very flexible and more project base than that course. After every chapter you should complete... Read More a project and every project can be a good resume for you if you do not have experience. You can see one my review in this link: https://review.udacity.com/#!/reviews/2124338Read Less,udacity
I feel much more confident working on ReactJS after completing React Fundamentals. I have been studying React form other resources before but never was clear with the basics. I really loved the code review part and support from the Udacity Developer's... Read More Team. Thanks a lot!Read Less,udacity
"Both content and production are excellent. I come from different background but i enjoyed with this course. With real world projects and immersive content built in partnership with top tier companies, i’ll master the tech skills companies want. so its... Read More worthRead Less",udacity
"The only bad thing is the time constrain becuse the job time, but every thing was amazing time and I learned a lot of new things and this expreince puts me in the correct path of programming which I am planning to continue to be a professional in C++... Read More programming languge.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity's AI programming with python nano degree is excellent. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Instructors and videos were very clear, and tasks were always relevant. The best about it was working on a project and getting feedback on it very quickly. For me,... Read More Udacity is the best online platform for learning technology formally and seriously. My nano degree experience proves it to me.Read Less",udacity
A phenomenal and rewarding experience. Thank you for making it possible. This is definitely a unique offer to anyone wishing to experience of future learning. The course material was useful academically and professionally. UX/UI is the greatest online... Read More education website.Read Less,udacity
This is a four month program which is quite useful for folks interested in keeping up with recent developments in AI and Machine Learning. It helped me quickly brush up on theoretical as well as practical aspects of Deep Learning. Program is self paced... Read More with flexible thereby helping me complete it side by side with my Full Time job. At the same time it is intense in the sense that assignments force you to think deeply about curse contents and implement them in a real problem. Highly RecommendedRead Less,udacity
"The content is a lot to take in. Information is presented to us at lighting speed, which is good, it'll just take repetition to be able to regurgitate it at the level we are consuming it. Very professional and in-depth set of knowledge in the Flying Car... Read More Program.Read Less",udacity
The program is awesome and helped me a lot in bringing u[p my new skill. I am now curious about working on AI for Edge and looking for further courses to dig deeper.The program begins with describing about the AI at the edge its meaning and where it is... Read More used. And end up deploying a application to count people.Read Less,udacity
"Pros:1. Great project reviews.2. Great teacher (Cummings) - He breaks down react and redux better than any teacher I have come across.3. Offers career advice and also helps you set up your Github and LinkedIn profiles to match professional standards.... Read MoreCons: 1. Cost2. More regular updates - However, the project reviewers stay update and will provide helpful feedbacks even if you are using the latest additions to React.Read Less",udacity
Pros:I am deeply impressed by the quality of this course; the videos and teacher's notes.The lessons go straight to point the learner to the most important takeaways at each stage. It is an amazing experience going through this Fullstack Developer Nanodegree... Read More Program and I will highly recommend it to anybody.The quality of the feedback from reviewers is world class.Cons:Lack or inadequate Internet availability and power supply will pose a great challenge when undergoing a program like thisAppreciation:I want to use the opportunity to appreciate Andela Talent Accelerators who is the sponsor of the course. I will be forever grateful to them.Prayer: I hope I will get an extension to still access this course if I am not able to finish it within the due time.It has been an awesome experience so far.Read Less,udacity
"I opted for the python nano degree course back then in 2018 and it came out to be immensely enrich my knowledge starting from basics of python to data analytics methodologies. The course is well verse planned so that the student get the most out of it.... Read More The final assignment that is the ""US Bike Share Analysis"" entails all the learned methods and structures that helped me to kick start my career into data analytics. A must do course for all beginners.Read Less",udacity
"I took both the Android Basics and Android Developer courses from Udacity. They were great fun, especially having almost no programming experience. I would consider myself now to be pretty conversant in the app developer industry. I've built a couple... Read More apps as a hobby, but never made the career transition. The Udacity Connect conference held in Mountain View was a life-changer. I've never felt so at home with a group of peers.Pros:-Work at your own pace-Study at home-Incredible value for your tuition-Great community. Udacity seems to make a substantial effort to connect their students to industry peers. I really came to appreciate this.Cons:-Work at your own pace-Study at home-One of the courses, the Android Developer course, had a seemly exponential level of difficulty and I thought handled one of the subjects (error testing) poorly. -I would have appreciated a bit more guidance on my final project. I think I chose something that was much more difficult than I should have. This amounted to a lot of extra time spend problem solving while I was paying tuition the entire time.Overall, I really loved my time with Udacity and would definitely take another course with them in the future. No regrets.Read Less",udacity
"My learning experience during Data Analyst Nano Degree program was awesome. It covered all topics right from its basics and then took through good hands-on experience during the sessions. Also, every important section was followed by project assignment... Read More which helped me to get hold and understanding of the topics. I recommend ""Data Analyst"" program to the candidates looking forward to learn Data Analysis. Thanks !Read Less",udacity
"I am about to find out the answer to this question! I have CS degree and years of experience as a software engineer, but no solid on the job experience with machine learning, and I am about to enroll in Udacity nanodegree.I think the answer to this question... Read More is Yes, IF you do not have the hands on, on-the-job experience with machine learning, analytics, or big data. It can be a partial substitute for this experience, at least according to a couple of recruiters I have talked to.However, if you have experience working with analytics or big data tech on the job, then I say it would be better to invest your time in these tasks on the job. Hiring managers are much more likely to pay attention to something you can point to on the job, especially when it’s backed up by results and references.I think that the Udacity nanodegree has a good reputation, given that Facebook, Google and others have had involvement with the curriculum. The same might be said about Springboard, but I have heard others comment on them. Coursera, not so much, because the curriculum is not very rigorous.As others have said, it’s always possible that your online coursework may tip you in favor of being a better candidate if you are compared to another similarly qualified candidate.Read Less",udacity
"I am currently working as an iOS developer and enterprise mobility professional under the title of Chief of Mobile Applications. I developed several in-house iOS apps but generally the target end user were limited to enterprise users. My Udacity story... Read More begins when searching for a real authentic iOS developer education. I mean, it was hard to find an online education that taught you to build an app from top to bottom in an interactive manner. So I was very excited when I heart that Udacity’s iOS degree includes code review as it was the most important part of code education and it was affordable for me. So I decided to give a ride.During the education, my main goal is to keep up with the project milestones. Actually, I was really get the feeling of working for a software development company during learn-code-review process. At the final, I was able to finish and ship an app to the App-store that was totally reviewed and corrected by reviewer who is a senior iOS developer. Beside the technical site, I learnt how to write a resume and how to deal with my first code job interview. Moreover, I received several job offers from Udacity. The only down side of the education is the cost. However, if you finish your education before the dead line, you pay less.Read Less",udacity
"Without the slightest compliment, Udacity has revolutionized learning methods and is still progressing.Udacity made the difference and it is still progressing.Thanks Udacity and Bertelsmann for the greatest chance I ever had in this field.The program... Read More is so powerful more than my expectation.Read Less",udacity
"it's a very good experience to study in Udacity. Mentors are quite nice and helpful. In addition, I love the arrangement of the material, I would definitely recommend my experience to everyone who is interested in Udacity. Hope in the future, these courses... Read More can build me as a well-equipped engineerRead Less",udacity
"It was a great learning experience, the material is very good! I have enjoyed my visit to the office. I wish for a local Alumni in São Paulo to keep sharing experiences and expand my network. The support from the audacity team to finish my last job was... Read More awesome.Read Less",udacity
I have attended Android developer nanodegree from Udacity which has completely changed my perspective towards learning. The community and the course made me understand that there is a world in technology apart from the college curriculum. It is where... Read More my journey towards learning new technologies has started along with networking with people all over the world. Thank you Udacity!Read Less,udacity
"Udacity Deep Learning course is practical. By the end of this course we had to go through more than a dozen exercises and built a small library of modules in NN/CNN/RNN, etc. Also some very interesting works were introduced in Style Transfer. Students... Read More can follow along and experienced the technology hands-on! The experiences at Udacity in AI / Deep Learning is not just theoretical studies. We can actually utilize these cutting-edge, relatively abstract concepts to create something. The curriculum also offers quite a few references in each lesson which connect with the latest development in industry. As long as we invest enough time and energy in curriculum the best reward is the skill we acquired and a great learning experience.Read Less",udacity
"The content is very useful and The projects helped me alot to understand the concepts, i got jobs offer by this nanodegree, i need to take data sience nanodegree to shift my career and become a data scientist, the mentor was very helpful and coached me... Read More alot, thanks Udacity for this amazing learning journey.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity's big promise is to offer people eager to learn an opportunity.In short, and to make this brief – I am a paid customer to this moment, a brief incident happened with the payment while stopping the subscription for a certain course and subscribing... Read More for a new course.While I was eager to start my new course, due to this incident, I lost access to the very last 1 week worth of learning of my previous course.I asked the folks at Udacity if they can re-open up the older course for one or two weeks till I have the chance to finish that last part – They have asked me to renew the older course for 4 months (another 400+ Euros). I have paid over 900 Euros in total so far. All I got is that standard corporate, non-empathetic response of ""Sorry, we can not help you, you must pay us more.""The question is, are you certain you can't really help a student here?You, Udacity, obviously can help here, what harm will it bring to Udacity from re-opening a course for a student who is actually ""still"" paying you for just a couple weeks? I think your policy in place surely forgot that Udacity is about helping people learn. Be flexible with your students, and most importantly be flexible and helpful to your paid loyal customers.You can surely help simply because re-opening will do you 0% harm in terms of costs you accrue. This is not a direct pricing relationship between computing power cost &amp; usage. This is a relationship between content that's already prepared, and consumed by hundreds or thousands of students on a daily basis, therefore, it will never be of a harm to you.You have a customer for the very short term, after I am done with this course, I will make sure that I'll neither ever return to your platform, nor ever recommend your platform as being student-centred to folks I know.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity provide a wide net of technology to increase the amount of exposure for me. I deeply enjoy programming in Pandas and use it almost everyday for my independent projects. I also utilize SQL at my part time job thanks to one of the projects I worked... Read More on. Unfortunately, I did not get accepted to positions which relates to data analysts/science and have struggled to do so for the last year. Overall, I believe Udacity is a supplemental program that should be use to gain confidence in the field and not a program that can provide you with a career or even a job.Read Less",udacity
"I joined the Cloud DevOps Engineer degree course coming from a very positive experience with Udacity course.I soon learned that this is very new, raw and untested course. I either was told basic headlines of what AWS tools are available and then given... Read More baby steps to repeat or quite the opposite - very chaotic videos on Cloud Formation, CD/CD pipelines. Instructors in the videos poorly shared their knowledge, bits and pieces were omitted quite often so the project work just could not be submitted unless you did the course with previous AWS experience and didn't not need to lear and follow videos. They are a mess. Too many inconsistencies and I was asked by the Support team to submit the Feedback to each video that I find wrong! Instead of being given a refund or extension or any remedy or other solution to this problem. I paid 960euros for the course getting 4 months access to it and could not complete it in time due and just lost the interest. Their mess, they have to clean it up. But they keep asking us to submit feedback and corrections - on our time and monetary expense. Very bad support, very back course!Read Less",udacity
"I would like to encourage you all, to try to learn something new, or maybe reinforce it, and then go for something else, further, bigger. At the Data Track challenge Course at Udacity, I had the experience to met a lot of people with similar interests,... Read More and several differences, with combined is great, because that teach us to be teachable at all levels.Read Less",udacity
There is no cons to take Udacity Course. The content quality of udacity courses is super awesome. The way instructors elaborate all the concept and representing their presentation is really very helpful. If you're plan to take udacity course then you're... Read More good to go and you'll feel proud that you made a right decision to took udacity courses. Happy Learning!Read Less,udacity
"This was a very good foundation to get me to start adding onto my portfolio. I really liked the sense of community, and the frequent job search readiness lectures they had. I wish they had like a weekly performance check in , that way it deters from students... Read More doing everything at the last minute.Read Less",udacity
"I tried some of other platforms but Udacity is just the best because all the course videos was conducted by the expert that is very popular. In fact, I have seen some of the lecturers from Conferences. What really amazes me is the mentorship programme... Read More that you will be assigned 1 mentor to help you during the course and you can also learn more stuff and more personalized experience according to your needs. Recommended courseRead Less",udacity
"I really find it great ... The course clears some viewpoints to me about how to deal with my students with a good script and various recourse .I know more about open and close mind and how to deal with each kind , It matched my needs and expectations.... Read MoreThanks Udacity for joining me in it.Read Less",udacity
"This course was an awesome introduction to git, many of the available AWS Cloud Services, and hands-on Infrastructure as Code using Cloud Formation.In the Cloud Formation part of the course we walked through building an entire app platform for high availability... Read More including:- Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)- Public and Private Subnets across dual Availability Zones- Autoscaling Group, EC2, Load Balancer- Aurora MySql Database using RDS- S3 BucketsMoreover Udacity has an amazing Support and Knowledge Slack Channel for the course which is great if you get stuck and to help others firming up newfound knowledge. I strongly suggest using this course. So awesome!Read Less",udacity
"From Statistics to Python and finally to SQL... A great experience!I thought that I was going to have difficulties with the statistics. But fortunately not only didn't have problems but also fill in some gaps that I had.Python was awesome, of course!... Read MoreAnd in the end, it was SQL. The first and last lesson was easy to follow. The lessons in between need more attention and practise, at least from me.Thanks for the opportunity that you gave me through the scholarship!Read Less",udacity
"Attending this program was really fun. The topics of Android Development was new to me.Pros: - Everything was explained in such a way that anyone could understand it. - The proportion of theory, quizzes and projects is very good. - The community was very... Read More active.- Fast paced learning for me: I was able to build a simple app in 3 months starting from no programming knowledge.- I received a scholarship for learning the topic, which was awesome and rewarding.Cons:- Slack was one of the platforms used for interacting with other learners or teachers, besides the forum. I am really not a fan of Slack, I find it very annoying and messy. - Other con is that the mentor wasn‘t there for chatting in real-time, partly because of the time difference. Most of the time I found the solutions before the mentor responded.It is astonishing how much you can learn in a short period of time if you have such a great tool like Udacity.Thank you for this great opportunity!Read Less",udacity
"I have recently finished the Android Developer Nanodegree by Udacity (in August 2019) and I can honestly say that it was the best online course I have finished so far (and there has been quite a few). This one offers a great quality learning materials... Read More - mostly video but also links to related content. The whole course is divided into 15 parts: 1 welcome lesson that is about the course in general, 6 episodes of a mini series created by Udacity, 6 lessons that cover the best practises of Android programming, 1 lesson focused on the capstopne project and 1 lesson - career support. Few words about the programming lessons: each lesson consists of videos, after few of them there's a qiuz to check your understanding of the subject - I found it very useful because sometimes even if you think that you understand a topic the quiz may prove you wrong, it's a good way to try yourself. Once you finish a lesson there's a project to create - the best part is that the code you've written is checked by real programmer. Then you can read the programmer's comments on your code and see what parts should be improved - I liked that the most.At the end of the course you can work on your resume and have the access to grear career support materials - even in this part you can use mentors' guidance to benefit the most at the end of the course and get the dream job.Read Less",udacity
"I really enjoyed doing the python nanodegree program. I got a good over view of python. Now I can confidently tell people that I know python. I really loved the hands on assignments. But I would have appreciate it more if they would had more classes,projects... Read More and assignments on importing different in built functions or packages and utilizing them to automate some day to day work.Read Less",udacity
"I had a problem when enrolling to the course, the customer service agent cancelled my enrolment by mistake. And after 48 hrs. I have not received any support. The only thing I had been told is that I would probably receive my money within 7 to 14 days!... Read More In the meantime I cannot access the course neither my money.Read Less",udacity
Hi today I will talk about my experience with udacity they really care about education and they have some interest to the learner and give him opportunities to learn it is really more trustworthy I really recommend that udacity is the bestforlearning,udacity
"Learning at Udacity was one of the greatest e-learning experiences I've ever had.I've attended the Android Nanodegree in Udacity to improve and strengthen my knowledge in Android Development and it was really worth it, I've learned a lot of new things... Read More and It helped me understand hard topics easily.The instructors where highly qualified and very experts in Android Development and the content was very useful and well organized.The Nanodegree helped me to improve my professional skills and getting great opportunities.I advise everyone who's searching for a career path course to consider Udacity Nanodegrees.Read Less",udacity
"I found the flexibility around current work to be very useful- I often found myself thinking about the next challenge while at work and when I got home I could apply the thoughts to my project.The video based instruction is also very nice for visual learners... Read More or audio learners as there is plenty of content for both.The flexible deadlines are very useful when you lead a busy lifestyle.The only main con I can really think of right now is that it is a highly self motivated style learning environment, you wont really have anyone holding your hand so if you do it, make sure you are passionate and are willing to put in the time.JackRead Less",udacity
"I am currently enrolled in the Intro to machine learning course. Currently we are learning how to use decision trees to predict states within the supervised learning module. PROS: Overall I am satisfied with the course, I feel that the price of the course... Read More was on par with the level of education I am currently receiving. The classes are not boring, the instructors definitely know how to liven up what can sometimes be boring material. CONS: It's online so it is hard to stay focused sometimes The main reason I went with Udacity is because when I was reading the course syllabus I liked that the goal of the course was to teach the curriculum as well as create a job-ready portfolio of projects . I thought this was very valuable to take to an interview. You can find the course syllabus for a course you are interested in here: https://bit.ly/2KtWQCNRead Less",udacity
"I had no prior knowledge or experience in IT and I do strongly believe, that joining Udacity Schollarship and earning Nanodegree Program after that, was one of the best way to start and truly life-changing experience that gave me power and made me belive... Read More that I can change my career path for something that I enjoy so much, even at the point when you have finished your studies a while ago and had years of experience in other positions. Why this program was special? Technology waters are wide, deep and can be overhelming, especially at the beginning of your journey. But sailing through them with other people, with all possible backgrounds was just great. The power of social support provided by participantcs was like opening big jar of positive energy each time I logged in Slack chanel or headed to decicated forum. It heleped me belive in myself also - even I was a beginner, I found out that there is always someone 2-3 chapters behind me, and I can help them. Also - for the same reasons , once you stuck somewhere - there was also someone ahead who could give you helping hand. Material was well prepared and had various types of tasks to help you see your progress. The best part about them was that they used a lot of knowledge introdued in sections/chapters but also require a lot of figuring things out of your own - to help you mimic the natural workflow. I would recommend Udacity courses and programs to anyone that wants to try IT out, even just for fun, in a place where you are never left alone, but still encouraging your own progress :)Read Less",udacity
It was an amazing course and really i was not sure where to start from but udacity's well structured course made it easy and by the end of the session i had good grasp on existing platform for AI and ML. I highly recommend this course if anyone want to... Read More start AI journey.Read Less,udacity
"The pros are:- the possibility of studying everywhere, even in remote places as long as there's an internet connection;- no need to commute;- the lenght of every lesson is very well thought, meaning that every lesson gives actual content but is not too... Read More long so that you can easly divide you learning time and study even if you have a busy schedule in you job and family time- one on one interaction with a mentor results in an experience that highly resembles the one you'd have in a ""regular"" school- Very good feedback on the projects with advices on how to approach the subject in the future- Interactions among students made easy using cool tools such as slackAs for the cons: I actually didn't find any. Maybe I could say that some of the ""skits"" played by the teachers (with the clear intent of having the students easly remember something considerd particularly important) were not that good, but that's a matter of personal taste and doesn't affect the learning experience at all.Read Less",udacity
"Nice curriculum to start learning AI programming from scratch. It consists of basics of linear algebra and calculus, python and deep learning. I had nice and fast support when I submitted my projects. But Udacity platform is kind of tricky in forum area.... Read More It had slack workspace, but now it gone.Read Less",udacity
"it was so good i hope it keeps on as it is like now and more, and yes it has matched my expectations as well the sequence of information was so good and practical. and the videos were more fun as i felt like i was learning real-life active learning. thank... Read More youRead Less",udacity
"Udacity's Front End Developer Nanodegree (FEND) provides a very well-structured curriculum, with quizzes, videos and text-based instruction that is consolidated by a project at the end of each major lesson. The skills they cover are very job relevant... Read More (Flexbox, Grid, Promises, Asynchronous JS) and the JavaScript section in particular is detailed and excellent (with really good material on ES6 and newer features like Generators). Sometimes they try to cover to much material; an earlier version of FEND had some fairly superficial introduction to different frameworks like Backbone and Angular that were more puzzling than helpful. But I believe the program has been significantly revamped since then. From my experience, one has to be pretty self-motivated to finish; I did not get a strong sense of community or used their support much. Instead, I consulted Stack Overflow and Google. That's not necessarily a bad thing, of course. Another great aspect are the projects they require for graduation; they are really well thought out usually and will help you build a portfolio without having to agonize over what exactly it is you want to build. I can definitely recommend Udacity. Their pricing is more reasonable than that most of Bootcamps out there and they are constantly updating and improving their content (plus they have a vast amount of free stuff you can use to supplement....if you have time lol).Read Less",udacity
"I went into this course expecting to learn Python.Having finished the course, I find I have learned a lot more:•	Python (in-depth), •	Ndarrays, etc. using NumPy,•	DataFrames, etc. using Pandas, •	Working with many other NoSQL structures•	A more powerful... Read More SQL language: PostgreSQL•	Unix Shell commands•	and Git.Perhaps even more importantly (and unexpectedly), I learned a bunch of really useful techniques to use in the coding world such as:•	How to routinely work with other contributors using Git and GitHub, •	Using a Shell terminal with Git Bash and Anaconda packages,•	Using code editors: Atom and Visual Studio Code, •	Using program output to feed Excel charts •	Using Excel charts to make compelling Powerpoint slides,•	Adding links to Google and Markdown Docs, •	How to preview results in real time when writing Markdown docs, •	Creating good README.md files and many other best practicesThe projects were well done and very effective in helping me apply the lessons learned in the course. I especially appreciated the Python project using just under a million real-life records of bikeshare usage data. After looking back and thinking about what I learned, to say that I highly recommend this course would be an understatement!Dave ARead Less",udacity
"I've taken online courses before but I always felt there was a gap between how the content was delivered and the applicability of it. Udacity made an amazing job solving this, their videos are well structured and practically explained, plus their platform... Read More lets you practice what you are learning and offers you immediate feedback; for more complex content there's always a forum where you can find help from peers and instructors. I really liked taking the Introduction to programming nano degree and will take another course with Udacity soon!Read Less",udacity
"I learned everything I need to be a web developer, I feel more self-confident and excited about my new career.I am very happy for passing this project and at end I feel I learned something valuable from Udacity.Thank you very much Udacity. And I will... Read More keep learning :)Read Less",udacity
"this (self driving car program) build skills from scratch build it from scratch and make it stick to your mind by making you learn it from using it to do projects. The quality of the content that a learning program provides is the most important aspect... Read More of building an online education-based platform should focus on. Naturally, for the people asking “is Udacity worth it?”, this Udacity review also takes content quality very seriously. The general consensus between most of the online Udacity reviews seems to be rather positive. Naturally, with the platform offering such a wide selection of things to learn and courses to learn from, it’s ultimately a case-by-case scenario. That being said, however, it is evident that whatever quality assurance program Udacity has installed, it seems to be working, for the most part.Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity platform is amazing, I liked a lot to watch the course materials and the quizzes. The content needs to be updated to teach modern approaches , for example the use of Google OAUTH2 is on a new version and the lesson were on a outdated version.... Read More There were other examples of outdated lessons, because the lessons were made on 2015. But for me, I enjoyed to learn to code with the Udacity support, the mentors feedback was a plus, a lot of good insights there, really good! Overall I recommend the Udacity Nanodegree program, they have a strong path to prepare anyone to the market.Read Less",udacity
"The course content is amazing..... Great support and assistance, slack workspaces are a great way to interact with oeers and mentor. Overall I found learning at udacity a brilliant experience. Also I look forward for propel events which I have heard about... Read More a lot.Read Less",udacity
"My experience of studying with the DMND Digital Marketing course was sensational. From course structure to applied content. The teaching methodology gives me a more effective learning and it is possible to apply it in my work reality, connecting theory... Read More and practice. With my learning process, in addition to improving my skills, it is also possible to increase my career and deliver projects of greater value and effectiveness to my clients. I recommen ♥Read Less",udacity
"The content is really great and people creating it are expert from the industry along with Udacity employees. This is a great curriculum to learn new technologies or get introduced to a new field. However, the job support is poor as they do not help you... Read More much to find a job or prepare for interviews. I believe they are working hard on it and they recently introduced career coach and such. This is great for future students. I highly recommend it!Read Less",udacity
"I was so excited to join AWS Deepracer programme. I continued to learn new new things thanks to Amazon and Udacity. I couldn't attend the programme with Deepracer car because I was out of USA. I live in a foreign country. In the beginning, the course... Read More was very detailed. And I learned new things about Machine learning and Reinforcement Learning. But in the mean time, it started to decrease more about details both AWS and reinforcement learning. But thanks to links you provide, it helped more. For me to have continued to Deepracer course, it began to decrease the details in the course. It led me to move to Amazon Forums about Deepracer. And before I move into DeepRacer league, details are more and more less by past. So, I couldn't have time to continue on Deepracer course. But nevertheless, I'm still excited to join this programme. And I plan to attend Deepracer again if its possible.Read Less",udacity
"I'm graduated from Mobile Web Specialist Nanodegree from Udacity, which was offered as a part of Google Scholarship in 2017-2018. After graduation, I was able to successfully pass Google Mobile Web Specialist Certification Exam. Almost all the courses... Read More offered by Udacity are one of the best. The curriculum and video content is thoroughly produced, and the teachers are ones of the most bright specialists in the industry. That is particularly true for the courses focused on web technologies. For example, you can learn from Ilya Grigorik, the well recognized expert from Google, and many others. In the same time their job support isn't so impressive as learning content. They offer a remote job within Udacity as a mentor for their nanodegrees, that's it.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: This nano degree program is a great introduction program. It covers Excel, SQL, &amp; Tableau and the basic data analysis concepts. The instructor support and the community support is great and the discussion thread is always filled with great questions... Read More and answers.Cons: the data analysis tasks (and the dataset) given throughout the course is relatively easy and may not represent the real world tasks that comes with tons of complex data. And I feel like in order to get a data analytic job, more advanced techniques and practices are required. Students may need to take another more advance course.Read Less",udacity
"This is a good place to start, has excellent mentor ship. The course depth is quite good and has all those you need to kick start a new career path. Their weekly connect with mentor is a plus and big shout out to the community who were always there to... Read More support and learn together !!Read Less",udacity
I am in love with the course! The information provided for generating your projects is quite sufficient. The course tutorials are very engaging and really help you understand each point that will be required later in the course projects. The difficulty... Read More level is quite high but not so that it becomes highly stressful.Read Less,udacity
"They charged me $899 for the C++ nanodegree, with a refund deadline of 7 days. I purchased this Oct 18, 2019. But I request my refund and cancellation to both Sherry and Pritha before the 7 day deadline. This entire company is a scam, and all they want... Read More is your money. They ignore your refund requests and instead, they reply with “we will cancel future payments”. I purchased this on Oct 18. I requested the refund Oct 22 (WAY BEFORE THE 7 DAY DEADLINE), upon which PRITHA ignored my request and told me to cancel instead. I cancelled on Oct 25 AND I ALSO requested my refund of $899 FOR THE SECOND TIME, because I didn’t just want the request for cancellation which would disable future payments; RATHER I WANTED MY $899 REFUND OF THE FULL AMOUNT. Then, Sherry replied Oct 28, that I would not be charged further because the cancellation was approved BUT SHE STILL IGNORED MY REFUND REQUEST. I have ASKED FOR A REFUND OF $899 SINCE OCT 22 WHICH WAS BEFORE THE 7 DAY DEADLINE!!!!! I have electronic evidence of this, and now they’re continuing to ignore me after my 3rd request. I’ve left multiple voicemails yesterday, but their phone line goes straight to a voicemail and they never call back. their customer service purposefully will ignore you and delay the refund request until it’s past the deadline. I didn’t ask for just a cancellation like Sherry or Pritha suggested. Your support advisers are never listened to me, and they treat their customers with disrespect. I asked for a refund of the $899 amount, because it was purchased this on accident. I have not used the services AT ALL or account OR ANYTHING, and I requested the refund well before 7 days but have been constantly avoided or misunderstood by your service reps.Read Less",udacity
"Like all educational opportunities, you’ll get out what you put in. The ND program is still very new. A certification certainly won’t guarantee you employment on its own merit, but I can safely say that active participation will give you industry-relevant... Read More skills You’ll get more exposure to employers, tips and mentorship on how to conduct interviews and prepare your resume, and you’ll have a full, robust portfolio of projects to demonstrate your capabilities…Bottom line: I’d suggest you approach this more from the lens of “will I get relevant, employable skills?” versus “will employers see this credential, and automatically assume I have a desirable, competent skill set?” Pros As with other Udacity courses, the content itself is excellent. Clearly the makers of the individual courses have thought backwards from “What do we want our students to know?” all the way through to how best to teach the students the content. The lectures are engaging. The exercises are at an appropriate level of difficulty and are well-motivated. Each of the five projects you’ll complete as part of the Nanodegree is interesting, instructive, and would make a good addition to a GitHub portfolio. What really sets Udacity’s program apart from others (like Coursera’s), however, is the support they give you outside of just teaching data science skills. They set up “office hours” where you can ask questions about the Nanodegree, provide resources on how to conduct informational interviews, and identify data science sites that those looking to break into the industry should read frequently. Cons The Nanodegree program, along with all nontraditional certification programs (such as the Coursera Data Science Specialization, which I have also complete all the classes for), is unproven. Employers may simply not know enough about the program to trust it yet over, say, the University of Washington program that another poster mentioned. So, as much as I like the program, I don’t think there’s evidence yet to support a claim that completing the degree is guaranteed to get you a job as a data analyst at a tech firm.Read Less",udacity
This program is the greatest and best program for me who is pursuing a career as a data scientist. I would like to recommend to many of my friends to attend the program. I am so thankful for the lecturing methods and how the quizzes helped me to practice... Read More more and gain more skills from the program.Read Less,udacity
"I absolutely enjoy the nanodegree, and hope to get scholarships for bigger goals in the near future. My instructors have done a perfect job on the concepts. However, my project reviewer made some vague remarks that I've had difficulty understanding. I... Read More hope that will be looked into.Read Less",udacity
"The Nanodegree is a high-quality class I've wished for. The most significant difference to other courses is that Udacity Nanodegrees will motivate you really strong! It's such a fantastic community with great inspiring mentors. I personally will use Udacity... Read More as long as it exists, maybe one time, I will complete every possible Nanodegree! Udacity is an investment in yourself, do it! If you can also study perfectly with only a book and have fun, go for it, but I think this is a super rare skill. If you want to have fun and get curious about the topic, go with Udacity!Read Less",udacity
Pros:1. To equip me with Android Develop skill2. to impact the next future generations with technological know-how.3. it will build me up to be self employed or been a freelancer.4. It will again train be to solve some of the world problems using through... Read More technologyRead Less,udacity
"I would like to thank MiSK and Udacity for giving me the chance and believing in me. I would recommend everyone to apply at Front End Web Development course. It gave me the tools to improve my hands on skills in web development using HTML, CSS, and Java... Read More Script. It changed my technical career.Read Less",udacity
"The Course exposed me to a global community which created connections that lasted even after the course and lead to personal and professional discoveries even outside of the curriculum. I was lucky enough to connect with people all across the globe and... Read More meet learners from all different walks of life senior working professionals, professionals looking to get into software, complete new bees like myself.Read Less",udacity
"The course is well structured, helped me to build a strong foundation of the basics and implement best practices in industries. It covers migrations, sql alchemy, flask, api testing and a guide to project documentation. They also help in reviewing your... Read More Linkedin profile.Read Less",udacity
I just felt bit lacking details on statistics and deep learning section for an amateur to understand and customer segmentation project too had some lacking of advance content that was related to project. Rest all is great and would like to take another... Read More related nanodegree.Read Less,udacity
I did Udacity Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree and I found that course content was very well designed which includes project that helps you to directly jump into the core of the ML implementation. The projects are designed to help understand both... Read More theoretical aspects and practical implementation of Machine Learning. I enjoyed the every module of the Nano-degree and specially working on projects at the end of each module. Cons - No cons and I would recommend this ND if you want to get a very good start in the field of ML.Read Less,udacity
"I was part of the Self-Driving Cars Nanodegree first batch. Extremely deep course set, very interesting technical challenges with participants from actual companies leading the industries. The level was very good, I could storm through the electives for... Read More which I was already literate, while having to spend a great deal of time on the new topics I was totally new to. Challenging over a full year, but one of the most interesting skill set I learnt in the past 10 years.Read Less",udacity
"Very practice-oriented and always up-to-date content and topics.Pros: - Very good community. - Very good format to work independently on the content.- Optional tracks are available to deepen your knowledge and to improve what is missing.- The content... Read More is communicated in an understandable way.- Many small tests to evaluate if you have understood it.- Very good mentors who help you at any time.- Re-submissions are reviewed by another person, so you get a better and more valuable overall feedback. Cons:- Nanodegrees are set too short in time to work everything out.- Sometimes too much content in too short a time to deepen it meaningfully (for working students)Neutral:- Depending on yourself, it can sometimes be a bit difficult to understand the required line or result right away.On the whole, I can recommend it to anyone. I do courses over and over again because I think it has the best format and delivers the best quality. What rounds it off and sets it apart from the others is the included job support. I have one criticism that doesn't concern Udacity, but the Online Classes in general. It's not well known and recognized everywhere in the industry (world wide). Especially in Austria I noticed again and again that it hadn't been advantageous, neither in the job search nor in the current job. Nevertheless, everyone should use this opportunity and expand their knowledge.I represent the opinion, what I have learned nobody can take away from me and if it does not help me today or tomorrow, it can help me on another day in another way.Read Less",udacity
Pros are you get to learn from the best in the Industry. The course material is really Detailed and Challenging. I'm enjoying my learning experience here. Right from the project guidance to submitting the projects you'll get the best learning experience... Read More ever. I highly recommend this.Read Less,udacity
"Pros:-1. This is a beautifully crafted course to give you enough insights about all the sub branches of Machine Learning - Supervised Machine Learning, Unsupervised Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning. 2. The Mentors throughout the... Read More journey of the course are very helpful and kind and the support system for solving doubts is amazing. Also, adding the peers of the class into same groups help us take help from friends and classmates. Also, the doubt channels are managed project wise which helps in easily dealing with things. 3. The projects help us to creatively brainstorm upon solutions and the problem statement challenges our brain for a steep learning curve.4. The experience of final capstone project is unforgettable. It gives you enough opportunities to grow as a Machine Learning Engineer. Right from making the choice to choose a problem statement you are passionate about and deciding the problem domain you are interested in to crafting the strategy to solve the problem statement and then facing the real time challenges while implementing it, help us to implement all our learnings. 5. The review by mentors in every project is very crucial. The review report help us enhance our understanding of the project. Cons:1. Once the nanodegree is over, we would love to be the part of some competitions that should be organised by Udacity. So that the learning still goes on. This should be fun project.Read Less",udacity
"The program helped me transition to a new career and was very practical in nature, which kept me engaged and motivated to keep learning. However, the quality of the online learning has been very poor. From outdated concepts to frequent mistakes in the... Read More presentation of the courses, frustration was a core part of the experience. A lot of interesting things were promised (like a hackathon!) only to be revealed as either not what they were marketed as or just doing the course with live mentors. The mentor and verification process itself was a mess, with a lot of important questions left unanswered and a lot of projects not being verified in a timely manner. The content of the course was interesting, if outdated, but the quality of the experience as a whole sucked.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is just not learning tool. It is complete academy with all valuable instructors. Exercises that has given throughout semester helped me understand context. Also after course completion,their follow up events and helping us to explore career opportunities... Read More is amazingRead Less",udacity
All courses are project based and they teach you from A to Z. It's not like taking some course online where someone is just teaching you the coding language documentation. Audacity course teaches with real-life examples and project based teaching which... Read More actually help you learn faster and remember it better.Read Less,udacity
"Hi all, I attended Android Basics Nanodegree by Google and I would like to shortly describe pros and cones of it, I hope it helps you to decide on whether you want to attend it. So let's start from plus sides: I learned how to make several apps on Android... Read More from the scratch and the program constructed in a way that you have to make a big part of an app by yourself and your own design which makes it more interesting to learn. Another plus side is that actually videos are short which compared to long 2 hours boring videos does not make you fall asleep. All the way through course you have support of your mentor, peers and people who review apps and yes you will have to submit several during the course. Switching to the downsides, as for a working professional it was sometimes a bit hard to keep up with the course, because it has a timeline. At the same time it was also an upside as it makes you to learn all the time and not being lazy as you have to meet deadlines. Also, because it is a beginner course you might be not fully ready to be a working professional, additional learning is required. But from online courses that I tried so far it was the most interesting and useful.Read Less",udacity
"Well, Now being a professional in a tech company I still remember the best thing that happened to me during my college days was 'UDACITY'. Being a tech enthusiast Udacity really helped me add newer skills to my skill set and take them to a all new level.... Read More I graduated myself from the courses named ""FRONT-END Web Developer"" and ""FULL STACK Web Developer"" which really helped me understand so many computer languages such as HTML, CSS, JavaScript ,Python and Flask applications in much easier and fun manner as udacity have structured these courses so beautifully keeping in interests of its students in mind. Pros of these courses-: 1. The Video tutorials and the Exercises linked to it really helped me get the deep understanding about the core concept. 2. One of the best things about these courses were their Projects which helped me test my understanding of the concept and take them to a whole new level through implementation. 3. The way these courses are being updated from time to time is one of the best thing about these courses. 4. Deep analysis of the project by the project reviewer really helped me to ponder upon my mistakes and correct them. 5. Mentorship provided my mentor really helped me sail through the course in order to accomplish my target. Cons about these courses-: 1. I feel like there are not many Cons to talk about but still i would like to see the response time of mentor little more faster than the usual. At the End I would like to conclude by saying that Udacity is one of the best thing that has happened to me in my life and will continue to cherish this Experience in the years to come.........Read Less",udacity
It all started when I won a scholarship for Android app development (Udacity/google). It was a lot of fun and I learned a lot. The scholarship drew my attention to Udacity and i began more courses (Python - Machine Learning - Deep Learning).My experiences... Read More with the deep learning course:Pros:- You get a good overview of the networks- All it takes is a basic knowledge of Python programming- The structure of the course is very good- The explanations are clear and you learn step by step the different neural networks- The practical exercises are varied and convey a deeper understanding- The course also explains the math if there is interest (math &lt;3)Cons:- There may be additional costs (AWS)- The end of the course contains many different topics - maybe too much- The last practice exercise contained errors - maybe already fixedConclusion:I can recommend this course to anyone who is interested in AI!GreetzLarsRead Less,udacity
"Hello, I'm currently working on the position of a Reporting &amp; Analytics Specialist for quite some time (2+ years) but I wanted to improve my knowledge in the overall area not just in my specific field. This program fulfilled all my expectations and helped... Read More me to learn new things! I really liked the way it's prepared - so even those who doesn't have that much related experience in this field would be able to finish this program and learn a lot of interesting things and facts. It was very helpful also for me even though I'm working with some of these things for some time. One of the best advantages of this program is its flexibility! I've completed first project right after opening the course but than I haven't that much time to work on the rest and I came back after one month and I was still able to complete the whole program without a need to extend it. Feedback provided to each project is a great idea and added value since it's more personalized to participants. In overall when I summarize it, I liked and enjoyed this course! Last but not least, I believe it helped me in my future career - I've graduated in July 2019 and currently I've accepted the new position at which I will start on 1st of November. Thank you Udacity! I wish you many more successful programs and a lot of graduates!Read Less",udacity
"About the pros: I can learn a lot of modern and classic technologies such as Mobile, Web, AI ... I can join a group with other students to discuss my issues and problems, I can have the support from mentors, they helped me a lot when I was working on... Read More the project. I appreciate them so much.About the cons: it's about the cost for each nanodegree but it's worth. Sometimes I was waited for few days to have a review for my project, I expect it's about 24hours maximum.Read Less",udacity
"Recently, I have completed the Udacity data Engineering Nanodegree. I got into the term based program, that is the nanodegree has a fixed starting and end date. It also provides you some guideline to submit the assignment to guide an student to be on... Read More track. However, that is mandatory as long as the student can finish all the assignment and get the project accepted within the time limit. Following are the few things I think could be improved: 1. Some of the contents were blocked and had entry restricted for the first couple of weeks. Apparently, udacity was upgrading the course materials or part of the course materials were not completed. Also in the spark lesson some of the lesson content was added in the middle of the nanodegree. That was a bit annoying and frustrating that udacity launched a product before it was fully prepared. 2. The program mentioned intermediate Python Programming and intermediate SQL knowledge. I thought some of the basic parts of the course like how to connect a database could have been shown a bit more details. I struggled with this part. 3. The Apache Airflow lesson- I found it a bit more advanced compared to the things covered in the course. I think few more exercises could have helped. 4. The cost at this point is little to high- udacity should reconsider the price issue. Now the good things: 1. I had a very good mentor and the mentor also was from same time zone. I really got a lot of assistance from him. This was the single most important factor for which I could complete the degree. 2. The projects were good, the project reviews were also good. I struggled as I did not have the proper background knowledge specially some back end development would have helped a lot. But, I also learnt a lot. 3. The course covers a lot- definitely one of the best in the market. Also, most of vital skills required for the job are covered. The projects help to build a nice strong portfolio. 4. The career support was good and the curriculum in my opinion is very good.Read Less",udacity
"It was really easy to get started with Udacity’s Digital Marketing Nanodegree. At the time I was undergoing a career change within the agency I was working in and so I had to upskill in a pretty short period of time. The course curriculum was set out... Read More in a really easy manner to understand and cover within the timeframe. With a little planning and some extra time at the end of each day, I was able to cover the course work adequately. On the handful of times I needed to get in touch with someone with a course related query, this was answered pretty quickly and I was able to continue my studies. I would recommend completing a Nanodegree with Udacity, and I would certainly complete another one in future.Read Less",udacity
"I was fortunate enough to complete two Nanondegrees from Udacity - the Android Basics and the - more advanced - Android Nanodegree. By ""fortunate enough"" , I mean that I was able to win a scholarship for the first 3 months and then make it to the second... Read More stage where the remaining , successful students who could continue with a scholarship for the rest of the program. That said, I would definitely say that both programs are well organised for the most part. Some parts of the courses could have been better for sure, but the overall feeling, engagement and feedback provided is very good. During my studies, I managed to change my mindset and be able to think as a developer, get in touch with different aspects of being one and complete a lot of different projects. I would like to elaborate on that a little more: For those who attend a lot of online courses, everyone is familiar with the problem of just getting to learn some basic principles but not being comfortable applying them in real life situations (projects etc). Well, that wasn't the case with Udacity. Through the projects that we got to complete by the end of the programs, I was able to showcase some work to future employees. At some point I created an app as a way to combine some things I had learned during my studies and it's safe to say that this app, together with the rest of the varied projects, helped me find a job as an Android Developer. I would like to emphasise on the fact that , being in my early 40's, the way the course was delivered really helped me achieve my goals. Starting easy and then gradually providing less help, helped me gain confidence by building upon what I was learning. At the same time, the Udacity community (in the form of the Discussion Forums and the mentors) was an invaluable place where I could seek help, whenever I had difficulties (both development/ code wise but also - and maybe even more importantly - when losing hope and I thought that I wouldn't make it). Apart from the course, Udacity also provides help for those needing help with their soft skills, interviews, cv's etc . It's called Career Portal (as far as I remember) and there you can also get help to get your cv reviewed, build your Linkedin profile etc. I don't know if I would had enrolled in those Nanodegrees if it weren't for the scholarship: I was not working at the time and the money required to complete them can be overwhelming. On the other hand, most of the cuorse videos are available for free. So, while it's not ideal ( you don't have the Discussion Forums or review of your projects from mentors), the resources are there.Read Less",udacity
This is my first nano degree after completing my degree.Course content is very fine-grained.every episode is not too big and not too small.each episode is a capsule of knowledge.projects are very challenging.reviews are very quick and encouraging.alumni... Read More support is good.Read Less,udacity
"The main purpose was to get deep understanding of machine learning and one of my preferred methods to really understand topics is to get my hands dirty and actually do projects. I did the intro python Nanodegree first and saw how practical they were so... Read More I joined the Machine Learning Engineer which was a more extensive one (two terms). It really did the trick for me, as did all from the basic Machine Learning stuff to reinforced learning and computer vision. I truly believe now I could get into any field for specialisation with this solid foundation.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity helps you learn from the experts in the industy. They teach you the technologies being used in the industry with a good focus on the practical side by including projects, workspaces etc They even give recommendations to effective setup linkedin... Read More and github profile which would help in job search. I think my nanodegree from Udacity helped me a lot in getting to know about AI and ML in much more depth.Read Less",udacity
"I took an introductory Data Science course and my experience was amazing. The content was a little too superficial but since it was an introductory course it didn't bother me.What really impressed me was the support offered. They offered support through... Read More Slack and Whatsapp. The instructors would have an average response time of 20 minutes and they had knowledge over the subject. The course projects are assessed by a person and always came with good feedback.The only downside that I would see with Udacity courses would be the price of their courses, but since I bought it on sale it didn't affect me.Read Less",udacity
It was a great learning experience with udacity. I enrolled in front end developers nanodegree program and I enjoyed learning with other student from across India. Udacity student community has so many knowledgable people and its mentors are so quick... Read More to respond to the queries raised by student. I don't feel there are any cons.Read Less,udacity
"I have finished the Front-End Nanodegree program in 4 years ago. The course had me create own portfolio, using techniques and knowledge I have learned from the lectures. THe portfolio helped a lot to show what I can do to the job interviewers as they... Read More were impressed seeing them. Needless to say, the lectures were awesome. They were easy to understanding, interesting to watch, and using cutting edge technologies. However, there are some spaces Udacity can improve. First of all, no one knows about the Nanodegree program in my country, Japan. I live in Japan, and almost no one, at least at the time I had job interviews, knew about Udacity and Nanodegree. Secondly, the service was mainly for the citizens in the U.S in terms of Job finding. I wish I could have more Udacity's support.Read Less",udacity
"What do you like best? - I liked that Udacity covers a wide range of ""hot topics"" around analytics, digital marketing. The content was quite broad, but would still go to some depth in each of the topics. The fact that you can do various projects in different... Read More subjects and buld that way your own portfolio was a great feature and helpful for building resume. - The production quality of the contents was quite high. Most of the content was presented and taught very well. - The projects were very interesting, and helped reinforce the concepts learned. What do you dislike? - The price is too high. - The deadline for the program is quite strict (even with the 1 month extension). For a program which mostly has pre-recorded content, the deadline should be a lot more flexible. - Some of the content was taught by engineers who clearly know their stuff, but seemed to be reading off a script. - Job support is available, but there's nothing specific for a nano degree. Also, the job catalog was quite limited. Very few hiring partners.Read Less",udacity
"1) Udacity course is very well structured. The content is chopped into bite-sized lessons with plenty of examples and quizzes. 2) The projects are well designed. 3) I can study at my own learning preferences and on my own schedule. Overall I think the... Read More course quality is great.Read Less",udacity
"The Programm was a quality good and challenge. All the people on review and the knowledge system are very kind and helpful. Not so good was that die Programm was new, and it came to delays. But Udactiy was very helpful. Maybe next year, I plan a new Nanodeegree.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
I enrolled for Udacity's Front End Nano degree program when I was in my college and now I landed a Software Development Engineer job. The program was power packed starting from the foundations to real life projects. The best part of the projects are that... Read More they are reviewed by industry level experts who help the students bring out the best in them and make them industry ready. The Pros of the program are * Industry level coaching * Dedicated mentorship * Project reviews by experts * Udacity propel program (Job Fair for Udacity Students) There are no much of cons other than that the ND programs have an above average price tag on them.Read Less,udacity
"self driving car engineer is a very good program learn a lot of new skills , computer vision , machine learning , deep learning , C++ , Python , ROS , done a very detailed projects and one final project that combines all the skills learned during the... Read More courseRead Less",udacity
"I have already completely a couple of these online courses, and I love the challenge of having to be perseverant and fighting the urge to take the easy way out which would be to just give up. One definite positive part of these courses was that I was... Read More able to meet many individuals that have similar interests to myself and who share the love of learning and programming. One thing that you should take into account when you sign up for one of Udacity's courses, is that it is very time consuming but other than that, the experience is amazing and I would recommend it to anyone.Read Less",udacity
"At the beginning of the program, teachers told us what to do in this course. The goal was set at the beginning of the course, which also provides motivation to finish this course. Afterwards, they divided the course into several sections, and each time... Read More we started the section, they were divided into parts and made it easier to understand. We made projects with teachers in every part of the course interacted with teachers. There was a lot of quiz in the episode and we were asked to do it ourselves by researching them. At the end of the chapter, we were asked to make an application with different features similar to the application shown in the course. It was a great experience to be checked by the mentors after we did our projects, to tell us about our mistakes and to give us advice. There was a period of 6 months for the course, which was quite sufficient. The course is generally of high quality and teaches students what to do if they encounter a problem. It was quite a fun and instructive course for me.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:(1) Projects wherein one has to learn by doing. When we do the projects and get our hands dirty, then we understand the concepts and tools instead of mugging up the things.(2) Compact and Precise Lectures. Our brain is capable of remembering things... Read More in nutshells and this limitation is well understood by Udacity and presents the information in simple and precise way so that we remember for a longer duration.(3) Review with the industry experts. Our projects our reviewed by the industry experts, hence we come to know what is looked for a successful Project in the current market. It helps in gaining confidence.(4) Course covers almost all the important skills which are very high in demand for getting a new job or assignment.(5) The Projects and Quizzes are intimidating and relevant but solvable if one does not leave it in the middle. (5) The Projects are having moderate difficulty level and learn by doing is best practice for this field which is why the Udacity Nanodegree is respected in US market. As, Nanodegree is having a timeline to complete make it even more challenging.Cons: (1) The job opportunities provided directly after completing the Nanodegree are quite less in Indian Market.(2) When you are stuck at something then you are on your own because the reply from the mentor that you get is quite after some time because of the process it has for asking doubts.Read Less",udacity
"I was working as windows administrator but my love for coding was not going away and eventually decided to switch the career profile.I opted for Frontend Nanodegree II program offered by Udacity as I was already good one at coding. I must say the depth... Read More of the content was precisely set with a good explanation techniques.But the vastness of the course was not that great, it's good enough to start but not to master.Read Less",udacity
"At the end of 2017 I was unemployed and decided that I wanted to switch my carreer from electrical engineering to data science ,completing my studies in 2018. I chose to buy the nanodegrees from Udacity because of the good reviews that I read about the... Read More Machine Learning Nanodegree. During 2018 I did 4 nanodegrees , completing my basic studies. At the end of 2018 I had another goal: get experience in data science during 2019. In August I got a data science job in a big cell phone company in São Paulo- Brazil. Udacity has the best courses and the best support, all the nanodegrees are very good, with a lot of projects.Thank you for changing my life!Read Less",udacity
"The great thing about doing the beginners android course was the resources were very thorough and you have access to all the content at once, so you can go at whatever pace you like. There is a lot of exercises to do, which is good to build up a portfolio... Read More and build upon to make something more complex. What made the learning great was receiving feedback from other students and discussing tasks with one-another on slack.The one issue I had was my first tutor was not very useful. I received not a lot of help, but my tutor was changed later due to this.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has been a great learning resource for new technology topics. It helps me to keep pace with changes happening that are relevant for me to keep my skillset updated for my job. Being a PM it is important for me to also have working knowledge of... Read More newer technologies in AI, Programming like Python etc.Read Less",udacity
I think what stands out the most from this project are the projects that are required. These projects really showcase the skills that you have and also shows whether you can apply the technical stuff that you’ve learned from the courses. What could have... Read More been done better from Udacity side is if the course material had been a bit more up to date.Read Less,udacity
"There were 2 great things about course I really liked: mentor support and code reviews for projects.Mentor is someone who asks your questions when you stuck with material, clarifies difficult conceptsI also had planning sessions every week with mentor.... Read More So, I was making commitments on completing certain part of course material.Motivation was my problem earlier when I was using other courses with no deadlines, also fact that nanodegrees are aa bit pricey helped me - I worked hard to complete course as fast as I could.Second great thing about course were code reviews for projects. I really feel I learned a lot this from review comments. There were not only pointing out bugs or style issues. Reviewers were also giving code examples, giving tips on good coding practices.Feedback was also motivating and constructive. But there are also slightly negative things...It is expensive, but I guess that is price for having mentor and your code reviewed. I would suggest going through some free tutorials quickly just to understand basic concepts before taking Udacity nanodegree.That way you can utilize best things this program offers you - mentor who will answer your questions and explain you parts you don’t really understand and build portfolio which will be good enough to show it to world after review.Other thing was - in course videos lector was working with older version of react router. But I understand how world of JavaScript framework works - everything is changing very quick. But they handled this situation quite good - they explained this situation in reading before video, explained differences between new and older versions, gave links to good resources covering new version.Read Less",udacity
"I had mostly a positive experience with the Mobile Web Specialist Nanodegree provided by Udacity. First, a little background on me at the time of attending the program. I was pretty new to web development (under a year of learning) and was in the process... Read More of teaching myself how to code. I had been learning to program in javascript off and on for a few months using resources like Udemy or other online resources like courses from Wes Bos, coding Youtube channels, MDN, etc. I came across Udacity as I was researching other platforms to learn and saw that I could apply for a scholarship provided by Google for a Mobile Web Development Nanodegree. I was able to get one of the scholarship spots which led me to completing the Nanodegree. The structure of the program was to watch and code along to various topics and challenges and then at the end of each section you were required to complete a multi-stage project that incorporates what you've learned along the way. Overall I think the program definitely helped me become a better developer. There were also some things I thought could be improved a bit. I'll start with the stuff I really liked about the program. I like how the program started off with things like accessibility and user experience on all kinds of devices. Since taking the program that is always on my mind when I am developing web applications. I think it's an important thing to keep in mind and the lessons on those topics were very helpful. Things like using semantic HTML so that you get a lot of accessibility features out of the box, responsive images and how to make sure you're sending appropriate images sizes to various devices for the best experience, a quick intro to ARIA attributes and how to use them properly, and more. I also thought the lessons on service workers while the most challenging (for me) were also very rewarding once I finally figured them out. I'll admit my level of programming knowledge at this point was a bit of a detriment to me. I actually hit a pretty major road block at this point which caused me to put the project on hold for a few months while I continued learning outside of the platform. This isn't a knock on Udacity and admittedly I didn't reach out to the multiple avenues for help such as the peer network or using my appointed mentor. After wrapping my head around some more of the advanced topics in javascript like asynchronous programming using promises I was finally able to understand a bit more about what was going on and was finally successful in completing these challenges. Finally I thought the overall project for the program was a good way to get my feet wet with transforming a non-responsive website into something that not only worked on all devices but also worked offline. It was pretty cool to have something that did all of that at the end of the program. I also found the code reviews for each stage of the project to be very helpful. This was something I took advantage of and found my mentor to be responsive and very helpful for any questions I had along the way. There was one main piece of the program that seemed lacking to me. I thought the lessons on tooling and automation were a bit of a waste of time. The tool that was covered in those lessons was Gulp. While I'm sure it's a fine tool to use, I found it overly difficult to implement even the easiest of tasks. This probably had something to do with my level of coding at this point so feel free to take this part of the review with a grain of salt. I felt that the lessons on this topic lacked depth. I tend to do better with watching someone code actual examples of how to use a technology and explain not only what they're doing but why they're doing it as they go. Most of the videos for this section were cheesy explainer types of videos with very minimal examples of how to achieve the tasks they asked you to do. I found myself literally spending hours reading through Gulp's documentation to figure out how to do very basic automated tasks. In the end I found both Webpack and Parcel as alternatives and it was a total game changer for me with tooling for a local development environment. Udacity also had a pretty active alumni network. I got a lot of communication about career or other networking opportunities. I can't really speak to any of these as I was taking the course to help with web development projects where I currently work. Overall I would say the program is worth the time and investment. I've carried a lot of what I learned in the program over to real world projects I've built for my current position.Read Less",udacity
"I attended this program because I applied for a Google Scholarship, I was unemployed and I wanted a career change. I got it, worked on it in a good rhythm and finished the course before the time limit.Because of that, I went to some job interviews and... Read More in one of them, an employee appeared and said that the service he was programming was corrupted and thanks for the Java skills I learned with the nanodegree, I went there and solved the problem. I didn't get a job for a programmer on that company, but I'm working there as a ""does everything"" because I proved my worth thanks to that moment.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity keeps me motivated with great quality videos and fun projects. Although compared to cheaper alternative schools like coursera or udemy, i’ve found myself actually enjoying learning and completing udacity courses. They find good ways to motivate... Read More students to keep learning. The mentor support, forums, and slack channels offer plenty of support. The quality of the exercise and projects through jupyter notebooks are well designed.Read Less",udacity
"During the Google Dev Scholarship program, I had a chance to attend the Android Nanodegree of Udacity and it was amazing. The program is well structured. The content is easy to follow and the mentors are very supportive. Besides that, Udacity has an amazing... Read More community of students and mentors and provides platform where we can discuss about problems and ideas.Read Less",udacity
"It was a easy to navigate inside the platform and the contents of the course and how it is disposed are different to any other website that I've tried. The contents are interesting and the way it is available, makes you more engaged. I think it helped... Read More in my development and was a good review about what programming language really is.Read Less",udacity
"I studied introduction to programming, and networking engineer Very very good Thanks, udacity I studied introduction to programming, and networking engineer Very very good Thanks, udacity I studied introduction to programming, and networking engineer... Read More Very very good Thanks, udacityRead Less",udacity
"I was 5 month pregnant when I chose Udacity Intro to Programming Nanodegree. I wanted to seek new career related tech, but difficult to go to on-site school because I had heavy morning sickness. I searched some internet programming school and decided... Read More to enroll Udacity. And I think that was a right decision! What I love in Udacity. +The schedule was flexible, so it fit my physical condition. ( I studied 5 - 15 hours/ week) +The videos itself are interesting to watch, and never got bored. Even though I do not have confident in English (English is second language), I enjoyed lessons. +Questions are sometimes easy, sometimes challenging, and repeatedly asked in different ways. I think I got fundamental skills. +Chat room with other student and instructor. I got some hints to solve the problem and was encouraged to continue learning from others all over the world. But if you want to get new jobs right after this program, the Intro to Programming Nanodegree class is not the one. This is the gateway to start studying new language, and need more deep studying and experiences. However, I studied HTML, CSS, Javascript and Python and decided to learn more about JS, React with Udacity next time. After the giving birth, I had no time to study for 6 months, but I already choose next program to step up. Udacity give me a chance to continue learning even if I become a mother!Read Less",udacity
"My husband took a course through Udacity first and his experience was much different. What was supposed to be a nine month course ended up being about a year long course. But it paid off like crazy!!! He learned a lot and get to go to a graduation ceremony... Read More they made and we're pretty sure its what made his resume shine bright enough for the job he has now. Most everyone around him has a doctorate degree and he has a masters. The only thing that explains him getting in is this course which directly links him to the position he is in now. I just wanted to take a small course, a way to learn something new and give my resume a slight boost. My course was only a month long and I haven't seen too many benefits to my resume yet but I did learn a lot and feel much more comfortable going for different types of jobs. I can't wait to take more courses and learn more.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is the one of the best career development platform. Through this platform, A student can sharpen His/Her skills and can make His/Her life wonderful. Udacity have well experienced faculty and mentor support for the students so that they can learn... Read More more efficient. My experience with Udacity is so wonderfull. I have changed my life and doing white collar job as an Android Application Developer. Being a Udacity Alumni i feel so proud.Read Less",udacity
It was truly awesome learning experience. The curriculum was up-to-date and on par with current market jobs. I wanted to learn ML as I wanted to try something new in the field. I was a beginner with no experience as such in ML. But course was designed... Read More in such a way that everyone can learn at their own pace and still learn lot of new things.Read Less,udacity
"I coursed the React Nanodegree on 2018 (before the monthly payments model). TLDR: It was awesome. First the only negative side: My assigned mentor never answered me. But I asked for a replacement and the new one was very good, but to be honest I got used... Read More to progress without one so I can't tell more. I heard this changed in the new monthly payment model where mentors are much more compromised and even have regular calls with you. That was the only negative aspect. All the following is positive. The content quality is superb, it's carefully picked and written/recorded in a very understandable way. It's split in a perfect way in order for you to not learn too many things at once, so you don't have ""learning fatigue"". The instructor is a truly expert in the field, and he went beyond a typical course, giving you not only the what and how, but also the why and best practices. It's not only videos, you have also text and quizes, so you don't get bored with pure videos like in other courses (at least me). And probably the key learning feature: the projects. There were 3 projects you had to complete (+1 optional), these truly consolidated all the material learned. The best is that they are reviewed by a Udacity reviewer, who gives you very valuable feedback on the parts that could be improved. Besides practicing, this adds to your portfolio and also gives you the confidence that you're proficient in the technology (React in my case). You don't get this in other courses. Can you find equivalent free material by googling? In theory you can but 1) It would take ages to find it (time is money) 2) It would be of different qualities and teaching methodologies and 3) you won't get review from experts. The career advice (which came for free with the nanodegree) was also a big plus, To be honest I never cared about my LinkedIn and Github, but Udacity reviewed my profiles and made me awesome suggestions to improve them. I also improved my resume based on their reviews. Then I got more job opportunities (I got a salary raise to not leave my current job due to a new offer I received through LinkedIn). The whole nanodegree combo was definitely worth the price (around 500 USD at the time), I'm so happy I decided to do it, I received more than techincal learning and it paid itself easily.Read Less",udacity
"The Data Engineering nano degree is a good introduction to modern tools available these days that were unthinkable a few years back (Redshift, Airflow, Spark,...). Basic Python is required but other than that you can get a good experience and learn a... Read More lot with good real examples.Read Less",udacity
"PROS: 1. As a Newby to software development I felt this was a good path to take. 2. The materials, videos, and resouce links are designed for learning. Plus , the course is project based for learning code development. 3. I like the availability of computer... Read More study programs that exsist. And one can have a great career with the selections. 4. I personally feel very lucky that Udacity exsist when I decided to start learning software development. 5. I now have two NanoDegrees from Udacity and plan to continue studying. CONS: 1. You must commit to a study schedule in order to complete difficult projects on time. 2. The material is challeging but any great goal IS CHALLENGING. 3. There is lots of material to learn although when you're finished you're career ready. 4. As many students have indicated, more help from mentors would be appreciated.Read Less",udacity
"The course is very well structured and has extra modules. I chose to take the course at Udacity for the world renowned of this school, being considered the University of Silicon Valley. What I thought was a differentiator was the assistance of the tutor... Read More who created a community and always answered questions quickly.Read Less",udacity
Udacity is the only online learning platform which is the best in what they do. The Videos the provide is full of new content and those videos are highly interactive. Learning experience was great for me as I was the beginner in the android development... Read More and with there high quality video I was able to build my skills. Only 1 drawback is there that the programs in UDACITY is very expensive from my point of view but if you want to learn something which is highly beneficial you can easily ignore this thing.Read Less,udacity
"First of all I want to think udacity for great courses, second actually I get perfect experience with blockchain udacity course. Perfect topics , speaker , subjects in general.. In addition, thinks for the coordination for the course .. Thanks udacity... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
Pros: Programs are taught by leaders in the field; learn at your own pace; build a decent project portfolio; learn latest technologies &amp; best practice techniques ; 1 year access to course materials; good support from instructors &amp; classmatesCons: Can... Read More be expensive vs. alternatives from top tier institutions which employers seek; not particularly well recognised qualification outside of USRead Less,udacity
The only con would be not having other students with you but I think slack does the job quite well. The projects were in depth and relevant. The dependencies developed with were cutting edge so I was sure that the knowledge would not quickly become obsolete.... Read More I recommend the course to anyone who wants a really in depth understanding.Read Less,udacity
"I have been with a Udacity student over the course of two years and have taken 3 nanadegrees with them. I found the personalized mentor support and career support with mentors phenominal. They were able to help with my resume, job search and career strategies.... Read More The project review and technical support provided by Udacity is slow and sometimes inconsistent. Some reviews were very detailed and the reviews gave great suggestions on how to improve code, use other packages and add additional features to our analysis. However the review process can be quite slow, taking over 1 week to receive feedback. More and more I have found support from technical questions and Udacity support to be extremely slow and unhelpful. I hope they can fix this.Read Less",udacity
I took the intro to programing nanodegree and this really opened my eyes to what coding is and how it can be used to help me get a job in the future and also why its interesting. Udacity was filled with videos and reading so you can get hands on testing... Read More while you are going through the lessons. I really enjoyed being able to learn from the ease of my house.Read Less,udacity
"I had never taken an online program before, but Udacity was well organized with plenty of practical experience and quizzes mixed in so I could ensure I was learning the material. The only con was that most of the courses in the nanodegree program I took... Read More assumed I had basic understanding of the concepts and sometimes I didn't. Thankful, Udacity offers a wide variety of free supplemental courses to help get you up to speed. I am now enrolled in an online University and find the material cut up and disjointed. I've even gone back to look to see if Udacity offers some of the content I'll need to learn through my new program. I definitely plan to take more courses through Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"Pros:* Great video classes* Student forums* Graded projects* In-depth understanding of basics* Fun and interesting projectsCons:* Sometimes the grading was inconsistent* Sometimes I needed to go back and replay a video multiple times to understand what... Read More the instructor was teaching* It's expensiveA few years ago, I had been ready to leave the company where I was working at the time, as I was burnout and tired of writing content for marketing. The company didn't want to lose me as an employee, and asked me what would make me stay. I said, ""Teach me to code and give me a job as a developer."" My manager thought I was joking, but humored me and asked the company to pay for a Front End Developer course at Udacity. Within six months, I went from newbie developer to the top producer on a team of seven people. I credit Udacity with much of my success. The courses gave me an in-depth understanding that many of the other developers (some who had 10+ years of experience) were lacking. I highly recommend Udacity, especially if you can get someone else to pay for it. :-)Read Less",udacity
"The C++ nanodegree has quite different from the others nanodegrees, The course was not finished when I attended and This was quite frustrating, However, I learned a lot with all projects and it's looks like the course has changed a lot since I did. the... Read More price is too high for the content.Read Less",udacity
"The Design Sprint course was very important to my career and changed my professional attitude about starting new projects. The content is up to date, well organised with an excellent production with teachers who are reference in the market. It was a great... Read More experience.Read Less",udacity
"I usually find that it is really difficult to find a course that matches your skill level exactly, but this one offered quite a range of skills and software and offered some extra materials for study. It is aimed at complete novices, so I skipped the... Read More ""spreadsheets"" section completely as i am quite proficient with Excel, but i sunk my teeth into Tableau and SQL. SQL i have some experience with and it was very enjoyable, probably my favorite part of the whole course. Feedback from the reviewers was mixed, sometimes even contradictory to the material presented in minor details (use / do not use Chart titles etc). It was a bit frustrating to have project returned due to these discrepancies, but if nothing else it reflected real life where you often think you have everything done and feel great about your work, just to get your ego put in check by having to change things based of feedback on things you may disagree with. So i took it as a part of learning and humbling experience and it eventually all worked out :) I would definitely recommend this to anybody who is new to this and wants to try and learn a wide variety of skills. You will not become an expert, but you will definitely widen your horizons and there are additional courses that you can then use to build on the skills you find most interesting to you. Note: I was not using. any of the forums or help with job finding so i cannot comment on those.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: * Udacity Android Nanodegree Program in collaboration with Google was the best starting point for my Android Developer career; * It had a great curriculum: basic UI (layouts, rotation etc), networking, databases, java, android frameworks * All theory... Read More was smartly blended with practice. A little bit of theory always came with a little bit of practice. * All exercises were built incrementally, adding more functionality step by step. * All instructors in the videos were optimistic, making the learning very interactive and fun. * In the same time, the instructors were realistic and communicated very transparently that there will also be hard times, when code will not compile, things will not work always as expected and we will have to keep our mind focused and motivated. * The mentors were very very supportive, ready to offer real solutions to our problems. The mentors provided objective feedback to the projects that we built as homework. * The projects that we had to build were practical and inspired from real-life needs. * The community that was on slack was a real gain - we discussed all sort of challenges, clarified tasks, provided support to one another, like in a real team. Cons: * there were some small erros in the online class exercises; hopefully Udacity corrected them Overall, I recommend Udacity from the bottom of my heart. It helped to become what I am today - a Android Developer with 3 years of experience in large IT companies. Thank you Udacity and Google! ;)Read Less",udacity
"Well, i was enrolled in fullstack web development nanodegree from Udacity and i should admit it was a great experience. In that time before the nanodegree, i started to love the web development and that what encourages me to take the course, the course... Read More was so full of knowledge and information that started with me from the basics to deploying a website on a server, which made me love web development much more. Here i am now working as a full stack web developer in a marketing agency and without a doubt the course helped me alot to be in that position. The only cons in the course is that here in Egypt no companies is working with Python as a backend in web development, although it made it easier for me to learn any other language to work in the backend.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: the course gives you a high level understanding of the kind of problems a student/professional has to deal with. It gives you a hands on experience as well. Even though the problems given were not extensive, it helped me clear my concepts. Cons:... Read More the course can be improved by introducing a few more problems so that the students can get more hands on with real world problemsRead Less",udacity
The program has a structure that you won't be lost and videos that will guide you the right way through the whole journey. Udacity made possible a great support system and an active community that will fill any gap. After that I got the Nanodegree I feel... Read More more secure about myself and completed projects faster and better. Thanks Udacity!Read Less,udacity
"I am one of the lucky recipients for the Udacity scholarships from Google. I completed the course on the Android Developer track. I am glad I made it until the end. It was a six months scholarship made up with the free content at Udacity. You can always... Read More watch the videos and download the code, but the main difference is the mentorship. You can ask for help if you don't get the topic. You have to submit your projects for code review and you can keep sending your project until you pass them. It was a wonderful learning experience for me.Read Less",udacity
I was overwhelmed by what Udacity offered me as a newbie web developer. Solid material and courses that each bit of it would be of a practical key factor at my current work. I recommend it's Frontend and React Nanodegrees to any junior developer. You... Read More will find great job support as well on the platform along with your study materials. Your projects will be peer reviewed and you will have access to a forum that everyone can help each other on their course works.Read Less,udacity
"I finished the Android Basic Nanodegree course in about 5 months, I was totally self-motivated at that time. And surprisingly, I was hired as an Android developer after I showcased the first five apps I made from the course to my boss during the interview.... Read More The course material is really good, the concept and the key point were detaily explained through the text and videos. Especially they have project reviewer to review your project and give you additional knoweledge to improve your coding skill. All in all, it's a wonderful experience of learning with Udacity, and now I am digging into the Android Developer Nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"In one line, Udacity has changed my life drastically. I don't have any graduate degree, and still with the help of the udacity now I am React developer, also I have experienced with Full stack, Before 2018 I didn't know about any programming, but Google... Read More and udacity gave me one chance to my life and I get selected in their Front End Nanodegree scholarship, and from there my life has fully changed, it's kind 0 to 1, and the most important thing is, Udacity has awesome instructor and awesome community, I just love itRead Less",udacity
"I completed my undergraduate degree online. I also completed a nanodegree with Udacity. The difference? Schools have lost touch with reality and often focus on theory and non-practical concepts that don't have much bearing in the real world. Udacity content... Read More is created by leading companies with the skills that employees need to succeed. It's that simple. Beyond the content, having a personal coach who gives you feedback on your code—usually within a day—is unbelievable. I had to get student loans when I did my undergraduate degree, so I just couldn't believe it when I realized that Udacity offered an education that was ten times better and ten times less expensive.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity helped me to become a front end developer. The course curriculum helped me to understand the concepts from basic building blocks. The class room training explains everything right from the basics, they don't jump over to specific subject, instead... Read More they go from the root ,so that we get a better understanding,.The porjects they give along with the course(4 projects) lets us grow our confidence because we are made to do them on our own and also tutors are available if we are stuck. It really helps in building our confidence. The code reviews we get once we submit the projects, helps us to evolve and fine tune ourselves.Read Less",udacity
"The android basic nanodegree was for me a amazing expirence,I learn a lot about android studio and how to create my own app with differents features, the course teach from the basics widgets until consuming online Api, at the end of the whole program... Read More I had already created more than 10 different apps.Read Less",udacity
"The pros of this program is that I'm getting exposure to things I have never seen before and that without the guidance of the program I probably wouldn't understand them. It's a challenging program that gets you out of the comfort zone.The cons of the... Read More program is that most of the times when you have a doubt there is no person next to you helping you, you basically only have google, a mentor (that sometimes answers your messages and other times they don't even assign you one) and the communication board for students that sometimes your doubts get answered sometimes they don't.Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity Robotics Software Developer Nanodegree Program was a great experience. I learned a lot about robotics control and automation, as well as several specific algorithms for path planning, localization and mapping. The projects were a great way... Read More to get practical experience working with and debugging applications in ROS and they were always marked very quickly. The only negative is that it is very expensive. I would recommend cramming the course into 1 month.Read Less",udacity
I did the FE Web Dev Nanodegree Pros: Good overall content and topics. Interesting projects which solidifies what was tought. Good extra tips from experts sharing their experience and best practises. Glad they focussed on React rather than Angular. Cons:... Read More The sillyness of some tutors and in between not funny jokes of tutors are annoying and wastes time. A more professional and to the point expererience is desired.Read Less,udacity
Udacity the best online training website that offerong high quality training material that enable you for Self improvement and put you in the first step to start your start-up company. I found its very interstong to join udacity for self improving courses.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
"Udacity is a great source of education for those who cannot afford a full degree at a major university, don't have the time for a full degree or have a full degree already and want to expand their knowledge and skills. I myself have two bachelors degrees,... Read More Marketing and Communications. I graduated from college almost five years ago, but have worked in very traditional corporate marketing roles that I did not have a chance to use many of the digital marketing skills I learned. I also know the marketing it an ever changing field, especially in the digital world. I had recently quit my corporate job to start my own digital marketing business and Udacity helped prepare me in some of the areas I was less confident in. The biggest thing for me was the portfolio of real world projects I came out with at the end of my Digital Marketing Nanodegree program. Having first-hand experience with so many important softwares was critical for me going forward.Read Less",udacity
"I did some courses at udacity and they all met my expectations very well. The courses are very high quality, very practical, which makes learning a lot easier. I was able to apply some solutions to everyday problems. The main solutions used were data... Read More analysis for my business.Read Less",udacity
"I enjoyed taking the Udacity Scholarship challenge and then earning the opportunity to more forward with the certification for front end developer. The experience provided exposure in the areas of time management, working on teams, problem solving and... Read More critical thinking. I enjoyed working with team members in order to resolve an issue and build relationships that outlasted the program itself. Having the certification on my LinkedIn profile grabs the attention of recruiters along with my current company’s name. I recommend the program to several people who ask me and mention how great the experience was. Another thing I like about the program is that I can access the information indefinitely in order to sharpen my skills and review my work.Read Less",udacity
"I completed the FEND. It teaches great fundamentals, and the mentors and code reviews are excellent. With that said, front end development is constantly changing, so what you may learn may be obsolete or out dated by the time you graduate. However, I... Read More believe this program sets you up to succeed if you put in the work. Will you have a job lined up after completing the coursework? Probably not, but it's a great start.Read Less",udacity
"The AI Product Manager Nanodegree program provides great background on AI and ML It introduces the terminology and concepts needed to understand and have meaningful discussions with Data Scientists and Data Engineers in relation to AI/ML model development... Read More activities The format and structure of the course, with the videos, exercises, projects and due dates, makes it is easy to follow and makes the students accountable for completing the program in the allocated timeRead Less",udacity
"The program was challenging, had a lot of opportunities to learn new technologies and techniques.. Content descriptive, easy flow of videos and hands on examples and exams mentorship for hits, Amazing class room/ slack community that we learn a lot together.... Read MoreCons.. limited resources of mentors they were taking a bit time to review / answerRead Less",udacity
"In the Udacity Deep Learning Nanodegree, I learned the basics of several different deep learning algorithms. It was very useful to see the actual implementation of different algorithms, although the execution of some was a bit confusing. I gained a lot... Read More of understanding in natural language processing and sentiment analysis, and was able to use that as a springboard for future projects. I felt like the neural network portion was kind of simplistic, but it would be a good introduction if you have not been exposed to NN. The reinforcement learning section of the course seemed tacked on at the end, with an insufficient amount of time to really learn. The lab for this section was very complicated, and I was left with a passing grade but not a good understanding of what my system was doing. I recommend working with a partner through the lectures, especially the early ones which are heavy on linear algebra. Overall, I learned a lot and built some significant skills.Read Less",udacity
I took the front end development course with Udacity. It has provided value in my current position and helped me advance technical skill sets needed in various dev positons. I am happy in my current position but it is nice to see other companies reaching... Read More out to me based on my profile having this Udacity cert.Read Less,udacity
"Throughout my life, learning the traditional way - in class with a teacher - was how I succeeded most in my education. I needed that individualized feedback and attention in order to retain the information I was learning. I had never taken an online class... Read More until college, and even then, I could speak to a teacher face-to-face if I needed it. Before Udacity, I had tried a few online courses in development to see if I liked it and if I should switch careers. None of the courses made me feel like I was gaining knowledge in the field, however. I found Udacity just through Google searches, and applied for a scholarship to one of their challenge programs. When I started the program, I was blown away at how similar it felt to traditional education (without the commute, of course). You watch videos to learn concepts, then try problems and answer quiz questions. What really put the icing on the cake for me was the projects.The program I was in had several projects due over the course of the class - although, you could do them at your own pace. Each project was individually graded by a real person, who provided feedback and suggestions to improve. The entire course felt as if I was in a college course (minus the papers!). It was challenging, but not overwhelming. There is an entire community of people in the course with you, so you can ask questions as you have them. There are mentors and course moderators (for the Slack community), and I'm not sure if they still do this, but we also had a website filled with all of the resources we may need to succeed, such as a calendar and group study events.When I took the course, there wasn't the job support that they offer now, but I've seen what the newer programs offer and it seems like a great opportunity to connect with specific employers once you graduate from the program.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is the place where you can really be sure that you will learn A LOT!!! The tutorials where made simple easy and step by step, can't miss anything. The mentors are available very often and they not just checking you up, but also they cheer you... Read More when something went wrong. That is huge amount of help. The reviews... The reviews, I think are the best in the world. It's like someone Was telling me all the time that i'm beautiful ;-) Very encouraging to work more, comprehensive and comprehensible answers. And finally, my whole knowledge about android increased a lot and I'm more confident about my skills in creating Android apps.Read Less",udacity
"It was a very useful experience for my professional life. In fact it allowed me to change jobs, before I worked as a J2EE developer now instead I'm developing on Android! The course is very well organized, assistance is real, and the corrections of projects... Read More are very useful. There is no better way to learn than to develop while learning and this Udacity knows. The video experience is really effective, even for people like me who don't speak English very well, but with subtitles it becomes much easier to understand. In addition, the groups of people who have formed a very stimulating learning aid were also very useful also because it creates real competition. Also the fact of rewarding the most active people on the blog and on the chat was a great idea that served me a lot, I learned a great deal even so. In short, a decidedly positive experience, I would do it again! Thank you Udacity. Vitiello Antonio.Read Less",udacity
"Overall the experience was outstanding. Great instructors who are always willing to help and provide guidance. The education is very high level so I do recommend becoming fairly familiar with the topic before committing as you will need to do a bit of... Read More self exploration, which is heavily encouraged. I have learnt a tonne and applied so many things to my daily workflows. Highly recommend Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"I was enrolled in the Udacity Google Developer Scholarship for the Front-End Web Developer path, and my experience was excellent.The material is presented as text, videos, interactive coding sessions, quizzes and projects that are reviewed by mentors.... Read MoreThe material was fresh with emphasis on React, responsiveness and accessibility. The project reviews were thorough. The mentor's were quite helpful just as the fellow students on the forum. The community is rather engaging.The only con was probably the lack of material about Redux, knowledge of which is required for any React developer nowadays.Read Less",udacity
"Great overall experience. This was my first experience of a term training course online. My course was React Nanodegree, the level of the content and trainer was very good and I really enjoyed the real world projects. It definitely made me a better developer,... Read More not only by learning new front-end skills (my background is back-end) but also by suggesting new tools and tips used today in the industry. Furthermore, the Udacity community is really welcoming and always available to help. You never feel alone, you are always supported and a lot of structures are implemented to motivate you everyday. Last, but not least, your personal mentor is probably one the key points for making the program successful.I can only suggest this nanodegree to all developers/or non-developers out there! The Udacity programs will prepare you perfectly for a new role or grow inside your current organization/company.Read Less",udacity
pros is learn to use latest technology as per industrial requirement . Curriculum is good . Duration of project submit is also sufficient . Mentor support is very helpful. Project review is too good to explain. I learn through this review report wherever... Read More I meet confusion . Slack support that I have use is well supportive while doing the live project . So overall there is only pros . cons is fee is too high now days .Read Less,udacity
"I took the Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree, three years ago when it was first released i guess. It was still not so organized as it was just released (i checked it recently, of course the structure became better and the projects changed). What's... Read More best about these Nanodegrees is the projects, the projects are just too good and the mentors checking your project giving you feedback on your implementations and rejecting to accept your project until you enhance it more and more is just very good and makes you really learn for an online platform. I took this program while finishing college three years ago, then i applied for a data science job and got accepted and it's been 3 years working as a data scientist :) So thanks for that if you want cons maybe these: Program structure/flow wasn't very good (to be fair they were starting this whole Nanodegrees sector when i started) Expensive with respect to salaries in my country (Egypt) but the price is justifiableRead Less",udacity
"I started this Nanodegree without any JS knowledge and after finishing it, I felt very comfortable starting new small projects. The best thing about this Nanodegree is that by the time you've finished it, you have done a few projects to showcase and the... Read More knowledge that goes with it!. After finishing it, I did some small projects with different frameworks and libraries. Few months later, I got a job I'm very happy at :)). Kind regards, AntonioRead Less",udacity
"I attended the Artifical intelligence core algorithms nanodegree, and I graduated after a few months. The teaching methodology is excellent. It is based on real life situations and problematics, and the theory is introduced in a swift and intelligent... Read More fashion. The exercises make sure you are following correctly, and you have access to all resources all the time. The projects are very interesting and fun to do, and you have excellent mentors and discussion forums in case you need any help or you want to help your fellow classmates.Read Less",udacity
"Front end developer, really??What a journey!!!I learned a s*** load of things in just a 3-month period. This strange thing that called JavaScript started to make complete sense to me and except for that I developed my own fancy (at least for me) apps.... Read MoreSince, I had a full time job, I asked my directors to assign to me some front end tasks in order to gain some hands on experience, and it proved to be completely doable and fascinating for me.I made some real contribution and people seemed to be surprised with what I had achieved after I followed such a short term training.I have to warn people, though, that the estimated time is rather optimistic. If you don't plan to just have a quick look of the content of the lessons, then you have to invest way more time than the expected one!!!I have already started my new journey with Udacity. It is called programming for data science : Python + SQL time!Read Less",udacity
"It has been an amazing journey. Got to learn so many things! The Android Developer Nanodegree is structured into small projects that lead to the creation of a great final project, the course material is presented by an enthusiastic team of professionals... Read More and through the community we have the opportunity to connect with different people with different skills and background and learn from them. I recommend it to anyone considering becoming an Android developer! Thank you Udacity and Google!Read Less",udacity
I started from career in 2004 and always an individual contributor. In 2017 i realized i was failing in all job interviews. Self learning didn't help. I enrolled in front end nano degree . I still remember my portfolio assignment was submitted more than... Read More 15+ times and every time i used to get the feedback in a positive way. Like wise my other projects also went back and forth. Outcome is good practices have become my habit and the projects which i architect has less technical debt. Reward for my good work in my current organization is more work :-) i.e. i am getting to architect all UI projects. I would recommend this nano degree's for both beginners and experienced professionals as these courses start from basics and completion of assignments we have hands-on learning experience similar working on enterprise project. Udacity is the walking stick to software professionals like me to Keep Up With Constantly Changing Technology and it is the magical wand for freshers who can get trained to face the enterprise worldRead Less,udacity
It takes care of all points important related to frontend development.Project reviews are a bit random as in one review someone might spot an issue but in another review it might pass. So review process should have more strict rules for someone who is... Read More reviewing.Read Less,udacity
"I enrolled in iOS Developer Nano degree Program , I'm a softer engineer have working experience in iOS development and I wanted to freshen up and maybe learn a few things. To my surprise it was very focused on current practices and used common app projects... Read More that you can see being asked to developed on freelancing websites.The course is project based, when you submit a project it has reviewers that review your project and give you thoughtful tips on how to improve it. I also learned other skills that I'm applying in my other areas , such as how to write Readme files. The course also offers Github and Linkedin profile reviews to represent you better online and helps in making your profile appealing to the job you are looking for. All in all this is not your usual online course where just complete things and you pass, there are real people who support you everyday and give you real answers.Read Less",udacity
PROS Udacity has teaching methodology. Content quality is excellent. Its UI is nice. The thing that it helps us in making real world projects is excellent. CONS Its content access is time limited not lifetime access. Its nanodegrees are quite expensive... Read More as compared to others.Read Less,udacity
"I joined the Udacity for ML Nanodegree. Its fun filled learning as the tutors will be asking the brainstorming quizes in between the learning. I had completed my course in time with Udacity's mentors and the time table they provided. Pros - 1. Udacity... Read More ML program is one of the best in the entire online learning courses. 2. They provide student and mentor discussion forum (Slack) which is very very beneficial. 3. The explanation of the concepts are in detail and from the ground level so that you understand it very well. 4. The review/guidance we get after submitting the projects is awesome. They explain all the very details and what we could have improved more. 5. For online coding you don't need any special machine with high configuration since their online editor is more than enough. Cons - 1. Lifetime access to the project is not available online, it is only for an year. But you could download the videos once you complete the course. 2. Udacity alumni meet is not held in many cities, so the people wanted to join from other cities have to think for travelling. They can parallelly arrange it in multiple cities so that it will be beneficial for most of the students.Read Less",udacity
I took the course introduction to self driving cars at Udacity. The coursework at Udacity was really engaging and I got to learn a lot. All the concepts were practical applications in the industry. I recommend it to everyone who wants to learn about self... Read More driving cars.Read Less,udacity
"Coming from the west side of Africa, opportunities to learn and advance in the field of technology is limited as there are no local Bootcamps or any of such here. I needed a reference point to learn and advance myself, and came across Udacity from an... Read More online advert, so i decided to try out its scholarship program with google for the Android basics. Till date, Udacity course materials are the best in quality i have ever seen. it is well presented, fun and easy to follow. Most importantly are the mid projects as you advance in the Courses, which undoubtedly is the best part of Udacity as you don't see that anywhere else or better. It lets you apply all you learnt, improve your source for information and problem solving skills. The mentors are there to help when stuck and needed help. The platform is so good that there are berely any fault, although i had wish they could integrate the various groups, members and mentors handle into the Udacity platform for easy access to answers. Making it easy to post questions and get responses in a clean interface just like on stackoverflow. As i found myself not mostly needing the mentors help during the program.Read Less",udacity
"I did the Udacity React NanodegreePros: Extensive, project oriented and lesson plans are organized, linkedIn and github profile updates and career counseling services are quite good.Also code reviews are quite detailedCons: Online and chat based interactions... Read More are hard.Read Less",udacity
"I attended a few nanodegree programs related to data science and machine learning. Pros: 1. Most of the lectures are structured carefully with a lot of graphics for clarity and intermittent tests to review our understandings. 2. The modules and projects... Read More are intensive in each nanodegree program. However, you may take your own pace on how you want to make use of your free time to complete the lectures and projects. 3. The projects incorporated are mostly useful in my real life and work - many carefully crafted efficient codes (from my machine learning perspective). You may access all projects and anytime you want after course completion. 4. There is mentor and peer-to-peer system available to guide you along the course, if you need help. Cons: 1. The cost of nanodegrees may be a little pricey compared to many , which may not be affordable for many developing countries and persons without a good pay job. This may be a big hurdles for those groups especially undergrad students who has study loan to pay. Having said that, this could be an upside that it will enforce you to spare time and effort on the subscribed programs.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity's Front End Web Development nanodegree is an in-depth learning experience that utilizes great informational videos, knowledgeable instructors, outside resources, and a student forum catering to various learning styles. The program lets students... Read More go at their own pace so that, if you work a 9-5, you can study an hour or two a night. There are several courses to complete with individual lessons that quiz students on the material often. Each course also includes a final project that are challenging and require students to do some independent research to solve some problems. I really enjoyed my experience with Udacity and would recommend it to anyone looking to start a career in tech!Read Less",udacity
"The Slack hub from Udacity's course ""Secure and Private AI Challenge"" allowed me to get in touch with people from Europe and Asia which helped me in my carreer and problem solutions. I thought the course would be just me facing hard coding but I was completelly... Read More wrong. Professor's from the portal also contributed with my graduation project. I wish nothing but the best for all of them.The portal structure is excellent and the classes are also great. I have nothing to complain about. As soon as I save more money I will definelly enrool myself in another Data Science course.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity Nanodegree allowed me to have improve and have a more solid knowledge about fullstack development. It covers basic, intermediate and advanced topics in a simple and clear way. The projects allow you to practice what you've learned and you're always... Read More encouraged to go beyond.Read Less",udacity
"I have completed lot of MOOC's from platforms like edX, Coursera, Udemy, MVA, Khan Academy, NPTEL, Lynda and Udacity. I did find platforms like edX and Coursera very helpful but Nanodegree completion on Udacity was completely different experience. Udacity... Read More taught me what is being used in the Industry. I completed Front-End Development Nanodegree and Business Analytics Nanodegree. While doing FEND I also worked as freelance Front-End web designer and used my skills learnt on Udacity, being a college student, because of which I was able to earn around 4-5 times what I invested in the Nanodegree. Business Analyst Nanodegree was the key to success for me. Udacity helped me with getting my very first job as Data Analyst, I also worked as mentor for Business Analyst Nanodegree where I earned 40-50 times more than what I invested for the Nanodegree. I always believe in good return of investment and completing Nanodegree on Udacity is one of the best return of investment I have got in my life till date.Read Less",udacity
"An excellent digital platform for learning new skills that offers great job support and mentoring. The classes, created with faculty members from prestigious universities and employes of top companies, are very well structured making the learning process... Read More a pleasure. Every chapter of your nanodegree comes with projects that strenghten the knowledge gained. The mentors are really helpful and are ready to push you to reach further. I will never regret taking a nanodegree with udacity as it helped me start from scratch in android develepment in a very short time, gaining a lot of knowledge in java development and building great apps that helped my resume.Read Less",udacity
"I enrolled into ""Deep Learning Foundation"" program later ""Self Driving Car Nano-degree"" with the intention to learn new skills and looking back I am so glad that I did. I found this course challenging and I learnt so many things I didn't knew earlier.... Read More The best thing about Udacity is not only you have experts like Sebastian Thurn, they have collaboration with the industry leaders working in the same domain. We learned concepts, technology which are actually getting implemented in the industry. In our case the instructors were from Amazon, Mercedes Benz and Nvidia. You also get to learn some of the most fundamental concepts by Self-Driving-Car experts like Sebastian Thurn (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sebastian_Thrun) who also happens to be also the founder of the company. After my graduation, I later got an opportunity to mentor students and it has been amazing learning experience so far. The best thing about Udacity is like they are Startup, they do mistakes like rolling out few features with errors but quickly corrects them too. To the readers of my review and students who are currently enrolled and working full time. There will be times when you will find it too much given that you have a job, I suggest to not give up. There were times that I could not able to read lessons for 5 straight days but would make up during weekends.Read Less",udacity
"I applied to the Udacity program out of sheer curiosity to learn about machine learning technology. I am amazed by how well-structured their courses are. The concepts are presented in a very clear and intuitive way. You get constructive feedback on your... Read More project. You also get the privilege of connecting with your peers and mentors thereby making the learning process quite engaging and interesting. There is a career section that students can leverage to get various supports that can aid in their job search. In terms of cons, the program may be slightly pricey but the payment plan makes it quite affordable. The price is definitely worth the content you'll be getting.Read Less",udacity
"I enjoyed going through the classes, materials and projects from the React Developer Nanodegree. The videos are of high quality with clear explanations of the concepts. Step-by-step coding is awesome and the projects are in the sweet spot of difficulty:... Read More not too easy to be considered useless and also not so hard that will make you frustrated and overwhelmed. I even still use the materials today when I need a reference for a new React project. The community was awesome. We had a Slack channel where we could ask questions and even showcase our work with fellow colleagues. They were always very supportive and questions were always answered in a timely manner. The career services were available but I didn't use it because I was already employed and didn't want to change job.Read Less",udacity
"The program is well structured and really up to date. I have worked with every concepts that I was taught by Udacity's program. The discussion forum and the career portal is really helpful too, my CVs are really impressive to the employers. The projects... Read More cover a lot of concepts and practices which is extremely valuable.Read Less",udacity
"i had very good experience , creative teaching, a lot of informations, teach me to search by my self, ability to create projects, helped me to create my resume and create good portofolio, have good background in many technologies and incouraged me to... Read More learn themRead Less",udacity
The Udacity Frontend Developer Nanodegree gave me the jumpstart I needed to get going as a web developer. The program covers everything you need to get an entry-level job in the field and also equips you with the skills and technique s needed to continue... Read More to grow as a developer as you progress through your career. I was able to get a job as a developer while going through the program and two years later am working as a Frontend developer at an international tech company. Couldn't recommend more highly!Read Less,udacity
"I liked so much my NanoDegree on Udacity. For me it was a good experience and knowledge base. With this NanoDegree I could find a new position acting as a Data Engineer in a very big project. The experience, and projects during the course, help me a lot.... Read More Unfortunatelly, they left Brazil, so for me continuing the study is not interesting anymore.Read Less",udacity
"I love the projects because it gives you hands on experience with the program. I also love the support not only from the student community center, but from a mentor as well. I think the only con is I wish they would share what programs would compliment... Read More our new skills set or tell us about new and up coming programs to look out for. For example, I did the business analyst nanodegree and learned tableau. It would have been awesome to learn even just a little bit about alteryx or another program that works in conjunction with tableau (besides excel) even if it was an introduction video. I’m new to this industry so I’ll take all the hints/tips/help I can get! Thank you again udacity for giving me the tools to start off on my dream career!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity gives a very interesting, self-paced and interactive learning experience. I've 3 different nano-degrees from them and they opened new doors for me in a record time! I encourage people to give it a shot and make sure to seek the scholarships opportunities... Read More as there are many of them. Thanks :)Read Less",udacity
Pros:. gradual increase of content. mini projects at the end of each content block. practical and real activities working the content. increased learning self-esteemCons:. some classes repeated content. some contents were a little out of a logical order... Read More of reasoning.Read Less,udacity
Pros: . gradual increase of content . mini projects at the end of each content block . practical and real activities working the content . increased learning self-esteem Cons: . some classes repeated content . some contents were a little out of a logical... Read More order of reasoning.Read Less,udacity
"The pros of this program are that it covered a lot of very useful material and was able to be funded with a scholarship which is helpful when you are currently unemployed. In addition, it gave me the confidence to continue pursuing this career path as... Read More it showed me I was capable of finishing projects in software. The cons are that since it was time-restricted to completion, there was a lot to learn in a limited period of time. In addition, unless you were able to work on what you learned outside of the classroom it was hard to have other projects to show potential recruiters.Read Less",udacity
"Before Udacity, I tried to learn android but I wasn't able to learn but everthing change when I started my first nanodegree ""Android Basics nanodegree by google"" and I loved it. It was the right course to dig into the amazing world of android, the materials... Read More and all the projects were all I need. After that, I continue with the next android nanodegree but unfortunatelly, I wasn't able to complete it, the nanodegree was more challenging that the first one, we saw new topics. And now, I started a new chapter in my learning path, the Deep learning nanodregee, I want to combine android with machine learning or deep learning. All in all, the nanodregrees at Udacity are the best investment to grow your career. Regards.Read Less",udacity
"I enrolled in Udacity's Front End Web developer's course in 2017. It was tough. Lots of reading, video lesson and above all projects to complete. The projects are where you learn how to do the actual real website development. The instructors are very... Read More talented and supportive. The followup from Udacity is superb. For the entire duration of the course, I spend at least 3hr/day in a library with a friend who was enrolled in the same course. Having a pal in study helped a lot . Please get into a Udacity course only and if only you have the guts to stay on course. It is not easy. It is tough. But it is fun, and immensely satisfactory once you have the hang of it.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: Curriculum is strong, projects are extremely applicable to the ""real-world."" Self-paced learning model makes it very flexible for learning. Mentors are helpful when getting stuck on projects.Cons: I did not have a dedicated mentor that checked in... Read More with me throughout my course, they were mostly there for me to reach out to when I needed help. In addition, once my course had ended I was really looking forward to career consultation support, but there has not been any availability from that section in the past two months. I am hopeful that this changes soon as I am eager to break into the world of data.Read Less",udacity
"To be honest, the whole program is organized to be very challenging. Not always the examples are so clear and (even with several tips) 'easy' to understand (this issue could be generated due to language gaps). In the other hand, we can see results after... Read More overcome the initial difficulties.Read Less",udacity
"Android, Deep learning and Machine learning nanodegree are awesome and I learnt very much from the . However, Dataengineer nanodegree was poorly designed and require significant improvements. The content length, instructor quality even the excercise we're... Read More poorly designed.Read Less",udacity
"I made the Frontend Web Developer Nanodegree with Udacity. I really liked that the course was very practical, so everything you learned was immediately trained with practical excersises. I also liked the projects we needed to make, as they showed me where's... Read More still need for improvement and they were a really good recap from the topic I learned. Another very positive thing was the mix of the formats within the course, as there were short videos, reading topics and as mentioned previous many excersises. Also the whole course was very well structured. The whole nanodegree programme was very challenging, but knowing that I didn't learn only basic but also intermediated tools and patterns kept me motivated. All in all I can really recommend the programmes offered by Udacity and I'll definitely will make another one.Read Less",udacity
"I took this course for work. I had to learn ARKit quickly and be able to use those skills in a professional setting. This course prepared me for that while also covering the core concepts of Augmented Reality, Unity, and ARKit, as well as Xcode for building.... Read More Their support was quick and they gave good feedback for my final project.Read Less",udacity
"You must be prepared for a shower of knowledge. Sometimes it seems that it will not succeed, but everything is done step by step and with great support. In the end is rewarding and the content is great. Coupled with the content and the projects, the support... Read More your career as a resume review is great.Read Less",udacity
Learn all details about how to apply a Design Sprint session in a very practical way was an outstanding experience. This nanodegree video method was very objective and working on a case scenario with fast interactions and feedback from other students... Read More and our mentor was the best! Only drawback is that day four was a little bit confusing and some of the requirements weren't clear.Read Less,udacity
This program is perfect for undertaking whilst working as it is all online and support is easily found from your mentor online. Sometimes it can be harder to motivate yourself without having set lecture and studying times but you can easily get back on... Read More track with help from your mentor and project deadlines.Read Less,udacity
"The explanation in the videos were clear and very complete, after videos the practices were great and useful for understanding the topic, finally having a tutor was a valuable plus since he answered every question that I had during the course, in the... Read More other hand when projects were reviewed, the comments were not made by the same person so, there was some contradictions in the reviews.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has amazing content and instructors. The videos and exercises made a super-engaging experience. Lessons were broken into small pieces which made it easy to pause and pick up later. Live mentor support was available, plus career services. Lessons... Read More are kept up-to-date with the latest industry preferences and language releases as much as possible. At some points directions were outdated (i.e. an API had changed, or free service was no longer available), but Udacity had great support to get those things fixed and keep learning! The nanodegree program was well-paced and pushed me to complete projects with specific deadlines. It was challenging, but incredibly educational for a beginner programmer like myself!Read Less",udacity
"I think the program is great for those who want to expand your knowledge with a hands-on method. At some points I felt like the content was way to soft and for begginers, but the role experience of my nanodegree was great and important for my carreer.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
I enjoyed following Udacity courses because the learning process is very interactive and this helps you keeping focused on the topic without getting bored. The contenta are absolutely up to date and you can learn about lots of very interesting topics.... Read More The idea of having periodical year to prove teachers and your self that you have learned the topic you studied are great!Read Less,udacity
"I was very skeptic when I first enrolled for the Android Basic Nano-degree . But I soon changed my mind. The lessons are designed to not be boring or too much theoretical, in a few lessons you are in the middle of the building your first application!... Read More I think that the best feature of udacity learning method is the fact that each chapter of instruction ended with a project, reviewed from udacity team. Each part of your project is analyzed and reviewed until you create the correct project. And even if you succeed at first try, you always find useful tips to improve your work.Read Less",udacity
"The impact of the practical projects is the best aspect of Udacity's nanodegree programs, the way it forces the student to revisit the course contents and go after external material is really remarkable and impactful. The only issue I had (which prevents... Read More me from giving 5 stars) is the relatively superficial approach taken in the final module, which focuses on Machine Learning. The contents are top-notch, but its depth isn't as satisfactory as the preceding modules. I acknowledge that it's difficult to provide a comprehensive introduction to that discipline given the course length, but a better job was done elsewhere in the same program and the expectations end up not paying off 100%. Finally, regarding the Job Support aspect of the program, I ended up never using it so I'm unable to provide a thorough review, leading me to include a 3 starts neutral score.Read Less",udacity
This course was for real newbies. If you are not sure you can handle Python or programming concepts this course will be really helpful to get used to the concepts and give you enough chance to make mistakes and learn more. They often try to keep your... Read More motivation high and give you the energy you need through all levels. If you already know beginner level programming concepts and used Python even for simple tasks this course might feel like a bit slow to you. But still you will learn a lot.If you have a long term programming related target this course is a great start.Read Less,udacity
"My experience with Udacity has been totally satisfactory, with many extra-curricular courses and very thorough teaching in the subjects. Thanks to her, I am a highly qualified React and React Native developer today. I have no cons to describe because... Read More I only had pros. It is a totally unmissable teaching.Read Less",udacity
"I was interested in developing a PWA for apple farmers and therefor I attended the React Nano Degree course. The course was very interesting and I was able to improve my English too. Very important were the home works at the end of every part, because... Read More you had to resolve problems for your own and you got in contact with other students, that was a very interesting part of the course. Another positive aspect that I found, was that the teachers gave me a feedback of my works and also showed me some alternatives and better ways to solve a problem. Perhaps in the near future I will attend another course.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity, like many others, is a MOOC-based platform. MOOC stands for Massive Open Online Courses - this means that Udacity provides an online learning experience to anyone that would wish to sign up on the website and start learning. This is the second... Read More nanodegree I have taken. Unfortunately, I've had an unpleasant experience regarding of the review of my last project's submission, which abnormally took more than 1 week.Read Less",udacity
"I would say that the fact that you can learn at your own pace is a huge benefit of using Udacity. The dashboard for learning is easy to use and intuitive. Additionally, the resources available are clear and useful.I did not utilise all of the features... Read More of Udacity for the course because I found them dense and unclear what they really were.Read Less",udacity
"I took two Nanodegrees, Front End Web Development and Android app development. I think the biggest con is that you have to commit to finishing the program and to doing the assignments. The Pro is that it is self-paced and you can always go back and review... Read More the materials. There is also opportunity to get feedback from your mentors within the program.Read Less",udacity
"I have know Udacity casually surfing the web and I'm immediately fascinated for its philosophie. Udacity isn't another platform in which you learn with video course but it take you the opportunity of grew up your skill with mentor support and project... Read More reviews. The student hub is a plus which give you the opportunity to compare with other students about your issue and you learning process. Slack community give also the opportunity of interact with other students and mentors. The AMA sessions are a must for resolve technical issues and achieve your goals. Finally Udacity, with the help of more partners offers very often scholarship for access free Nanodegree. Udacity is not the common learning platform, it is the a place where people can learn and share it's knowhowRead Less",udacity
"I was looking for an online learning experience and I discovered the courses and nanodegrees that Udacity was offering. I had already taken some free courses in the past and the learning experience was great so it was an easy choice. The videos, materials... Read More and support from the mentors was great during all the courses. If you want to learn something new, change your career path or improve your current skills, I strongly recommend Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"Before Udacity, I was a knowledge-hungry person who was trying to find his way into the world of programming. Udacity quenched that urge and gave me the boost I needed to get a job in an area I love today.The balance between practical and theoretical... Read More and the availability and knowledge of the mentors and the community makes Udacity a perfect place for those who want to leverage their skills.Read Less",udacity
"I attended the Design Sprint Course last year. This course help me a lot to improved my daily work on my company. The best thing of Udacity is the content (very high quality) and the mentor support. You are never stuck during the course, if you need help... Read More you can find always someone that help you step by step. I recommend it!Read Less",udacity
"I attended udacity self driving engineer nano degree. The course content itself is engaging, the projects particularly was very interesting. It gave me a good starting point to get my foot into this field. However, this course will only serve as a starting... Read More point. If you want a serious career, you need to be able to continue to study after udacity.Read Less",udacity
Udacity provides you a platform wInhere you can actually learn actively with other students and mentors through videos and projects.I learned a lot in my Nanodegree. Every lesson was very easy to follow and at the same time they dive deep into the details.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
Udacity and Google help me make a shift at mental level from business to It. I graduated a Android Nanodegree Course and this reveals me a lot from tech trends and knowledge. Now I feel that I am capable of learning and doing much more in tech. Thank... Read More you Udacity!Read Less,udacity
"I attended the machine learning engineer nanodegree at a time when I was mostly a logistic regression practitioner using proprietary software. Udaciy helped me realize many subtle details of my everyday routine that I was taking for granted or I was performing... Read More mechanically. It also opened my horizon and gave me essential, additional skills which allowed me to call myself a data scientist. The balance between theory and hands-on exercises was just right, while the frequency and difficulty of the quizes and the exams were challenging but certainly constructive and well-designed. On the negative side, there is less attention on the technical aspects of the course and the required prerequisites. I remember having difficulties with the initial installation of Python, which was ultimately necessary for completing the course, and with some programming assignments which challenged me much more than the knowledge-based exams. Thus, I would recommend all students to make sure they are already fluent with the programming language of the course (don't expect the course to teach you this) and ask immediately for help with any technical difficulties they might have (most probably already solved by co-students or mentors).Read Less",udacity
"I had a good time doing a nanodegree at udacity in web technologies.I can recommend these degrees to anyone with interest in the field, with an intermediate experience in programming.The mentors and slack channel support was great too, the community behind... Read More udacity is still one im a part of.Read Less",udacity
My experience at Udacity was great. I discoreved the site almost luckily while surfing the internet and a inside browser pop-up guided me towards the Front End Web Developer Nanodegree. I had an awesome experience that allowed me to improve my skills... Read More and even gave me the possibility to learn new ones. I always try to improve my abilities and Udacity gave me a great possibility!Read Less,udacity
"Last year I received an e-mail about scholarships granted for some Udacity on- line courses and I considered a real challenge for me to try to learn programming, as now I am working in the public administration. I chose the Android Basics Nano-degree... Read More Course and I was selected, so I started the lessons being not very confident that I will succeed. After a few lessons, I became really in love with the trainers and the methods they used to explain . It wasn't easy, but with the help of the forums and mentors, I finished all the 9 projects and I obtained the Diploma. I am very happy and proud of my achievement and I intend to continue with an advanced Udacity course, in order to improve my knowledge in Java and Android applications.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:Study content was too good, simple examples were taken to explain the things. felt like attending a live class.Reviews were productive, gave proper guidance whenever required. Test/assignments were good.Cons:Lack of support if any problem face.",udacity
"I followed various courses and completed a nanodegree and, even if I was already skilled in some of the argument, I've always learned something new. The instructor are almost always clear in the explanation and content are very well organized to keep... Read More the flow of the courses as simple as possible. Examples are clear and well explained and feedbacks are usefull and to the point.Read Less",udacity
"I did the Front End Web Developer at Udacity from December 2018 till end of March 2019. I learned a lot and it was fun at first, but I couldn't finish any project on time and had to get some time off to not miss the deadline in March for all projects.... Read More This was my only concern about the course, the time range beside working full time is too short to do everything that was expected (I didn't do any additional free courses which were recommended, because I didn't have the time). But that was the only ""bad"" thing, the courses were great and the feedback for the projects were always fast (I never waited longer than 24 hours), the support was great and I learned a lot. I would have felt comfortable starting my carrier in Web Development after the course. P.S.: I wasn't interested in the Job Support, so can't rate this.Read Less",udacity
"Let me tell you one thing , frankly speaking i was at zero point before when i got enrolled into the course . One of my professor (who was specialized in ML) advised me to get enrolled into this course. Firstly i was little skeptical because the price... Read More of the course was little expensive (for me ). But my professor told me that they also provide certain scholarships and upto certain percent refund benefits(after completion of the course successfully) . Luckily i was provided with a 50% of refund benefit after successfully completion of my course. This really benfitted me a financial aid because of my low economic background . And the methodology was too good that even a person with zero knowledge can able to learn because everything in the course will be taught from the scratch which really helped me as my knowledge in this domain was weak. The Interface they provided is really convenient that i havent felt any discomfort with it . The delivery of the content was to the point with point to point explaination (even in code) which made me to understand logic and concept easily . I fully enjoyed the course and i thank udacity team for making me stand where iam now(currently im working as a machine learning ). :)Read Less",udacity
"It provided me the knowldege to be an specialist in software products and be part of the IT Industry. Understanding the importance of Mobile applications development, as well as all the information flows, helped boost my chances to have on demand skills.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
I took the intro to self driving cars class. Projects were definitely a plus--specifically I liked the A* route planner we had to do. I also liked the traffic light classifier although it seemed like the material didn't prepare you for it quite as well... Read More as say the A* material did for that project. I wish more of it was in C++ rather than python since that's what's actually used in industry. There was a C++ chapter in the class and to be honest it was downright abysmal and I would be embarrassed at the quality of the code that was presented. I really hope they've improved that section since I took the course about a year ago. I already had a job with a autonomous vehicle company so I didn't take advantage of job support or anything like that (I'm just trying to increase the breadth of my technical knowledge). In spite of my criticisms they're probably still the best online education site for learning about autonomous vehicles and I will very soon shorter be starting more of their classes (probably the full self driving car nano-degree and computer vision nano-degrees.Read Less,udacity
"With the rise of ML/AI, there is a surge in current job market. But these jobs require a niche set of skills which are hard to aquire yourself. One has to get a masters or doctoral degree for them. Udacity courses act as an intermediary, according to... Read More me it prepares a person for such jobs .It's not a replacement for a university degree, but something that compliments it or at least allows you to get the job and learn more there.Read Less",udacity
"My start at Udacity was not one I was expecting; but exactly what I needed. I was working in a restaurant when I came across a web development scholarship program through Udacity and sponsored by Google. I applied on a whim, not expecting to get in with... Read More my lack of experience in the field. To my surprise, I was accepted into the trial course! I studied very hard and spent most of my free time doing independent research into my new field of interest. Udacity’s easy to follow curriculum, and system of working at your own pace—having your work reviewed by real people only when you are ready—gave me the kick-start to motivate me to move forward in something new! I was already excited to get this far, and had doubts about my being selected to move into the full-fledged scholarship program with a full course at Udacity. Again, I surprised myself and my self confidence when I was one of 1500 students to move on to the Front-End Web Developer Nanodegree program! The community of students and instructors through the website and through Slack were all just as excited as I was, and extremely helpful throughout the entire program. Outside of the program, I discovered a world of new resources for learning and helping me get through the Nanodegree program. To say the least, it felt wonderful. The program was challenging, but not unmanageable. The deadlines for the projects were set at just the right dates to keep you motivated, but not too tight to exhaust you (while I was still working full time). I passed and received my certificate, but what I really gained through Udacity was the knowledge that I was capable of doing something new; something challenging. I left the program with a new mindset: continue learning forever.Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity Digital Marketing Nanodegree was a great introduction into all aspects of Digital Marketing. The breadth of the content is great for beginners or experienced marketers looking to brush up their skills. The learning experience is modern and... Read More up-to-date and none of the content feels dated. What sets Udacity apart are the projects. Getting real-world experience runnings campaigns is what sets Udacity apart from other online education platforms. The only con in my mind is the level of depth in any one topic. This course is all about breadth, not depth.Read Less",udacity
I got the Android development scholarship from Google and Udacity and it helped me to change my carrier and enter the world of development. It was oneof the best experiences in my life and the journey was great with all the support we got from Udacity... Read More team.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity courses have helped me considerably to level up my career. They provide great projects and easy to follow video tutorials. I found the interactive nature of the courses speed up the learning process considerably compared with watching 1 hour lectures,... Read More and reading alone. Udacity's Digital Marketing Nano degree helped me get my first position in the field and gave me a solid introduction to the skills I now use everyday.Read Less",udacity
I had finished 2 Udacity course 1 dropped.I want to said pro and con about this course.Pro1) This is one of the famous course in this field and everyone recognize that you learn something little bit.2) The code practice is very useful3) mentoring service... Read More was useful when you stuck by your coursecon1) This is not flexible you have limitation about 3 month or 6 month and it is not good for when you are busy.2) The mentor is not usuel if you face bad mentor3) The course is sometimes very tutorial levelRead Less,udacity
"Udacity is the first school I know that teaches people outside borders. At the start of 2013, I have started a simple computer science course. And then, today, they are with sure the most inspirational learning institute about development. I just have... Read More one graduation, from Brazil, but I am seeking to have more in the future.Read Less",udacity
"More than 5 years ago, I was wanting to be different, have alot of time to do alot of things. I searched alot about the top salary jobs as the workers their must be unique, and the most appealing working field was Programming. Sience then I learnd C++,... Read More read many documentations about Android Studio as the emerging technolgy at that time, to be honest I did go mad understanding so little and was gaving up for some weeks and then re-trying again and again and agian. I searched again so I found online learning and courses learnd on various websites but really Udacity was the easiest of them but It was paid, so I wasn't able to join. Finally in 2017 I found ""Grow With Google"" international scholarship that gave me a great hope for better affodable way to learn and grow, I took the chance beside my college studies that have noting in comman with computer in general not jsut programming. in 4 to 5 weeks I finished the course that was intended to be finished in 3 months, then I helped other students. When it comes to be accepted or not. I felt so sad having more things to do, help &amp; guide but the time was up even when some colleges did say to me I did great. And the final moment when it comes to the choosen people I was one them, thankfully for my friends, Udacity &amp; Google who gave me the chance to be an Android Developer now &lt;3Read Less",udacity
The overall experience was great. I 've learned how to make simple android app and I already made one based on the knowledge I got from this course. The content of the videos were easy to understand and replicate to your own project. Also the reviews... Read More of your projects were clear and let you improve on how you write code.Read Less,udacity
"I applied and got accepted the Google Scholarship Challenge: Android Basics last year. I continued for the Nanodegree. This opened the doors of a new world to me: Mobile Application Development.The pros are: you learn by doing, code reviews are in great... Read More detail. You get help when you need. Community is awesome.By the way I am thankful to Udacity &amp; Google for this opportunity.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity sets the standard for what technical certification experiences should look like. I recommend their classroom experience to anyone interested in further developing their technical and, or, business acumen. Whether you are starting your journey... Read More in the tech world, or you are an experienced professional, there are several opportunities to grow your career by partnering with Udacity.Read Less",udacity
Pros-:Working with a deadlineIndustry relevant technologies usedInteraction with peersProject review at every stepMentor supportExposure Cons-:A lot of self motivation is required which is not possible every time.Job support not upto the mark.,udacity
"took the MLND from udacity in July, 2017. It helped me understand the landscape of machine learning and how its used across the industry, equipped me with the necessary frameworks and tools to use machine learning and apply to solve problems at hand.",udacity
"I completed the Full Stack Web Developer nanodegree in Udacity last year, and it was crucial for a change of career I was wanting for some time. I learned the basics for the area, and the assignments are specially good for achieving skills in problem... Read More solving, even more with reviews from Udacity's staff. I had an overall great experience, but the job support was a bit shallow for me. The program offered me only one job opening, and it was in other state in the country I am living. Except for that, the upgrade in my curriculum helped me get a job in a few months.Read Less",udacity
"I was extremely impressed with my experience on the Udacity FEWD Nano Degree.The learning resources we entertaining, very deep with technical knowledge and covered a large breadth of subjects related to the field.I was particularly impressed with the... Read More personal code reviews, mentorship programme and active community (I event got the chance to meet some fellow students in Germany!)This course helped me get my current job at IBM, were I am being recognised with my depth of knowledge in the field.Read Less",udacity
"This is my criticism of the Android nanodegree program. I have to say, this course was worth $1,200.Fortunately, there was a promotion that reduced my fees to about $999. I learned a lot of advanced notions about Android application development. I remember... Read More my mentor Carlos who encouraged me a lot, comforted me and said that he was proud to have a student from Congo and I had to explain that there are two Congo - the Republic of Congo and the DRC in short. This training gave me the opportunity to work as a consultant. The only problem is that training costs are expensive.Read Less",udacity
ProsNo hassle of finding which materials to cover and figuring out how to prioritize these topics based on relevance and technical complexity.Step-by-step development of topics allows students to build on what they learned from previous lessons.Built-in... Read More quizzes are effective ways to check students' understanding of the materials.Projects are by far the best way to integrate the comprehensive materials covered in the program.Mentors are responsive to questions including those that may arise during the project work.ConsLack of acceptance or credibility by institutions/organizations (for a career jump/transition)Cost barrier for considering advanced programsMentors may prioritize rubric over students' novel approach to the projectRead Less,udacity
"The Data analyst nanodegree program from Udacity was very good. I reviewed as well as learned new information about statistics and pandas and to be honest, the statistics I still go back to the statistics section and review its materials because I liked... Read More the way they explained it. You need to have programming skills in python or at least willing to pick up as you go, and that means a lot of research.Read Less",udacity
"Getting an Android Developer Nanodegree from Udacity was really revolutionary step in my life. My story begins from exploring the world of mobile application development to understand smallest detail about developing an Android application. The course... Read More was well developed and created by the ones who actually helped in making the android framework. The benefit of which was that they tells you really important parts of developing an Android application. Also another part of the course which i really like was that with learning about android development, there was 7 projects as well which can be challenging sometimes but gives you a real perspective and encouragement to imply whatever you have learnt from the course. This projects were time bound, which creates a push but in a good way. Whenever i submit the project, it gets reviewed by expert and I get great coding advice from the reviewers as well.All of the projects have certain criteria to fulfill, without which the project won't be accepted. And whenever i have felt that there was some issues or i am getting stuck there were mentors provided by the Udacity who gives really amazing guidance and tips which helps really much.Not only from the technological stand point, but Udacity focuses on overall development of the student. For example they provided some really good resources about do's and don'ts for getting a job, how to prepare a good resume.And lastly when the course is finished and i got a certification from udacity.Now with all the pros there were some few cons as well.For example when i joined the course, the course material was a old and not updated, although Udacity tries to keep it updated but some of the part of the course was old and the android framework was ahead of it. And some times communication was an issue.Overall the experience is challenging, it tests you, but the knowledge and experience is the real reward at the end.Read Less",udacity
"As we know that upcoming future of computer science is the time of AI, machine learning,data science and another many more techniques that will boom in the world of invention, so that It is suggested by our collage to be aware of these techniques and... Read More get knowledge about IA and machine learning, data science etc. So I have searched many websites that provide us knowledge about these techniques. Then it is recommended by google search to do something with UDACITY. I joined the course, and got wonderful content, faculties, references and helpful contact with tutors. Each course of content, problems and their solutions explained step by step manner. Both videos and text form of study content is available. Always get support during doing project . For example when I was doing my project, I couldn't complete my project during time duration ,then UDACITY provide me some more time to complete my projectSo as for conclusion I will suggest to everyone who want to get knowledge of upcoming and existing wonderful techniques please go with UDACITY and make yourself master with your learning and UDACITY support.Read Less",udacity
First of all the platform is very simple and easy to use. The structure of the lessons is very well divided into small parts. A lot of small videos with very good quality both in sound and image. After each video you take quizes and excersizes for the... Read More content you have learned. At the end of each segment you have to make a project. If you have problems with the given project you can seek help from other students or a mentor which is assigned. Always found the help i needed in order to overcome the problems i had. Didn't use their job seeking platform because i have a job.Read Less,udacity
"It was January 2018 and I decided that it’s a right time to move on in my professional career. At the time I worked at a large government company and was part of a software team which supported an internal platform based application. The day to day job... Read More was mostly patching database issues and moving around interface using a very high level API with outdated technology. I always wanted to work with latest and greatest technology and do valuable work which could have an impact. So, I decided to change my career and move to a technology company. I knew I would need to update my skills in order to pass an interview. In order to do that I created a learning path where audacity course fit perfectly. It had a great learning path with thorough selected materials. Also, it included plenty of practical exercise with a code reviews which was something very had to get on your own. Finally, I was very happy taking this course (bootcamp). It taught me lots of new and useful stuff, inspired me to learn more and helped me to achieve the job of my dream. Pros: * great curriculum  * lots of practice  * knowledgeable teachers  * feedback * community  * pleasant to use interface * resume adviceCons: * price (It definitely worth it) * some areas should have more in-depth coverage * more code reviews (very helpful thing) * mentorshipRead Less",udacity
"I had a real good experience with my Nanodegree. Each part or term was well structured and the content was presented in a good mix of theory and hands-on tasks. At the beginning I thought it would be harder to commit the required hours per week to keep... Read More on track with the content but since the different parts and the projects after each technical topic had a strong practical orientation, it was really interesting and kept me motivated to spend the hours for learning. I can definitely recommend it.Read Less",udacity
Udacity allowed me to learn every important detail in web development. The course was enjoyable while working on the main projects. I had so much fun connecting with other students and solving the problems we face together. After finishing the course... Read More I had all the knowledge I know to start a career in web development. I really recommend Udacity as a place to learn new technologies.Read Less,udacity
"very good courses and practical projects helped me make strong skills in the field , the courses in all fields related to the subject and offer the great info and mentor support and reviews , i enjoyed the courses and i hope to take another nano degree... Read More in new topics i think the bad thing in the nano degree that not many know about it in my country Egypt.Read Less",udacity
Was pretty surprised at being selected for the course. I found the course content well designed with exercises and group discussions. The course guide was knowledgeable and answered our queries to our satisfaction. Doing the exercise helped understand... Read More the concept very well. Students were encouraged to experiment with datasets.Read Less,udacity
"Pros: All contents and class is online, you can launch or advance a successful data career. To acquiring valuable skills right away, create a project portfolio to demonstrate your abilities, and get support from mentors, peers, and experts in the field.... Read MoreCons: The Udacity left Brazilian operationsRead Less",udacity
"Udacity was ideal for me because I am a mechanical engineer working full time in aerodynamics/thermal management and wanting to gain better understanding and change my field to autonomous driving. Pros:- A 360° knowledge in autonomous driving. You gain... Read More proper understanding of subsystems such as sensors, perception, planning, control and most importantly a deep hands on experience in artificial intelligence particularly the neural networks.- Teaching is more focused on application of the technology and further links/documents are made available for people who would like to dig deeper in a topic.- Quick clarification of doubts through various platforms: mentor, slack and udacity website Q&amp;A- The quality of student is very high. You make some life changing connectons in your last project where you work with 3 other students. You can assume that those who have made it to the end of third term are highly motivated and very qualified. Cons:- The answers from mentors came late, in some cases a question was answered in 2 weeks. May be it was just a outlier.Read Less",udacity
"Being a student of various online educational programs I can undoubtedly say that Udacity surpassed my expectations!The course was immersive and fun and it became an everyday activity after University classes. Not only was the material very well selected,... Read More the instructors were fun and entertaining as well. Furthermore an essential component to the whole experience was the constructive review and feedback of our Assignments, which I found improved my understanding and performance even more. It was definitely an amazing experience which I would highly recommend to every student around the world who is seeking to further his/her education and acquire extra skills!Read Less",udacity
"I was fresher when I had enrolled in full stack web development course from Udacity after completing my nanodegree when I Joined my company there I found the uses of all those skills, All through this courses I learnt a lots of trending Technologies which... Read More Companies are looking for, Trending technologies like:Front End:Html5,CSS,JavascriptBackEnd:Python,Flask,PostgreSql,SqlLite,Ajax,Jquery.And apart from that working on Git Version control, shell etc,All the resources given in course are from scratch to advance level, Any students with little knowledge in programming can pursue this course.The only Cons which I found i.e Job Support,They should improve their Job Support Community to help Students to Get good Job.As Udacity is the better choice for any Candidate for its Quality Education Service I believe they will Improve their Services.I will Suggest all students or Working employee that You must Enroll This Course Because it will help you yo get good HikeThank YouRead Less",udacity
"Udacity offers a good choice to follows online courses on AI aspect. Mix video, online programming and dedicated correction put Udacity to my favorite learning platform. Additionally, whatever courses session are ended, the content is still available... Read More online and keep up to date by the platform. I strongly recommend Udacity !Read Less",udacity
"Udacity’s Flying Car Engineering Nanodegree is filled with challenging concepts and beautiful instruction. Be prepared to flex your brain muscles because the concepts in this course get almost as deep as it goes. It all starts off with a bang deep within... Read More a fully functioning python code then leaps into path planning algorithms. As soon as you think you can’t stuff any more into your brain it’s on to flight physics and vehicle dynamics. Hope you payed attention in your physics courses or you will need to set aside some extra time on Khanacademy.org brushing up. The last required section rounds everything off with building your own flight controller in C++, talk about a whirlwind fifteen weeks. Overall I found the course enjoyable.Pros: lots of great info. Cons: if you’re not ready for this it could eat you alive.Read Less",udacity
Easily understandable study material.life time accessibility in login course.24 hr mentor and other same course pursuing students helps for any confusion and doubts.Gave review and feedback each project effectively.sometimes mentor don't reply fast .,udacity
"I did a course with Udacity to better understand the work my developers do and for being able to talk ""on par"" with them about how to implement new features. The Udacity Nanodegree(s) provide a great opportunity for learning highly relevant skills for... Read More that. They are very well structured, with nicely bite-sized units that can be done easily during breaks or at home after work (and so nicely paced that you always manage to do at least one or two every day). Only downside is that they recently massively hiked their prices up (again) and became a rather expensive option for learning compared to the many free resources out there.Read Less",udacity
"For me it was a great opportunity to be a part of this scholar program. I've learned many things, and I felt prepared to start working on the field.The mentors are a valuable thing, they are always prepared to help us, and the environment was great.",udacity
"I'm proud of myself cause I'm learned from udacity course , I'm discovered many things in this course they depended sense of eyes and ears and this is make students to remembered any things that forget , addition more assignments and projects and good... Read More instructors to follows students continueRead Less",udacity
"I still think that the nanodegrees are on the expensive side, but I guess there is a reason behind it. You will be in contact with a teaching assistant, and she will help you in clearing your weekly assignments and with general questions.The content is... Read More fine. I did the Marketing Analysis course, and the content is fine. Intensely focused on current practices, and that will bring you ideas to apply to your current job or to get an entry-level position in the industry. You will know the jargon and the tools for sure.Besides the course price, the major flaw lies still in the Forums. As with any other MOOC, they are useless. If somebody ever fixes the forums, that will be an excellent addition for the MOOC community.Read Less",udacity
"During my participation in the nano degree, I got introduced to various domains of this field. The lectures were structured very well with right mix of practical vs theoretical. During the lectures, the small quizzes help me asses my understanding and... Read More focus my efforts.The mini projects of this course were demanding but were structured in a way that enabled the scope of work.Read Less",udacity
"I’ve taken React, won Google scholarship Web development nanodegree and taken iOS Nanodegree but did only first part as the content was very outdated for iOS development. But for everything else I can say only good, the projects were very interesting... Read More and challenging and did learn a lot.Read Less",udacity
"My experience with Udacity was great , Course was organized well it starts from beginning so even without known programing we can start this course.Also Plus learning course topic we have to complete android Projects which help us to practice what we... Read More learned .Read Less",udacity
It will serve as a very good introductory set of courses to start you off this path. The course setup is really good and the TAs are helpful. You will get some real world skills from completing the projects. I actually got an software engineer intern... Read More at a local company mostly thanks to the projects from this Nanodegree. But don't think of this Nanodegree as the golden key to major companies like FLAG. It's still too lightweight for that. You need to study a lot more and finish your own projects to really dive into this area.Read Less,udacity
It's amazing that something this comprehensive and detailed is offered for free when many other courses go for a high price tag.The cources are well structured and the content is easy to follow But it needs some updating because a lot has changed recently.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
"Udacity is the best place to learn Deep Learning. I belongs to a middle class family, money is not a easy thing. So I tried every AI platform for learning. Some platforms are theory focussed, some are hands-on but no guide or help. But Udacity provides... Read More everything - theory with hands-on, a mentor, slack community, forums, No worries of GPU (they have in-built feature in Udacity), weekly sessions with tech people. That's why i choose Udacity. It has been a great experience.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is agreat learning platform, course materials were great too. support team doing good with large learners community. It was nice experience overall.I think some real life project shall be added to make that experience even better.I enjoyed learning... Read More through udacity and i advice people to use it.Read Less",udacity
"Whether you are new or seasoned professional on tech field, Udacity has something to get you up to speed on your specific area of interest. For me, the Machine Learning Engineer program was a great way to get me introduced to the foundation of Machine... Read More Learning concepts and applications. When I took it, some of the video courses were the same one as Georgia tech master program, taught by some of the expert in the ML field. The project based approach was valuable in making sure we learn and understand each topic. The teaching assistants were knowledgeable and helpful. It was a great experience overall.Read Less",udacity
"Here the bright spots that I learned:I learned about Accessibility, OOP JS techniques, closures, the ""this"" keyword, Testing tools and the new ES6 specification. I learned also how to use APIs to fetch data for the applications, How to use the Git version... Read More control system and how to build offline capable websites. Finally I learned about the power of the React UI library.The pros of the nanodegree so great. Like projects, mentorship, career coach and community.Here you can find all Nanodegree's projects:Animal Trading CardsPixel Art MakerPortfolioMemory Game ProjectArcade Game ProjectFeed Reader TestingRestaurant Reviews AppMyReads A Book Tracking AppTousism App ( Using ReactJs library and MapApi)Read Less",udacity
"Had a great experience with the udacity curriculum (Android programming). The videos are concise and clear, I learned the fundamentals, and building apps helped reinforce my learning. There was plenty of support, but still find it difficult to communicate... Read More clearly through chat and email, not to mention slower. I am very much find getting help in person much easier, if there is a way to either get closer to that through video chat or collaboration with nearby colleges that would helpRead Less",udacity
"Overall Udacity, serving out the wonderful teaching for absolute beginners; but students should able to study those lessons within that particular time for following the time table. And i'm successfully completed my program within scheduled time. Here,... Read More we have the great community to clear doubts about the learning path and problems by the Mentors (Alumni and working Persons). After completing this program , I've the solid knowledge about the Front End Web Developing Field.Read Less",udacity
"Just to clarify: the drop down menu didn’t give me the option to select the course I actually did. This is a review for the Business Analytics nanodegree through Udacity. I appreciated the Business Analytics Nanodegree through Udacity for giving a clear... Read More overview of the basic concepts. However, I felt like it could have gone into greater depth, especially with Excel which is such a critical tool. I also felt like the design videos in the data visualization section didn’t explain much that we didn’t already learn in earlier parts, except the importance of not overloading on design elements. Having said all of that, I’m now fairly confident with the basics of data analytics for business, a topic I knew absolutely nothing about before taking the course. I just feel like it might be slightly overvalued given how entry level a lot of the material seems. Haven’t really used the job support functions, but it seems like they’re decently built out, hence the 3 star rating.Read Less",udacity
"There are numerous reasons I can recommend Udacity from my personal experience. When I decided to change careers from teaching music at a university to something in technology, I spent about 4 months exploring various directions and possibilities, taking... Read More many free ""classes"" online, and working through all the free tutorials I could find. I eventually did a free intro course on Udacity and it was immediately clear that the quality of instruction was a step above other free sources. As I learned more about Udacities Nanodegrees, I became increasingly interested. Ultimately I decided to register for the Android Developer Nanodegree with Job Guarantee.Udacity is not cheap, but it is not the most expensive course around, either. I was attracted to the pricing structure, too. It is a monthly fee, but everything is self-paced. So the harder you work, the less it costs. During my work on the degree, some of the things I thought were great include:Human Graders! I'd done numerous courses with only automatic grading. That works to an extent, but certainly as things get more complicated, there is no substitute for receiving grades and COMMENTS from an actual human who really knows what they are talking about.Mentor Meetings: All Udacity students can schedule time with an actual person to go over anything needed. Though I didn't personally take advantage of this very often, the times I did were lifesavers. For someone not as accustomed to online learning, I can imagine these meetings would absolute necessities.Career Services: Having worked for 15 years in academia, the job search aspect of my prospective career change was quite daunting. It is an entirely different process applying for jobs in the ""real world"". Even just creating a resume was, for me, a brand new learning experience. Because I actually got a job very quickly after finishing my Nanodegree, I did not end up using all of the career and job search services Udacity provides. But I'm certain I would not have gotten the job I did without the help I did receive from Udacity's career counselors.I cannot recommend Udacity strongly enough.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity Nanodegree Design Sprint is an amazing course. Most important thing for me was the hands on way. Every chapter you need to send a piece of work that is reviewed by specialists and feedback is provided, so you can understand and adjust your job... Read More according to the feedback.Read Less",udacity
"There are only pros of attained Udacity programs. First of all, the courses are online and always available for the students. You can sit any part of the world and study. Secondly, there is enough material posted to get you started on programming and... Read More at affordable price. Thirdly, they also provide information about placements in companies and groom the candidates.Read Less",udacity
"I had a great time at Udacity, enrolling was a decision I won’t regret. Before enrolling I had tried to self teach a lot of the front end aspects of coding and while I made some progress I definitely struggled to put it properly into anything project... Read More wise. After looking at some other courses I kept getting drawn back to Udacity because of the stellar reviews and after speaking to support team I was sure I was making the right decision. The experience was well-designed with the lessons very informative and well-paced so that even though its an intense learning experience you never feel out of your depth. The mentors are what really make the course, always willing to help and patient when talking through some of the more challenging aspects. At the end of it you really feel like a member of a community. The 6 months at Udacity were great fun and I feel ready to enter the tech workplace.Read Less",udacity
"I have finished the Mobile web Nanodegree program offered by Udacity, it was very useful especially the projects which put students in a similar situation as in the professional one, also it provides you a mentor who can help in explaining any question... Read More related to the program, and beside that the covered subjects are the most updated ones from pioneers in the their fields (in my case was Google).Read Less",udacity
"I've had the opportunity to take Udacity's Front End Web Developer Nanodegree. First of all, I got amazed with Udacity's mentorship style. I never saw it in any other online course that I've taken in my life. This made my whole journey within the course... Read More way more exciting. In addition to that, Udacity created a great community, from current students to alums and mentors. This makes learning meaningful in a sense that we, as students, are able to link everything we learn to real events during the course, making it easier to remember things in the future. After finishing the course, I had a seven-project portfolio and real opportunities right in front of me. The one that I chose was being a Udacity mentor in the course I graduated from. As a mentor I started to look up to Udacity even more because I was able to watch how they care about their students, from the inside.Read Less",udacity
"Attending the Data Analyst Nanodegree was a great experience. I could immediately apply what I was learning into my day-to-day tasks, which made more productive and effective. However, I expected more from the tutors and project reviewers. Overall, I... Read More recommend it.Read Less",udacity
"I did the Udacity nano degree for Mobile Web Specialist, the course was very didactic, the videos were entertaining and made me understand the purpose and technologies behind the code libraries, many resources big community. I loved the active community... Read More during the Google scholarship, it was vibrant and you could get any doubts cleared up easily and even learn more from the classmates. The experience was highly positive for me.Read Less",udacity
"New multi-year program of work has started and a new team is forming. A great team consists of members with ""T-bar"" skills - broad knowledge / skills across many technologies, deep in 1. If you are interested in 1 tech area that also is missing from this... Read More loose new forming team, then Udacity is very likely to have that course ready to go. This lets you add lots of value to the teams work goal while improving your own T-bar skills.Of course there are times when you simply want to stretch yourself and take on a cutting edge field of study. Udacity has got you covered there as well.What I also love about Udacity is the many free, supporting courses they offer as you often need to brush up in some pre-requisite area of knowledge for your latest course.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: Brand, tight deadlines, yes some flexibility, coding environment available, mentors, some projects are available to be googled Cons: some lectures are too shallow while some are too deep, student community is not developed, collaboration is minimal... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"The program was just exactly what I needed. As a software engineer who was just looking to explore the data engineering side of things, I didn't need any noise or unnecessary complexities, those will come when I actually get on the Job. I just needed... Read More something to get me started and to have enough muscle such that I know where to look when I have projects. Udacity did just that for me. The only con is that I was hoping to see Apache Kafka as one of the modules, that was not there so I was a bit disappointed, but apart from that it was a good experience for meRead Less",udacity
"I never knew that creating modern and functional websites would be taking me this short until I discovered Udacity. After graduating from a granted full scholarship by Google in a Front-End Web Development nanodegree program, everything changed positively!... Read More Udacity has rich programs and talented instructors who trained you until you reach your full potential. Requiring that all the submitted projects must meet all the requirements on time in order to graduate is the best thing I liked about Udacity. That said, If I have to, I would go back and learn new skills at Udacity as they have never been disappointment to me.Read Less",udacity
"I have loved every minute of my Full stack web developer nanodegree, I learned a lot of stuff about web development that would have taken a lot more time to do on my own without Udacity and now I'm half way through the React nanodegree and I'm loving... Read More every minute of it too! I love that they have actual projects that help you apply what you learn from the videos and articles and also that you can go through them at your own pace and online! I would definitely recommend Udacity to everyone I know that would need a place to study new tech subjects and be really good at them and find a job just right after you finish your nanodegree.I know for sure that the React nanodegree would not be my last I will keep learning and I'll always look for new nanodegrees to join!Read Less",udacity
"i really enjoyed Udacity courses, a father ...and full time employee ... Udacity provided me with the flexibility to take the course and completed it on my base; their have a good balance they don't give you open time leading you to loss the track ...... Read More but not tight that you can't do the tasks ... they provide you with a wide controlled window to do all the task.one good thing ... is the projects at the end of each chapter ... wonderful ... ensure that you get the theory &amp; practice knowledge together.i would like to hilight that the quality of their instructores are very good ... deliver the material in an attrctive manner ...really i see that Udacity is not only changing the online courses ... but changing the whole education styleRead Less",udacity
"I have been a part of Udacity Student Alumni and an active student for about 3 years now. It started with free course in Android Basic application programming and I am currently enrolled in Deep Learning Nanodegree. Below are the list of Pros and Cons... Read More of Udacity.Pros:1. All the courses have been designed with collaboration with top organistaions in that technology e.g. Google for Android, KPIT/Mercedes for Self Driving Car, etc. This gives the edge of practical applications of the course material.2. The whole course material is divided into broader topic modules and each topic modules have been divided into 5-10 minutes long video helping students to get proper grasp of the topic without being oversaturated.3. The courses are filled with interim quizzes and excersises immediately after short topics which enables the knowledge gained through the video is immediately engraved by practice.4. Udacity has a large forum students and mentors to discuss a doubt and related topics5. Udacity provides Career Services which covers the non-technical aspects like Resume, cover letter writing, Linkedin and GIT Hub profile grooming to land interviews.6. 1 to 1 mentor support service to help student on a personally customed learning plan.7. No compromise in code reviews and best practices followed in development. Cons:1. The courses are a bit high priced, specifically college students, low earning interns/professionals.2. Change of course fees from a total fee to monthly subscription which increased the overall cost by 20-30 percent.3. Discontinutation of Slack mentorship decreased the level of student and metor interaction.4. A bit lagging in course materials upgradation, as per personal experiece in Android Application Programming, the networking module was oudated and needed renewal.5. The overall catalogue item page for courses needs tweaks in searching algorithm as some times the courses do not appear correctly after selecting the filters.6. Discontinuation of Udacity Propel (Job fair) is discouraging and disheartening, it was one of the key features that spereates Udacity from other MOOCs.Overall it still is a great platform to learn and needs major improvements in the pricing of courses.Read Less",udacity
"Keep learning, That I am always says, and Udacity says. I got a scholarship from Udacity to become Android Developer , Then I took AI course, It was amazing learning journey, I got a lot of experience, I can not describe it in some words, Perfect lessons,... Read More Perfect forum, Perfect Slack Group, Perfect Mentors. I really gain more experience from Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"I completed 3 courses with udacity and planning to start my 4th. Since I am a computer science student, I continuously search for tech- related videos, articles, courses..etc, and as we live in the 4th industrial revolution era, it is really important... Read More for us to keep up with all of these trending technologies. Udacity offers a wide range of tech related courses and nano-degrees , which I find super simple and interactive, and straight to the point. and not to forget to mention that Udacity has such a great support team that is always there if you re stuck somewhere, so there is definitely no excuse to not complete a Udacity nano degree!Read Less",udacity
"The course material is made by professionals in the field and is often updated. Udacity prepares you for the real problems you will encounter on the job. The community is also great, everyone being very helpful. You can find most of the answers on the... Read More forums or on slack.Read Less",udacity
They have many kinds of programs free and also paid Nanodegrees. Nanodegree cannot be compared or used as a bachelors degree but it shows your efforts and skill.Pros:Well interactive classes. Well structured courses. Mentorship is a great experience.... Read More All courses have a starting point from very basics. The tasks also help take the understanding next level. They have inbuilt code editor and also checker to check the answers and provide feedback. Their is main project to the Nanodegree course which is also reviewed by a professional mentor. They also have mobile application. Many free basics courses. Cons:The fees is little expensive. The degree courses sometimes are divided into parts each having it's cost.Read Less,udacity
"Hi everyone,My experience with udacity was not so good not so bad. Sincerely i don't know about Udacity when i joined my college. I was unaware of of online teaching. At first, it was like they are making money without teaching, all i was thinking there... Read More should be a mentor next to you, when u stuck in something u seek help from them among friends and all. Then my friends started course from udacity, they get to know something which was really new and interesting, telling me about their experience. Then i started a course which is very basic and easy, also price was economic. It was really good, easy to learn things on the go, get to know something which is new in market, study in digital means was a new experience to me. Although i learnt many things from them, that helped to getting a new experience with good job opportunity and they are having a good mentor whcih tells everything about the doubts u have, solving problems or either u can start teaching with udacity.overall it's always a good and great experience for me.Read Less",udacity
"I've always wanted to develop my own Android applications ever since I got my first Android phone. By enlisting on Udacity Android Basics Nanodegree, I have fulfilled that goal, and honestly, I feel like there is no application I can't develop! I can't... Read More stress enough how smooth and enjoyable the learning experience was, with helpful and available monitors tutoring me along the full course. It's definitely worth!Read Less",udacity
"This program requires accountability on yourself. Having a hard deadline at the end required made me procrastinate to the very end. If each project had a hard deadline, I feel as though I would stay on top of things more. Being able to use Jupyter notebooks... Read More within the web page was convenient. I do wish you could download lectures for times without internet.Read Less",udacity
"I followed and gratuaded from the Front-End Developer Nanodegree Program at Udacity. It´s an amazing program: I learned from the best, with really good materials (videoclasses, case studies, articles and most importantly: live support from mentors and... Read More instructor). I strongly recommend this program.Read Less",udacity
"I should be reviewing the course from materials perspective and how organized and deep this course was ""which is true for sure"" whoever i finished the front-end nano-degree and now i'm a UX designer so am not here to talk about the science but about the... Read More six months of learning how to learn, how to be adhere to time and effort on daily bases for six month ""while i was still in college and working as a full time customer support"" it was the real challenge and the output that am really proud of is how this diploma trained me to multi-task and commit to ethics and deal in a professional way ""especially that i got this diploma as fund from the government and udacity with condition that am going to pay the whole course price if i fail which obviously i couldn't afford in this time"" so at the end this diploma with this very hard situation made me a more professional, productive, self independent person who can ""literally"" work under pressureRead Less",udacity
"I signed up for an artificial intelligence course with Python with the aim of getting basic backgrounds and tools because I want to get into the field of development. I have done a number of online courses in the past and my expectation was for a course... Read More where I could learn the basics and then move on. Once I started the course I realized that I was in a completely different league. Not only was the course rich in lectures by amazing and engaging lecturers, there were also extensive exercises and assignments that helped greatly in understanding the material.I can say that this course was so good that after a year I took a machine learning course at university and almost never had to study it. The explanations of the algorithms and back propagation were visually and unusually understandable. I don't think there's a way to learn about these topics through textbooks.I highly recommend this nanodegree for anyone who wants a comprehensive course on Python programming and artificial intelligence. There really is nothing else to look for.Read Less",udacity
"I was honored to get a Data Science course at Udacity which enhanced my knowledge and experience. I'm hoping to continue as they have great materials and instructors which worth spending time to learn favorite subjects. For those who are looking for online... Read More courses, I guarantee they will enjoy and experience amazing source of learning.Read Less",udacity
The course content is rich and easy to understand. The assignments are also very interesting to do. The course doesn't goes much deep but it gets succeeds to push you into the field and gets you the resources to start with. The assignments get you started... Read More on real world problems and it feels good to solve the questions and make a working system.Read Less,udacity
"at first, Thanks to Allah then Udacity, helping me to find my inspiration with web development , and being Front-end web developer, I applied for Udacity from a grant NTL formed by ministry of technology and communication, I applied for Front-end web... Read More development nano degree, and that was the first Courses got online, and I was fear from not completing this nano degree at first, by actually I found people who help me and support me to the end, then Udacity gave me lots opportunities too, like reviewer and mentor as well, and finally, I recommend Udacity nano degrees for anyone wanna be a man, with a good Instructors, with a fair Reviewers, with a Mentor as a guide for your life, challenges, or any thing else related to your nano degree! Best wishes!Read Less",udacity
"pros with udacity : they are - professional : there are partnership with firms and you can see jobs and teachers come from these firms- available : when there is a problem, i have an answer rapidly in 1 hour or 1 day - very nice : they are always nice,... Read More very respectful for customers...- lessons very clear, in the real world no blabla...: all lessons are very clear organized with bibliography, templates excel, word and you can save your video, so you can watch your video at homcons : i don t seeRead Less",udacity
"One of the biggest pros of Udacity Nanodegree is that they make you feel big, think big. After starting the curriculum, one feels he is doing something big knowing he is being taught by industry leaders. Mine story is also the same, Back then, I was a... Read More UG student from India and the city where I live is still growing in IT field. Students were getting discouraged by boring academics and dull surroundings. They were getting fooled by private coaching institutions. But then I got the chance to get enrolled in Udacity Front end Nanodegree where I came to know about various technologies I haven't heard about and didn't know things can get done others ways also. Most importantly it boosted my self esteem and made me believe I can do things which people around me can't do. I learnt JS like a pro because of Udacity. Even now where I work, people around me don't know about DOM interfaces, event phases and so many basic things. People write wrong code(imperative) in React and I correct them. After graduating from Udacity's Nanodegree I have learnt so many technologies on my own like Nodejs, Electron, React Native, Dev-Ops. All of them were possible because of base created by Nanodegree. It makes me wonder what I was an year ago when I was not able to find motivation to learn a programming language and now they have taught me:""How to learn""Read Less",udacity
"I had taken Deep Learning nanodegree course from UdacityPros:It does a really great job at explaining Deep learning fundamentals ranging from basics to Image classification and also advanced DL models such as Generative Adversarial Networks, etc.You learn... Read More a lot of things, which you can say is the core knowledge base required for a ML engineer. This course other than providing great content, has great Jupyter notebooks which helps you learn how to thinnk and built solutions for a given problem and i had find that very useful. Feedback from mentors, is a useful thing to have.Also not to forget, Udacity has a really good free Data Science interview course which helps as well, if you are preparing for an interview.Cons:Bit expensive compared to Coursera, if you are tight on budgetRead Less",udacity
I completed the Udacity program 'intro to programming' in effort to help gain a baseline understanding of OOP language concepts. After finishing the course not only did I gain what I wanted but also peaked an interest to do more of it. Udacity gave me... Read More exceptional building blocks to help jump start my career in engineering.Read Less,udacity
"I attended Udacity's Front End Nanodegree Program in 2018.The overall experience in the course was really nice. The content is well structured and developed. It also helps that the course has theory, quizzes, and videos, which is good for multiple learning... Read More styles. The projects are very interesting and fun to do! You get to be reviewed by a more experienced developer and the feedback you get is very thorough and helpful so you know if what you have learned is solid.What could be improved? 1. The course was outdated. I took this course in mid 2018 and there were some important subjects that are related to Front-End Development that were not covered. Tools like webpack, React, or subjects like deployment, hosting, basic UI/UX, CSS Grid and Sass were not included, which are essential for modern day front-end development.2. When you got to a new module, it was totally disconnected from the content developed in the previous module. It sometimes felt that each module was its own course and they were just put together for the nanodegree instead of each one being developed specifically for it.3. Price: Although the quality is very good, Udacity remains a bit pricey. There are very good alternatives that use a subscription method in which you have access to a wide variety of courses by just paying a single fee.Read Less",udacity
"Good choice for career improvement. This program provided me knowledge over a lot of very important subjects related to the field (Statistics, Data Wrangling, Exploratory Data Analysis, Machine Learning, Data Visualization, and others) by going through... Read More each of them in a very good pace, for starters or mid-level people.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity certainly served me right. Their Data Analytics program changed the trajectory of my entire life, and that's not even exaggerating. After completing the program, I was so enthralled with the material that I went back to school for a Masters in... Read More Computer Science. The only regret is that it wasn't enough on it's own to launch me into a new position.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity have the rich material which can a scholar completely job ready. The tools and technique used by udacity is just awesome, the way mentors use to teach is mind bursting and the content offered by them is very much upto the mark which can make you... Read More land at a decent paying job. The mentors are usually the idustry experts who can share their experience as well.Read Less",udacity
"After five years in digital security B2B sales, I pursued a career change to Digital Marketing. I wanted to learn from the ground up so I purposely took a lower-level job on the operations side with the goal to transition back to the account side eventually.... Read More Overall, I thought this was a good choice, but even after 3+ years, I was missing so much industry background and context other co-workers had. Enter Udacity - I took Udacity's Digital Marketing Nano-degree and completed the course on time. Many of the sections I will not use from an operations point in my career, however, the context of how my clients and partners may plan for and use email, search, social and display channels has helped me be more comfortable to make recommendations and take on a leadership role. I ended up transitioning back to the account side about 6 months after taking this course and I consider this course to be exactly as advertised.Read Less",udacity
"While on full-time job, you just want to learn fast and get it over with. Many online courses are in-depth but too long, others are quick but you actually didn't learn anything. Udacity struck that balance in speed and depth when I was learning more about... Read More data, i.e. analysing and manipulating with SQL and Tableau.Read Less",udacity
"As a self-taught programmer, I found Udacity is very well in teaching programming concepts for a starter. They take you by hand and lead you to the right path. I took ""Android Basics"" and ""Android Developer"" Nanodegrees. Both are great they shift you... Read More to be real Android Developer.With Udacity you will learn the ability to search for a solution by yourself, which benefit you to learn how to read documentation, googling for a solution, reading sections of books, taking another short-courses.I didn't like one thing which is their contents are a little behind (just a little) and updated slowly. But, when you are graduated this will not be an issue for you at all.Read Less",udacity
"Thanks to this course I was able to crack deep learning hackatons. Even I went a step further to teach my colleagues about this certificate. But I didn't knew at this hard times in Bengaluru I could complete the course. The best thing is alumni these... Read More guys that they have, they share lot of the knowledge. Due to Udacity I have kept my github and medium profile very nicely.Thank you UdacityRead Less",udacity
"I did two nanodegrees programs (Machine Learning and Self-driving Cars Engineer) and I had a very good experience with Udacity. These two courses helped me to change my career and I got a job in the robotics area. These courses were my first step.A little... Read More bit about my history: Almost 3 years ago I was finishing an Electrical Engineering Course I already realized years before that I did not like the course. Besides that, the market in Brazil was (and still is) no good due to the economic crisis for the traditional engineering positions. I liked programming and I wanted to change my career. I started study machine learning and after a few weeks, I discovered the Udacity nanodegree course. I thought that it would be a good idea doing a course focusing on real relevant projects and that someone could review my project, giving me good feedbacks. The Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree was very good and I decided to invest in a new course with a very hot topic: The Self Driving Engineer Nanodegree. It was more difficult than the Machine Learning course but I could pass through it with several hours of dedication. In the final of the course a Reseach Institute in my city opened a few positions of Robotics/Software Engineers and I got the position months later. Today I am a Robotics Engineer working on a project to develop an autonomous underwater robot to inspection ships.Read Less",udacity
"I'm on my second nano-degree, and I love it, the size of the lessons and the gradual difficulty are perfectly balances,The classes are available 24H on your own schedule, I strictly recommend everyone to give it a try,you can start with a free class and... Read More then move on to your next skills / career.Read Less",udacity
"With the Udacity Front-end nano degree, my coding level took a huge leap forward from beginner to intermediate level. It took me a full 8 month and all my vacation days to finish the curriculum while working at the same time. But the efforts paid off,... Read More I managed to have different job offers and could choose in which company to work for and found one where I really love what I do.Read Less",udacity
"machine learning engineer program is the most useful program I attended in Udacity.All the projects are very practical and logical, I learned a lot of real world tips and meet a lot of friends who have the same interests.Especially the final kaggle project,... Read More I finally reached top 6% in Kaggle project.Read Less",udacity
"This is a great program to start dipping your toes in the water when you want to start a new field, however it is not as ""job ready"" as I would have liked.I learnt a great deal about the basic but I wished that sometimes they went into more detail or... Read More gave more solid/complete explanations.Overall I'm happy to have done it because it was a great initial step to take before attending classes at the University, it was useful to have some previous basic idea before I started the classes.Read Less",udacity
pros udacity1. Best practical content2. Best project3. Best project feedback and support4. Best Instructor5. Provide Scholarship Challenge to get Nanodegree6. Certification is high in demandcons udacity1. Costly2. Timeline Project Schedule3. Not suitable... Read More for office personRead Less,udacity
"Hi, My name is Wiktor.I have successfully gradated two Nanodegrees, Android Basic and Android Developer.Quickly found job as Junior Android Developer. After 6 months I have join to Huawei company as Android Developer.Currently I am highly recommend the... Read More Udacity courses.Best,Wiktor KalinowskiRead Less",udacity
"I graduated from Udacity's Data Analyst (now broken into two programs - Python for Data Science and Data Analyst) and Machine Learning Engineer nanodegree programs. Pros - Extremely important knowledge that I wish I had learned earlier in my career. -... Read More Machine learning engineering is an extremely in-demand skill, which I have applied immediately in my new career. Cons - Sometimes videos could be long and boring, making it difficult to pay attention for long stretches. - The final projects at the end of each section often introduced new requirements/concepts that were not taught during the preceding course, mainly because they were not related to the subject matter at hand but were rather requirements to use the command line or use other coding techniques.Read Less",udacity
This program changed my life I started if with no prior experience in programming or computer science in general and ended up working as a java developer. I learned a lot of computer science concepts and gained experience in finding the needed information... Read More by myself.Read Less,udacity
"My experience with Udacity have been amazing! I'm so happy I pushed myself through and made it all the way! Learned so much and grew so much both professionally and personally. The programme challenged me to my limits, opened a door to a new world! Thank... Read More you!Read Less",udacity
"I always grateful to share the review about udacity courses to everyone in my Connections, how udacity android developer nanodegree course help me to be beginner to expert in android app development. Let's talk about the course details in a course all... Read More the instructor are industry expert they know how the real time problems solved in an organization.In course they started very basics of android and ended up on the advance.So through this course help me to change an organization and position.So i will suggest everyone who wants to be problem solver through technology udacity is better place to start learning tech part.Read Less",udacity
"I was a little apprehensive about how much I would learn from the front-end web developer nanodegree program.After diving in I learned so much about a variety of topics that I had little-to-no experience in. From using developer tools to achieve 60 FPS... Read More animations, to interacting with APIs to consume data from other sources - it was all very enlightening. I would not hesitate to use Udacity again to learn something new.Read Less",udacity
"Two years ago I was just a driver with no IT education and no experience. IT was just a hobby, but Udacity made me work for a large IT company.Professional courses that prepare you for real work. I sincerely recommend for anyone who has no education and... Read More thinks seriously about working in IT.Read Less",udacity
"It was an amazing experience to live the adventure of knowledge with Udacity. I have opened my mind and for sure created a sea of opportunities including a product developed by myself that is responsible for my growth in a new career. I was accountant... Read More and after 42 years old I change my whole life and tried a new world in data science. For sure it was an honor to be graduated at Udacity. I felt so much they are no more in Brazil. Thank you very much, I gave the first step to change my life and you gave me a key to open new doors.Read Less",udacity
I have been studying computer science and hence had taken class on HTML and CSS before joining this program.Never have I loved Javascript and values front end work like I do after attending this nanodegree.It also gave me credibility and confidence to... Read More teach freshmens in my college. Cons since the program is does not have hard deadlines sometimes I used to procrastinate while in between projects but it also allowed me to be flexible.I also loved the energy from other students on our chat groups.Read Less,udacity
"The curriculum is very rigorous and you have to put in the effort if you want to do well and actually learn the content well. On top of that, mentors are always helpful and projects are always graded promptly. I would definitely recommend audacity to... Read More anyone who is serious about picking up a hard skill.Read Less",udacity
"Great course, very useful, helps with career progression, the course is constantly being improved. Besides, it is suitable for people with little background. The only negative is that you don’t get to meet the Stanford professors in reality. However,... Read More would recommend this course to many people.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity nanodegree is very expensice for me, but it worth.1. I studied the basics of C++ and learned about some library.2. The lessones concentrate on the use of library such as vector, list. In my opinion, Udacity don't talk about other data strucure.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I really will be grateful to Udacity forever. I was enrolled in Front-end Nanodegree and the lessons which I had there will stuck in my head like forever, Udacity instructors and content developers have a way to teach their students very efficiently and... Read More effectively. Also the community of the Nanodegree was amazing, very nice and helpful people from all over the world, I really enjoyed talking to them on slack or in our forum, these moments became a good memories in my mind, sometimes I wish I have them back. The code review was very supportive and friendly and it pushed me towards, it was very motivated. The curriculum is well prepared covering both sides theory and practice and everything puts perfectly. Maybe I'm a little bit emotional in taking about my experience with Udacity but that's the point, the whole experience touched my feelings so it will stuck in my head forever.Read Less",udacity
"This program helped me change careers into web dev. The projects were the most worthwhile part, though the reviewers’ feedback was inconsistent. Some course material was outdated but still a good foundation. I did not find the slack chat very helpful,... Read More but some people in my program loved it. If I didn’t have a mentor outside the program to talk through challenges, help me understand difficult concepts, and work through solutions, I don’t think my experience would have been as successful as it was. Note: I received a scholarship for the program. For someone looking to change careers, I don’t think I would recommend this program, but it might be a good introduction for someone trying to decide if they want to pursue web development.Read Less",udacity
"This platform has been a huger help for me to cope up with the enormous requirements my employers insist upon, such as python and machine learning. This place has great content and has some of the most up-to-date content anywhere else, coming straight... Read More from the experts in the fields. It is also designed to be understood by someone with absolutely no experience in the field, such as me. Finding courses amongst its vast array of content is also easy and intuitive, and is also providing these courses which are both free and not free, with not much hiding behind paywalls, just a few exercises and some other quality-of-life features. But this is some of the best content I found online and extremely convenient for me as I do find quality content for free on the site. In summary, this place is the go-to website for anyone looking for the best teaching content online.Read Less",udacity
"It started with an invitation to submit an application for scholarship for Mobile Web Specialist program by Google. I submitted an application and got enrolled in an initial program. I completed it successfully and got free invitation to the actual specialist... Read More program. Even though I hesitated initially to complete the initial program, later I realized I did the right thing, because the actual specialist program was beyond my expectation. The quality of the lessons was very good especially given the fact that they were taught directly by faculty from Google! The assignments were insightful. The projects were tough but at the same time completing them made me grasp the concepts very clearly. Overall the experience was very positive given the quality of the lessons, the user interface of udacity.com and last but not the least the student and mentor forums.Read Less",udacity
I would say the platform and curriculum udacity has done for students is quite amazing and students are assigned mentors to monitor their progress throughout the nano degree program.Concepts have been pretty much clear and matches with the current Technology.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
The greatest advantage i had learning from Udacity was the flexibility to learn on my own pace and also to understand the course contents because they were simplified to the simplest bit by the instructors. I could easily go back to each module to re... Read More learn and understand course contents.My learning experience was interactive and my course mates and mentors are always ready to help if you hit any road block.Leaning with Udacity platform has been one my smartest career decision. Now i can successful develop my own Android application because the learning curriculum are project base which require all students to build their own project as they learn.Thank you Udacity :)Read Less,udacity
"I was part of the Google/Udacity Scholarship Programme for Android and Mobile Web Specialists and the skills i learnt have taken me up from web development to progressive web app development, a key requirement for developing solutions that can work in... Read More low resourced areas mostly in the developing world or rural/remote communities. So a big thank you to Udacity for affording me this opportunity and for helping upskill me.Read Less",udacity
"Unlike other online courses, I found Udacity to be more personal, in the sense that you actually get a more detailed feedback on the course assignments, along with assistants to quickly answer your questions. It has been the best online course experience... Read More I have had so far. That being said, I do think there is a lot of room for improvement. One thing I think would enhance the course assignments is to have a somewhat free topic final project, where students can propose and try to implement their own ideas (if judged fitting for course) and have the assistants give feedback on their development. That way, one can approach real world applications of their liking and really try to implement their solutions from scratch, without any starting code, just like they would after the course, only with help from the assistants.Read Less",udacity
"This is probably the best online course I've ever taken.Udacity has very well-defined learning processes which make their courses flow smoothly, enabling students to learn step by step. It is also worth noting the help from mentors, the webinars and all... Read More the support you get from the management team.Read Less",udacity
"I’m not sure there are cons attending any courses in this platform, but I do know that I have learned a great deal of information about coding, and how to start your on journey to better yourself. I have attended one course but I’m looking forward to... Read More join more of them, as I am very sure that they will have a great impact on my future carrier or hoppy.Read Less",udacity
"Amazing programme, amazing syllabus, learned very much. The knowledge is highly applicable in my job as a Data Scientist. Would recommend this for everyone. The best thing is that Udacity reacts to user feedback and improves continuously, thus the course... Read More you will take has been updated numerous times according to the user feedback.:)Read Less",udacity
"In the beginning I had some doubts if an online course could really be satisfying but Udacity convinced me from the first day! My first course was one of the many free courses before I started my first Nano Degree and the expirence in both were exciting.... Read More Really great learning Materials, videos and tutors! Every project gets its own review with special hints and tips to get even better. I can just recommend it to everyone, exspecially if you have limited time or need to be flexible. I will definitively join many more courses!Read Less",udacity
I came across udacity in my first year of college and I have completed 2 nano-degrees from udacity. One of which is for Android App Development and other is of Machine Learning. Pros :Projects! Udacity projects are great and are worthwhile which lets... Read More you showcase your work and skills. I got an internship offer just because I showcased those projects we made.From the Basics. All the topics are covered from basics which makes it easy for a student to learn and understand the concepts throughly. Small Videos. There are small 2 - 5 minute video covering each sub-topics. Which acts like a small milestones we cover while going through the course.Quizzes. There are quizzes in between the videos which not only makes the course more interactive but also gives a student to apply his own mind and there is less spoon feeding.Cons :A little less technical as one might expect. As one moves from basic courses to advance. The level and pace of the course should also move up. But this doesn't happen which might make the course monotonous. This is not a deal breaker though if you like being explained everything every time.Read Less,udacity
"The pros highly outweigh the cons. The only shortcoming I'd say there is was the inability to ask questions in the lesson but that was rectified with the mentor I was assigned. The pros are that the course was very concise, fun, and made understandable.... Read More I could go on and on and on, but the gist here is that you get exactly what you expect to get and then a little more, which is great!Read Less",udacity
Hi I'm Mohamed Radwan Full stack web developerI take full stack web developer and mobile web specialist nano degrees they have a great info and teachers they make me love to learn new things and technology but in job market I didn't get any job recommendation... Read More from udacity and this make me a little bit frustratedRead Less,udacity
"I don't know how to put it best, but this is a really life changing experience. You can do this course without any prior knowledge about app development. Starting from the very basics this course takes you to advance concepts through highly interactive... Read More videos and quizzes. And projects and one-on-one mentorship are just a cherry on top.Read Less",udacity
I've completed both the 'Deep Learning' and 'Artificial intelligence with Python' nanodegrees and these courses allowed me to keep up with the most recent knowledge in Deep Learning via attractive lectures and real-life ready tasks to complete. The constantly... Read More available support from tutors is a remarkable asset of Udacity.Read Less,udacity
"Highly recommend the Udacity Mobile Web Development program for any web developer who wants be up to date. Paricipating in the program I learned a lot about PWAs (progressive web applications), new technologies and approaches to web development; it was... Read More another chance to practice and grow my skills in Javascript; with the reviews and community chats I got to interact with like minded people who helped me when I had difficulties and boosted my confidence to deal with challenges.Read Less",udacity
"The program was great as it provided me with the right path to dive into the field by teaching the basics but it would be better for me if more advanced lectures were provided. I love the way that the projects were going, which helped me a lot! Best thing... Read More about udacity nanodegrees are the mentors and project reviewers. You get to learn so much from themRead Less",udacity
"I started with basic HTML skills. A year later, I am already working as a Frontend developer. Udacity made my dream come true. Be prepared to work hard, learn and enjoy the journey and before you know, you feel empowered to work in tech. 100% recommended... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"After 12 years I decided to switch my career into programming, and I had no idea what to do but start checking on YouTube... Until I found Udacity and everything changed, I had the opportunity to get a real professional study, and I was able to start... Read More my career after, during the period of the nanodegree I was under a pressure because of the projects I have to deliver on due dates, which actually was good to force me not to waste time and do real studying, after a year from graduation now, I thank Udacity because they gave me a real opportunity to reach my dream and I am still reaching them for more help and coursesRead Less",udacity
"I took the AI programming with python and now im completing the Machine Learning nanodegree. I like how Udacity simplify the concepts then gradually adding detail. Furthermore, the practical sessions helped me in gaining confidence in working on other... Read More projects on my own. Mentors are great in providing support and project reviews always come back with extra bits on how to improve your codes and reading materials to expand your knowledge.Read Less",udacity
"I finished Programming for Data Science with Udacity and it was a great experience. Learning portal was super easy to use and reminded me every time I would forget to study. Additionally, each lesson was constructed in a way that was easy to follow and... Read More understand, thus easier to remember. I would definite recommend Udacity programs to learn something you never did before or something you wanna know more in depth. It boosts your skills instantly and its easy to fit even with a very busy schedule.Read Less",udacity
"I was enrolled in iOS Course with Udacity, Nothing to compare with Udacity specially the once held in STC Academy with MISK Foundation in Riyadh, They made us to be in touch with real developers in the Saudi market.and be ready to the market requirements.... Read More Thanks for all of them.Read Less",udacity
Great online platform! I can learn the basis about Android! Everything was fine :) Great support during the course and I can finish the course two weeks early! I can study using my free time after work without problems! And the price was a good one! Udacity... Read More try it! :)Read Less,udacity
"This was the first time I opted for the paid training program and didn't regret about it. The training was very knowledgeable, engaging and interesting that it worth more than what they charge. I feel very lucky to be a part of one of their courses and... Read More learned a lot about the domain I am actually interested in. From the style of delivering a lecture to the way the project is evaluated, everything seems to be perfect and well planned. I don't think anyone can compete against their well designed training in the next 5-10 years. It is like a benchmark for the other training institutes in the world.Read Less",udacity
"In this program i open my eyes in alot of things around me i did not care about them before, there was a help full audacity family there was helping us 24/7, but I was facing a problem with project submissions, but always advantages Win which are knowing... Read More people getting knowledge I learned how to be on time and many more , at the end I am ready to get more and more in learning tool.Read Less",udacity
"I took AI Nano degree with specialization, a six month course with 2 terms. The course was practical introduction to the field of machine learning, talking about trending topics in the field. They provided full experience including videos, mentor, code... Read More reviews and forum support. The overall learning experience was good; however, the cons they claim to provide job support which was not the case for none US resident.Read Less",udacity
"I think with this nanodegree I got everything I need to start programming machine and deep learning codes. The pros: 1. Excellent quality of the videos, good explanations. 2. Working space with GPU mode to run some code, it’s useful for deep learning.... Read More 3. There’s a mentor in case there are some issues. 4. It’s possible to chat with other students, what was useful when I faced some issues in the projects 5. 100 dollars in amazon credits ? 6. I ended one month before the deadline so I didn’t pay for the last month. So at the end it was not very expensive for me ? 7. Amazing extra videos with explanations about rnn, cnn and front end with flask and Plotly. They were Very useful for the projects, and I will definitely use the web application example in my work (I just need to adapt the examples to replace flask with chalice) The cons: I don’t have major remarks here. I would appreciate more examples with Sagemaker, it would be great to add some examples about elastic inference, spark and chalice (for the web application). And I think the report shouldn’t be that long (around 9 to 15 pages). Instead, other ways to document as used in the “real world” could be explained.Read Less",udacity
"On that course I have managed to learn the whole basics of Android Development. I started to learn Android before starting that course, but there was also a knowledge that helps you to prepare your app for publication and some little things that help... Read More you to make your app better for user experience. It is a good preparation for someone who want to start adventure with Android development and learn basics to get the first job.Read Less",udacity
Udacity nanodegree is very good and the best in market .First of all the I get to learn from experts in the field which help to known I to solve a problem when we stuck at it. The course curriculum was well design to make comfortable anyone who is new... Read More the field there were lots of quizzes which help a lot to learn and the most important and interesting part is the project which we build which helps to applies all the knowledge in one place . The project review is awesome which helps us to figure out mistakes and to follow best practice to write code.Read Less,udacity
My sister recommended me the university and I enrolled for some of the free courses. Looking at the quality of the course I signed up for a BA course which I was keen at. I had done my masters and had already done some of the subjects which Udacity had... Read More offered but the way it was taught at Udacity with tools and examples and best if all the exam it was amazing.I couldnt have ever believed that online course could be better than offline ones until I encountered Udacity .Read Less,udacity
"The nano degree in Android Development was out of date and very expensive I can not stop the training due to work load or vacation I have to pay always. To pause, there is a complicated procedure and I can pause only once for the nano degree. I learn... Read More of corse, but it was too much money, in YouTube there is free newer material (not structured but free) there are many topics on Android jetpack on YouTube but not in the official Google Nano Degree on this played traningRead Less",udacity
I completed the certification course on 'Programming for Data Science' in July 2019 and it was a great learning experience. The best part of the program is the way trainers communicate with the students. The methodology that the trainers follow is very... Read More structural and result oriented. Also the pace in which the concepts are taught is perfect. The program gives opportunity to do projects and a student cannot earn the certificate without the successful submission of the projects. This is a good thing because after doing projects I felt more confident with the concepts that I learnt. The projects that are submitted are reviewed and a constructive feedback is given that improves our overall learning. I recommend Udacity over any other e-learning platform.Read Less,udacity
"The Digital Marketing course was an outstanding learning experience, while I had been struggling for some time to find a global and the same time practical approach to the digital marketing. Udacity guided me step by step, through well illustrated and... Read More easy to understand lessons, at the end of which I could practice on real platforms and real life projects. For me as a beginner it was perfect, but I would need a second course to have a detailed approach to each one of the areas of the digital marketing. I can’t wait for a second, advanced course!Read Less",udacity
This program was very helpful for me specially with my graduation project i see it's almost good ineverything except monitoring the students maybe this is a major part that should be taken under consideration. More time to monitor and check with them.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
"I was in India when I finished my Android Nanodegree in 2017. Soon after I came to the US to pursue masters in Computer Science at University of Texas at Arlington. During that period I applied to several companies for summer internship. I worked at Apartment... Read More List on the mobile team in 2018. I graduated in 2019 and joined Kiddom in San Francisco as an Android Engineer. The Nanodegree program really helped me technically and also taught me how to sell myself as a software engineer. Pros: 1. The curriculum is developed by industry experts. In my case it was co created by Google. 2. The resume review was fantastic, I was new in the US with no connections. I got both my jobs without any referrals. 3. LinkedIn reviews helped me marketing myself as a software engineer. 4. The curriculum covered most of the things that a budding developer needs and had essential lessons in it. 5. The idea of having a capstone project enables you to think as an engineer. 6. The 1:1 chats helped me a lot. Especially with former Udacity VP Kathleen Mullaney, her advice on how to apply for jobs really helped me. Cons: 1. All code should be submitted with a control version, Udacity has a course on GitHub but I feel that is not enough. 2. The Job portal does not offer much. 3. Video calls can be added for 1 or 2 code reviews.Read Less",udacity
I really enjoyed the interactive learning. The way the class was structured was really good for my learning style. You learn a bite of new material and get to apply it right away. This hands-on approach really worked for me and helped me understand complex... Read More informationRead Less,udacity
Udacity is great place to learn new technologies and I highly recommend others to take programs as they explain every thing neat and detail.Only con is that if we take 2 or more programs of same kind of technology then there is high chance that you can... Read More have to study same thing againRead Less,udacity
The course was really a good one and helped me a lot in getting my first job. The tutors were well known of the subject and the explanation was very well given. I would suggest everyone who is interested in the ML to go and take up the course- Advance... Read More Machine Learning Nanodegree by Udacity.Read Less,udacity
The knowledge imparted is great. I really loved the method of teaching and the assignments were great. The feedback provided for assignments was fast and valuable. The down point is that the nanodegree have no relevance in the industry and not considered... Read More when applying for a job. There is no recognition for the nanodegree. Given the high cost I expected more. I would prefer the pricing and courses offered by Udemy as they provide same knowledge and features for a fraction of cost.Read Less,udacity
"Coaches were great. Format DID NOT work for me. I would have understood the material much better had they just shown us examples of working code. I learned more from the YouTube tutorials where people would explain as they coded. Udacity put a lot of... Read More work into the program, which I appreciate, and all the staff and instructors seem like great people, but the format completely turned me off to coding. (Brutal honesty)Read Less",udacity
Pros:The course was precise and also sufficient sources to explore more was shared. A lot of examples and industrial standards discussed helped me gain traction over what it means to be a data engineer. A practice portal with Amazon credits helped a long... Read More way into practicing skills required. Friendly community and mentors are the best thing !!Cons :There were few parts in the course which were not updated but was made accessible later !! . But it kind of paused the rythm for me. Otherwise I would certainly recommend thisRead Less,udacity
"Pros:- Programming exercise and projects are hands on. Great and constructive reviews. Very helpful slack community, personal mentoring, personal schedular, great discussion groups, plenty resource links.Cons- expensive. The video content is not up to... Read More par with coursera deeplearning.ai.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity's Nanodegree has a special place in my career. Being an Android Developer for two years, it was difficult to convince employers to take me on as a web developer. But the ND changed things around completely!Pros:1. Curriculum follows Industry best... Read More practices2. Talented peer review process (they focus on making your code better including tips on how it could be more readable &amp; maintainable)3. Mentorship - my mentor was available round the clock to answer any questions I had. 4. Excellent support from classmates on Slack.Cons:1. Lectures can sometime be a little too hard to follow.If you're looking for the perfect MOOC to start or change your career path, Udacity is the one you take.Read Less",udacity
"I first learnt about Udacity when they just started with iOS &amp; Android Nanodegrees. Back then, I was using other competing platforms like TeamTreeHouse. After experiencing the trial package, I got so in loved with the way the tutorials were carried out,... Read More and the best part is, they have Project Evaluation (Review). This was a noble idea and immediately I was sold. To me, Udacity is my first-choice learning platform to get a recognized certificate, and to learn about a topic in depth. Thank you Udacity for innovating the online experience, and for placing many into their dream jobs!Read Less",udacity
"The curriculum is very good. The lecture and exercise are also good and has a lot of support. But what I didn't like is a business style. They look like selling a course like off-the-shelf product. For example, right after I payed a tuition, Udacity announced... Read More Black Friday Discount. And my course has 2 terms, and they don't explain clearly the tuition is for 1 term. I realized that the tuition was only for 1st term, after I finished 1st term. I had to pay a tuition for 2nd term, because I could not stop for only 1 term.Read Less",udacity
"(NOTE: I'm reviewing the Android Developer course, not AI w/Python) The courses offered are great. Instructional videos of live coding with lesson content on GitHub to download and complete with the lessons is the most superb aspect about it. The projects... Read More with code review are phenomenal and instrumental to help you become a better programmer. Like with most schools that flaunt job placement, I didn't feel it lived up to it's expectations. (At least not yet. Although this may be more to do with the particular program I took and the job market at the moment. ) I have connected with alumni for an unpaid internship which was cool. They offer a pretty dry ""job search/career development"" course and have an internal job board. In short: great for learning, but don't count on it to get you employed in a hurry.Read Less",udacity
"I work in an industry where skills are rapidly changing and the biggest threat that people working here will face is that of irrelevance. It is with that in mind that I began my journey with Udacity early this year, and I’ve completed two nanodegrees... Read More so far. Udacity pays special attention to how they structure these programs, including easy-to-understand bite-sized videos and a ton of supplementary information. And I think the best part about these programs is the projects at the end of each module which give the students a chance to apply all that they have learned in a real-world situation. In addition to this, they have excellent mentor support; an assigned mentor is expected to guide the student through the program and the projects. One also has access to career services and a knowledge hub where students can ask for help from other students and teachers. Learning on Udacity has been a different experience. And I intend to continue using Udacity to re-skill/ up-skill myself.Read Less",udacity
"I have completed multiple courses/nanodegree from udacity and the curated content present on udacity is the best i have found so far. The Hands on project throughout the course, supports from mentors and the project reviews are one of the best things... Read More udacity provides.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity does an awesome job when it comes to online tech courses. I joined their MWS program last year and the experience has been a lot helpful to me. Even, I used what I learned to score an A in my BSc project as a computer scientist. And, Udacity always... Read More helps in job search. They started by helping us (the students then) improve our GitHub and LinkedIn accounts. They believe, and of course, it's the truth that perfect GitHub and LinkedIn accounts are two of the first steps to landing a good job as a developer. I've not got a job though. I'll be graduating from collage this year and I know that getting a job would never be a problem to me. And with all these, I'm highly grateful to Udacity. And I'd willingly recommend Udacity to anyone I know. They're awesome!Read Less",udacity
very interesting course i gained extensive knowledge of most of Digital Marketing ecosystem .DMND is a full package program which contains best theoretical practices of digital marketing and practical projects that gives you real in depth understanding... Read More of digital marketing channels .i enjoyed the  the journey of learning with udacity although i am still looking for a job in digital marketing .Read Less,udacity
"I was impressed with the organized structure of the program as well as the emphasis on community and the help resources. The program was organized in such a way that taught you key concepts for building Android apps. Each Section ended with a project... Read More that implemented what you learned. We had a vibrant and helpful community when I was going through the program. This was helpful because people were always willing to help other students who were struggling. No only could you lean on the community but there were also webinars and 1 on 1's to get further assistance. The only downside in my opinion is that there are not any in-person teachers and that can be challenging for some people. Overall, Udacity's nanodegree programs are extremely affordable and help to prepare you for a career in a field that relates to the nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
Pros: Learn the latest technologies and work on the best projects. There is good mentor support to solve the problems. The scholarships provided helped me to learn new courses and helped me with good student communityCon: The course materials are only... Read More available for just 12 months.Read Less,udacity
Keeping learning is very important is daily life. Udacity provides the ease of study by which student or even the job professionals have options to go on for adance cources which help in advancement of their carrier as well as their student life. Learning... Read More with an example and even those example are related to daily life is main advantage for me. Udacity trainer follows the series of example before the new topic begins and based on example I was able to cope with the topic goes on class. The mentor support and dedication helps udacity student for solving their doubts and much more.Read Less,udacity
"Pros: -Good for beginners -I had no programming background, but course helped me to pickup concepts very quickly - Curriculum is industry oriented - Good Mentors and awesome project reviewers - Slack channel - Weekly AMA's - Quality Videos -Quality Assignments... Read More - Awesome Career assistance (Udacity Propel) - Very responsive staff Cons: Price is slightly high, but worth takingRead Less",udacity
"Pros:-Good for beginners-I had no programming background, but course helped me to pickup concepts very quickly- Curriculum is industry oriented- Good Mentors and awesome project reviewers- Slack channel- Weekly AMA's- Quality Videos-Quality Assignments... Read More- Awesome Career assistance (Udacity Propel)- Very responsive staffCons:Price is slightly high, but worth takingRead Less",udacity
"I took the React Nanodegree program from Udacity. Besides the great technical content that is covered in the course, I am very satisfied with the resources that come with these courses such as the projects with reviews to improve the design of the app,... Read More the Slack forums, and something that it's key for me the knowledge, tips and additional resources offered for a job search process. I strongly recommend this Nanodegree program.Read Less",udacity
"At first, when I started with this programme of nanodegree I was finding it a bit hectic to cope up with work, but then after regular rounds of practice and hardwork chipped in from my side, this course started to give its fruits. I started to like their... Read More way of teaching each and every concept with the help of an example, it is just like a father holding the hand of his child and making him take those baby steps. This course got me a promotion in my current company which is why I'll be thankful to this course of frontend web developer nanodegree lifelong. Thank you Udacity for lifting my career!Read Less",udacity
"The reason I enjoy Udacity’s programs so much is that I’m able to progress through the curriculum at my own pace. Work will often tie me up under the week, yet I’m frequently motivated to work long hours on the weekend. Udacity’s format and learning support... Read More staff not only make this approach possible, but I don’t feel that I’m losing out on any of the value or benefits by not working on it every day. The topics, tests, and instruction delivery are fun and the modules are short enough to feel like you’re continually progressing and learning.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity it's a excellent school for new technologies and jobs. The curriculum is very good and align with the market. The courses are create with big players on the business world. The new payment system it's too expensive, it is the only bad thing about... Read More this school.Read Less",udacity
"I took the Programming for Data Science Nanodegree course at Udacity and completed it in about 3 months. As a beginner with Python, Git, and Tableau, almost every lesson was educational and compact, thus increasing the motivation to continue and learn... Read More more. The videos are well-done, the coding examples were useful, and overall it was an enjoyable learning experience and a great motivator to pick up more advanced courses at Udacity or elsewhere. The only con with the course was the final assignment that was in fact so much more difficult than the level of the course materials. I had to find a ton of outside resources and actually ask professional Python programmers for help. The gap between difficulty level of the final project and regular video course material was just too large. I wish I could have been warned about that. Overall, this Udacity course was a great learning experience to potentially advance one's career.Read Less",udacity
"I felt very useful and efficient to learn developing with ios. You can learn step by step, and if any question, you can make an appointment with a teacher. Also, there are communities on slack helping you when finished the class. Furthermore, if providing... Read More real project to enhance the learnt skills will be perfect.Read Less",udacity
"""this program will make your sweet dreams come true"" I completed the Front End Web Development nano degree in 2018 and I enjoyed it and got a lot out of it. The course material was really clear and well put together and the presenters explained each concept... Read More clearly. The assessment tasks were thought out well and encourage a good mix of self driven research over and above the core course content. Feedback was very constructive and having a virtual classroom with assistants was invaluable. I’ve since done other courses with some other providers and while this course was a bit more expensive, the fact that you have real people assessing your submissions and able to answer questions makes it great value and well worth while. I came out of this course with a solid foundation in HTML, CSS and JavaScript. While there is a lot more for me to learn, doing this course connected a lot of dots that self driven research alone would have missed, while also learning good development practices. I would highly recommend Udacity to anyone who wants to learn new skills.Read Less",udacity
"I took the business metrics and SQL/Tableau course after I was laid off. To pursue in the data analysis career route, I realized that having knowledge of SQL and Tableau is indispensable due to the myriad job postings asking for them. I was fortunate... Read More to not be working even PT when I took the course. It is not an interactive course and requires lots of patience to understand the concept if you have zero to some experience. The quizzes can be complicated. There are mentors available for help, and they are extremely patient. But because every query and resolution is done by writing, it can be challenging at times. I didn't find the classmates to be helpful in answering questions at all. I also didn't find the forum, Q&amp;A portion to be intuitive. There seems to be many places to go to find answers - I fail to understand the logic of the folders etc. I had since find a job after graduating, and being able to say that I understand SQL/Tableau (even when the employer does not use them) is a ""wow"" factor, plus the fact that I can demonstrate the qualities it takes to do a Udacity course speaks of the soft skills I have as well. Do I recommend it? I would say be honest with your abilities to grasp concepts, and if your character/pesonality has what it takes to endure all that I detailed above.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: - It is an advanced course, which is rarely provided from MOOC, but Udacity does. - The quality of curriculum was great, especially for the projects that came from industry. - Project-based learning and learning by doing were great, you really can... Read More learn technology by working on the projects provided. Cons: - Unfortunately, it cancelled the second term, which made students frustrated, a lot of people was expecting the contents in the 2nd term.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:- It is an advanced course, which is rarely provided from MOOC, but Udacity does.- The quality of curriculum was great, especially for the projects that came from industry.- Project-based learning and learning by doing were great, you really can... Read More learn technology by working on the projects provided.Cons:- Unfortunately, it cancelled the second term, which made students frustrated, a lot of people was expecting the contents in the 2nd term.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has the best learning path it’s really good and enjoyable for learning , they make the concept of the subjects easier and they have a support team that’s responses for each questions and make sure you get it right , i love Udacity I really do",udacity
"I got a scholarship from Google program, The course is very well structure and updated. yes, they have some part that I think a little bit boring for me(I would not tell you it is Git part.) However, everything else is so fun. I hope they add more projects... Read More to the course and that would be perfected. I even got a job after I finish the course with Udacity job support help. They help review my resume and tell me to submit it to the company. I do not what to say about that, but for me it is completed.Read Less",udacity
"I love Udacity's Nanodegree programs, especially the Data Science program. I first took advantage of all of the wonderful free content provided by Udacity before jumping in and registering for the two-term Data Science Nanodegree. I was in the midst of... Read More applying to jobs and I found that the program helped me build out my portfolio to stand out to potential employers, taught me new and job-relevant skills as well as reinforcing my existing skill sets. It was also a great way to keep current with the trends in the industry and sharpen my ability to discuss my skills in the context of an interview. Some of the basics I learned from this program (including using Jupyter notebooks, exploratory data analysis, and how to structure a data science project) helped me knock the ""take home"" portion of one interview out of the park! I liked the program so much that I recommended it to my current colleagues and three of them also enrolled! Great value for the time and money if you want to efficiently gain job-relevant skills.Read Less",udacity
I have been an active user at Udacity since it appeared with the 2 free courses: Intro to Programming and Self-Driving Car.I did the React Nanodegree to improve my career and now I am a JS Developer focused on React and also a Software Arquitect.Udacity... Read More has given me the opportunity to give back to this amazing community being a mentor in the React Nanodegree that I did 2 years ago.Stay Udacious is my Moto!Read Less,udacity
"I got to a point in my career as a product manager where I needed to broaden my technical skills. Udacity empowered me with the tools, resources, mentors, and coaches to help me achieve my goals. This newly acquired skills resulted in a dream job, a promotion,... Read More and I am now career-competitive, well-rounded Senior Product Owner/Manager.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is an excellent program with easy lessons to learn a new skill. Although it might not be as simple as learning how to say I love you in Chinese, the lessons are very well put togheter and with a little persistance (a lot) you will develop a new... Read More skill thoroughly.Read Less",udacity
"I completed the Front End Web Dev nano degree in late 2018 and I enjoyed it and got a lot out of it. The course material was really clear and well put together and the presenters explained each concept clearly. The assessment tasks were thought out well... Read More and encourage a good mix of self driven research over and above the core course content. Feedback was very constructive and having a virtual classroom with assistants was invaluable.I’ve since done other courses with some other provers and while this course was a bit more expensive, the fact that you have real people assessing your submissions and able to answer questions makes it great value and well worth while.I came out of this course with a solid foundation in HTML, CSS and JavaScript. While there is a lot more for me to learn, doing this course connected a lot of dots that self driven research alone would have missed, while also learning good development practices. I would highly recommend Udacity to anyone who wants to learn new skills.Read Less",udacity
"Learning online is challenging and it's not easy to finish courses or find the proper support during practice.Udacity had made that just as easy as possible by providing all the process of mentoring, forums and project reviews.I submit my projects for... Read More review, gets the feedback, communicate with mentors and colleague and by the end of a program I find myself fully understanding all the concepts with a lot of joy.Read Less",udacity
"I've graduated from Udacity's Android Developer Nanodegree, it was an amazing experience and we had a lot of learning with very helpful team of Udacity.I really recommend their tutorials and classes for everyone as they are presented by truly tech professionals... Read More from Google and other giants. By the way, they do update their curriculum to match the latest changes in the field.Read Less",udacity
"I enjoyed having access to the content on my own time to be able to learn while maintaining a busy work schedule. Additionally, the platform was incredibly slick and easy to use. However, I didn't feel that the content was super tailored or unique--a... Read More lot of what was presented you could find online for free. Note: this is for the Digital Marketing course -- there was no option for this in the survey drop-down field below so I selected a random course.Read Less",udacity
"For reference, I took 3 Udacity curriculums: business analyst, design sprint, and front end development. I loved the first 2 but hated the 3rd one. However, that might just be because I don't enjoy front end development that much? It definitely doesn't... Read More deter me from exploring other classes in Udacity though! For a while I contemplated doing another Master's but this is definitely a more affordable and faster way to explore other career options! RECOMMEND!!Read Less",udacity
The Udacity Nanodegree in deep learning changed my career. I highly recommend it to anyone starting their AI career. The comments from the graders were great and the curriculum was best in class. The videos were good. The homework examples were practical... Read More and managableRead Less,udacity
"I'm the owner of a software company. I have been developing software for more than 30 years. So, you can guess my age. I'm a computer engineer. I have taken too many technical courses. I was part of the first MOOC and have attended many different courses... Read More and tutorials. But Udacity technology is better and the way that the courses are designed are top quality. With Udacity you will put your hands at work. With the on-line tools you really develop online. For what you must develop on your computer, the unit testing previous allowing submit your projects is great. They really squeeze you and makes you think. After you finally submit your project the reviewers do a great job, forcing you to excel and giving you advice when requested. My tutor was a very savvy and capable engineer, with a post degree on AI. Help me when I need him. If you really wants to learn and be ready to work. I strongly advice to learn with Udacity.Read Less",udacity
I was not sure of what to expect from the Android Nano-degree because I have never done any online course before. It started with Africa scholarship which I was among the 500 top participants for Android track in the year 2018. I made it through to the... Read More Nano-degree and the project reviews were top notch because it gives you the better ways to code and open the mind to what was not known initially. The mentors and students interaction makes brainstorming a whole maximum exposure to varieties of resources. The only con was that I wish we could have met the code reviewers possibly with online meet up.Read Less,udacity
"I took machine learning nano-degree program from Udacity and it was a great learning experience. I studied the program for six months. The main advantages of the program is the hands-on experience I got from working on real projects. Submitting the projects... Read More and completing the required implementation successfully as per the project rubric is one of the main strengths in Udacity programs. The curriculum for the machine learning program was very good, however there are few areas need improvements, specially in the unsupervised machine learning part, and the reinforcement learning. Udacity provides career services and additional materials to prepare for the interviews and this point was a great added value. The support team was very good, but sometimes there is a delay in their responses.Read Less",udacity
"With Udacity's React course I have successfully transitioned from a front-end designer to a React Native developer. Within 3 months of completion I had a new job. Not too shabby! Now I have the experience to go anywhere! Funny side note, with the things... Read More I learned through Udacity I was able to talk my way into a 6-figure developer job out-of-state. I turned it down for family reasons, but that ego boost gave me the confidence to kick all other interviews' butts, and isn't THAT just as important as anything else?Read Less",udacity
"I was trying to learn Python by watching videos and reading some books and at some point I felt that I got stuck with many doubts that nobody could address. At that moment I decided to join the ""AI Programming with Python Nano Degree"" program in Udacity,... Read More best decision ever. It allowed me to accelerate my learning curve exponentially, since I had all resources in just one place. Excellent lectures and videos with very details explanations, practice quizzes where you can assess yourself, lessons with a structure path that facilitate learning experience, knowledgeable instructors with an excellence response time and peers to share doubts and experiences. What else can you ask for an online course.Read Less",udacity
"I completed a nano-degree 4-5 years ago. I enjoyed the full support from my fellow beginner coders, and the more experienced mentors/teachers. The coursework covered broad spectrums of what is yet to come in the world, and starts a path with many branching... Read More career opportunities. Would recommend to a friend!Read Less",udacity
"I received a Nano Degree for a Front End Developer. It took months of hard work, but I eventually got to the finish line. I learned a lot and liked their program's interface a lot. I love that they provided detailed feedback after project submissions... Read More so I knew what I did correctly and what I needed to improve on. now i have a job after finished the Udacity Nano DegreeRead Less",udacity
"Front end development is a rapidly changing field so a few modules were a little behind the times, no coverage of Webpack or GraphQL and perhaps a little too much emphasis on accessibility and version control.However with help from mentors on the main... Read More projects and insight from some expertly designed exercises Udacity really does give you an understanding that's hard to gain elsewhere, certainly compared to other online programs and sources.Read Less",udacity
"Doing the Udacity nano degree Programm has given me a deep insight into the field, taught by professionals. I would recommend students and professionals alike to take up any Udacity course they like without a second thought. I See this as an investment... Read More for the Future.Read Less",udacity
"I have no degree in computer science, however I work with real estate appraisals, which require a lot of interaction with data. Udacity provided me with a good knowledge base in Python, exploratory data analysis and use of data science libraries. I could... Read More even venture into machine learning! I developed in the final work a model with neural networks that made me very proud. My experience was very satisfactory!Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity Self Driving Car Nanodegree was one of the best learning experiences I've ever had. I was surprised from all the material they have built and the knowledge that was shared on this program. I really liked topics such as Deep Learning and Computer... Read More Vision, I found a little difficult the Sensor Fusion and Predictive Models part. I have to say that the program was hard, but it was a great learning experience. I was amazed by the simplicity, and yet elegant, teaching of Sebastian Thrun. Lastly, after I finished the program, I was able to pinpoint the key aspects of the technology that dives the Self Driving Car industry these days.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: I received a scholarship for a Data Foundations nanodegree after completing a scholarship challenge. It took months of hard work, but I eventually got to the finish line. I learned a lot and liked their program's interface a lot. I love that they... Read More provided detailed feedback after project submissions so I knew what I did correctly and what I needed to improve on.Cons: I was under the impression that I would get to choose my nanodegree track after getting through the scholarship challenge, but didn't. While I am still grateful for getting a scholarship at all, I don't think I would personally pay out of pocket for a nanodegree at this point in time because they aren't adopted well-enough by employers to substitute years of experience/formal university education.Read Less",udacity
"After receiving a scholarship for the course from Google, I managed to enter into the course at no cost. Udacity made everything available to me right off the bat, and game me plenty of support via the Mentors, and my fellow students in the Slack group.... Read More Thanks to the soft deadlines and support provided, I could finish things at my own pace and receive support when needed. By the end of the course, I could do advanced Android development. From RecyclerViews and Fragments, to FireBase and Widgets. Udacity helped to provide the means, and motivation for me to learn Android programming.Read Less",udacity
"I started my community coding career when I was given an opportunity by Udacity to participate in Google Scholarship Challenge. I won it, and I received a Nanodegree program for free. This program, after passing it, with all Udacity support team and alumni,... Read More helped me with my progress and taught me a lot. I would recommend Udacity to anyone, who wants to learn something newRead Less",udacity
"Being a part of the digital marketing nano-degree program, I have learnt a lot of things. This is not my first course with Udacity, I have also done the android basics nano-degree program. Both programs were excellent, The mentors were very helpful and... Read More responsive. I could complete the whole course within the time limit easily. The material used to explain and study was of very good quality. Overall, learned a lot of new things and got my degree, And I am confident with my skills. Great experience :)Read Less",udacity
"When I signed up for the course I was a little overwhelmed. I had some knowledge about digital marketing but always got stuck on the 'putting it all together part'. When I first saw all the modules and the time it would take me to complete the course... Read More I was worried.However, the course shows you how to plan from the very beginning including identifying your clients and how to reach them along their customer journey. So each module leads on to the next one and makes complete sense. Once you get started it's not that daunting. It's also a great feeling once you successfully complete each section.I received my results for each test very quickly, usually the same day. Once I completed the certification I felt that the knowledge I had gained was very useful and the good thing is, the info, videos and references are always accessible so you can go back and read it again. Two years on and only yesterday, I checked into my dashboard to read about something I had forgotten and needed.I wouldn't really say it's a con but you do need to read the instructions very carefully. They must be presented a set way, using a special lay out and if you don't remember or accidently forget something, your test will be rejected. This is not a huge deal, you can resubmit but it's better to get it right the first time.My mentor didn't really understand some of my questions sometimes and she did take a while to respond. But there are forums that you can ask questions in and usually your question is a common one which has already been answered somewhere.I would 100% recommend this course, I am confident that it's a recognized plus on my CV.Read Less",udacity
"The pros,introduction into the valuable subject of machine learning, using deep learning convolutional neural network. Udacitys catalogue of free lessons and the support within the community, not to mention the dedicated slack server are second too none... Read More The cons,given the complexity of the subject, Udacitys estimation of time it will take to complete course which is three months, is for me a tall order. this maybe because i have weak pre requisite skills.Read Less",udacity
"Easy to follow videos, great examples and quizzes. Projects are useful and help is available if needed.I took self-driving nano-degree and learned more during that time than in my 4 year Engineering degree.Besides learning a lot I also had a lot of fun.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I really enjoy the DataScience and React Nano-degree both courses were beyond my expectations.Pros :- The production quality of the contents was high. Most of the content was presented and taught very well.- The projects were very interesting, and helped... Read More reinforce the concepts learned.- Even the free courses are very rich.- Clean and well design platform- Excelente Project Review'sCONS- The price is too high, unfortunate the Udacity leave Brazil and prices gets too high now.- Few hiring partners.Read Less",udacity
"abstract from my ""Insider's Guide to Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree"" 7 part series of tutorials:https://www.i-programmer.info/professional-programmer/accreditation/11741-insiders-guide-to-udacity-android-developer-nanodegree-part-7-full-stack-android.html?start=7... Read MoreInitially, the Nanodegree gave me the foundations, the know-how to turn on the ignition and find my bearings. Graduating from it signified the beginning of an era where I can take matters into my own hands.Weighing the alternatives, I found that developing for Android isn't a subject widely taught at traditional brick and mortar institutions, but even if it was, enrolment would be probably too expensive. And what about learning through books? I would considered it as a plausible option if developing for Android was as solid and well defined as a programming language is. The problem here lies in the fact that Android is a fluent ecosystem comprised of dynamic components (lifecycle management, states, events, services, resources, layouts, views, loaders, UI/background threads), interconnections and patterns, which collectively form a tangling not easily conveyed through the static pages of a book.Self-paced, high quality, and evolving MOOCs, such as the Android Developer Nanodegree, form the modern shape of education and hold distinct advantages over their traditional instructor-led counterparts.While at University or now at work, I've attended quite a few instructor-led lectures or seminars that would span several days or weeks and the major problem with them was always feeling the stress of having to be constantly focused or risk getting left behind.Of course the teacher's quality is the other major factor, who is also burdened with having to examine several subjects in a limited time frame, hence impossible to do so in depth. The Nanodegree being self-paced for the student and being taught by a team including Google engineers solves both issues of the limited time frame and teacher quality. And what about the subtle and elaborate bugs in doing the exercises which won't start creeping until long after the lecture has ended? By then it's too late to get in touch with the teacher.What are you then supposed to do - research on your own, ask on Stackoverflow, or google for relevant results. Udacity on the contrary offers support through mentor-led forums serving personalized and quality help, accessible even after graduating.Let's not forget that graduating also gets you a Certificate. But how valuable is it? The IT industry, highly dynamic as it is, is being constantly reshaped by new inventions, trends and tools, all striving to become the new Kings of Software Development. Prime examples are Vue, Angular, React, Kotlin and so on, trends that a classic BSc issued by a traditional brick and mortar institution is not able to keep track of. The answer lies in seeing through the hype and adopting a life-long model of education which Udacity is able to provide.With regard to whether the Nanodegree is recognized industry-wide on a par with traditional diplomas, ptroviding you with the same chances of landing a job, I can't have an opinion since all the career options offered by Udacity are exlusively US based and I don't live in the US. Nevertheless, such a hard earned Certificate validates both the skills acquired and the real world experience gained through building quite a few Android apps, even releasing them to the Playstore. Were I to look for a new job, this is where I'd direct all potential employers; and that by itself is the biggest gainRead Less",udacity
"Before joining Udacity I had very little experience in programming or almost non, I started my journey with the Android Basics Nanodegree which was covering the basics of the Android Development, SQLite, Networking, and Java. after this Basics Nanodegree,... Read More I was able to build basic apps. Once I had finished the Basics Nanodegree, I enrolled in the advanced one, Android Developer Nanodegree, within 2 months of enrolling and learning I was offered a junior Android Developer position in a multinational company. what I like about Udacity is the projects idea, you are being taught theoretically, presented with exercises to solve and finally a project to test your knowledge, when you create these projects you have a proof for yourself now that you have gained knowledge that you can apply anywhere. another great this, is the community, being able to join a community or a channel with colleagues taking the same course is really helpful. However, there's only one thing that isn't good, it takes a little bit long time updating the content of the courses, in case new things emerged.Read Less",udacity
"I Begun to learn programming from scratch in early 2016 Java ,may 2017 i graduated from Udacity after made 8 apps reviewed by professionals who help me to make the best code and the best architecture components with dagger2 and rxJav I finished this challenge... Read More within four months.After the completion of this stage I, m still yet learning more and more I entered several areas and I made a lot of applications using artificial intelligence and learned flutter and now I have applications on Google Play and app store Programming is my only passion and I will always learn more and more.Then I moved to career programme in Udacity helped me to make a professional CV to apply to the labour market to get career thanks for Udacity the best online educational institutions to learn programming and thanks to Google, which helps students get such powerful certifications.Read Less",udacity
I did nanodegree program as a VR Developer. It was a 3 course program which started from extreme basics to till highly advanced individual projects. Udacity made sure that there was a live atmosphere possible when I was stuck at any issues. Helped me... Read More a lot while I was stuck with one of the products. The in depth video tutorials definitely helpes as they can be reviewed and watched at my own pace.Read Less,udacity
"You have to be self-motivated. A completionist mentality definitely helps as you check off the pieces which lead to your nanodegree. The full stack path was clear, concise, with feedback as immediate as possible and where failure is not just ok, but promoted.... Read More I was thoroughly impressed with the course, struggled here and there but was supported through all of it. They had some growing pains as they worked on their platform and how to better assist students in real time, but the fact that they actively were releasing new features during the course showcased their desire to consistently improve and keep their courses fresh. A completely better experience than the antiquated money grabbing universities that are still using and teaching technologies that are dead, or utilized only in the smallest of circles in companies breathing their dying breaths.Read Less",udacity
"For me personally, I had a great time! I'll start with the cons of the program. From what I saw or noticed, some students seemed to feel left out of certain parts or just not responded to when they asked for help on something. I always tried to help if... Read More I could and so did others, but no one knows it all as were all aware of. The sessions where some Udacity pro or instructor answered student's questions worked okay but maybe it needs to be a longer session time. Lots of people's questions didn't get answered due to the time limit. Another thing, I think the courses could have been longer and explained more. I can't think of much else right now as a con to list. On to what I thought was great! I loved the way the courses were put together. They just needed to go a bit more in depth for first time coders/programmers. I really liked the languages Udacity used as well. The community they had was awesome to say the least. The best part of my whole experience was meeting and forming my very own coder group, which we all still to this day talk and stay in contact. We also share our current projects were working on and help each other. Finishing this whole Front-End Web Dev program was def. worth it and I def. grew from it!Read Less",udacity
"Before the Udacity's MWS (Web mobile specialist) Nanodegree, I wasn't confident in my own technical skills. I was first afraid that I'd be wasting time since the Nanodegree was 6months+ long, but after going through the first week and getting to know... Read More people who had the same concerns as I did, I felt at ease and I got to work on amazing projects with these amazing people.Mentors were available at all time, their feedbacks were insightful and straight to the point. The project reviews were constructive and the reviewers were amazing, not only did they give us feedbacks on our projects but they suggested tools that might help us in the future, I still have the last project review as a roadmap, although I passed the review, the reviewer went ahead and gave me steps to follow to actually improve upon what I've done and learn more.The program not only did it have technical resources/courses but it also showed us how to write resumés, how to organize our Github repos and Linkedin accounts.It was an amazing experience that allowed me to be a better programmer &amp; person.Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity was, for me, a good oportunity to learn about new tech subjects that i hadn't the oportunity to envolves me at my day-to-day. All content is well organized and with exercises at the end of each chapter to recap and practice.Other thing that... Read More is really good is the conclusion projects. It help you to develop skills and show what you have learned to the industry and community.I received great tips on my projects review and it was quickly, for a personal support.In my opinion, one cons is that they ended their activity at my country, saddly. I'm from Brazil.In general, I liked their contents and way of teaching.Thats it. I recommend.Read Less",udacity
"When i got the scholarship for Data Foundation Nano degree course, I was excited about it, though this been my first time to enrolled in an online classroom, i taught it will be quite less the experience when compared to a normal physical interaction... Read More class room, but i was wowed to see how it turned out to be, with have many communication tools, which helps the student from all around the world to share resources and Ideas. We had study group to help make the learning process easy and it was fun too.Read Less",udacity
"Having extra curriculum programs and courses as useful as the regular course program is one of the things I like very much. In addition, quizzes and assignments are both challenging and instructive. Therefore, it is challenging to finish a Udacity course,... Read More but you can study and graduate. Only one mentor is assigned to each trainee who I do not like. Working effectively with those people is really difficult if you live in different time periods. There is the possibility to close this gap from the platforms where you can chat. All in all, I think it is more useful than regular university education in general. Udacity management will understand this idea that last year compared to last year course fees increased by more than one hundred percent. In short, if you can afford it, I recommend you to take a Udacity course rather than buy it from other platforms.Read Less",udacity
It's the first school to come up with a wonderful code review. Besides correcting your code teachers also direct you to use best practices. I was able to evolve a lot with the course and understand basic concepts of react to advanced so it is possible... Read More to be a student without any knowledge and still have a great benefit from the course.Read Less,udacity
"The Udacity Mobile Web Developer Nanodegree was a great opportunity to develop my coding skills. While completing the program, I gained confidence in my ability to develop performant web applications. It has served me tremendously in my career and I would... Read More recommend it to anyone.Read Less",udacity
"I decided to take one of the nanadegree programs as a way to help myself ""level-up"" with my web development skills since I was largely self taught. I wanted to fill in any gaps. I started off as a back-end developer and had years of programming experience.... Read More So for me, this was about transitioning into the front end and being good at it. I decided to take this program and it was great for me. I was able to finish it in a short time mostly because I had previous programming experience. But the details that I picked up around performance and the like really made a positive difference. I didn't use the job search features as I was employed during the program. Would definitely recommend.Read Less",udacity
"I graduated with a journalism degree and soon got interested in programming. That is where Udacity came in to the picture.I didn't know anything about programming, but I was interested in building websites so I enrolled in the Front-End Nanodegree program.... Read More The program made me go from a beginner to an advance programmer. I learned so much from this course that I ended up enrolling in three more programs. 1)Front-End Nanodegree2)Full-Stack Nanodegree3) React Nanodegree4) AWS Cloud Computing NanodegreeI do have to say that it is on the expensive side of the spectrum. There are other programs out there as well that are cheaper and equally good. One thing that I wish Udacity offered was updated curriculum. You don't have access to any updates made to the program once you've enrolled/completed the course. They also have a Slack that is used by the current and the former Udacity students as well as mentors who help you navigate through a lot of issues and problems including job-search/ interviews/ programming / courses etc.Read Less",udacity
"I try many online courses, but the web developer Udacity nanodegree, is the best so far. Great content, with comprehensive videos and exercises you can put in your portfolio. And cherry on the cake, you have support with the career team, who help you... Read More to make your path to your future jobsDon’t hesitate !Read Less",udacity
I had heard about deep learning before but never really used it. I learned so much from it. The instructors were great and the videos were very good at explaining the concept. The projects were my favorite part though because they gave you a great way... Read More to test your new skill and get a chance to use it in the real world.Read Less,udacity
"Front End Web Developer Nanodegree prepared me to take an engineering role and equipped with essential knowledge about modern web development tools and industry best practices. When I started my first commercial project (and before finishing the Nanodegree),... Read More I was already familiar and confident with technology stack that was coming in.If you decide to apply for this Nanodegree, you will be guided through basics and more advanced design patterns in timely manner. You will apply new knowledge in diverse assignment projects and receive meaningful feedback from mentors and reviewers. You will be in touch with other students facing similar challenges and difficulties. And, believe me, you will totally fall in love with the Community.The curriculum is challenging, but will prepare you for the professional role. You can expect:- web foundations and basics,- programming with JavaScript,- modern web application architecture and best practices,- building front-end applications with ReactSo, is it worth it? Absolutely, yes! Long story short - I just landed a Senior Software Engineer role in web development domain. I haven't stopped applying what I learned during this Nanodegree and you will not either!Read Less",udacity
I did really enjoy taking this course. The exam was quite challenging and interactive and thus learnt a lot. But I would love it if the problems and course is much harder plus I would love to do a course made for robotics. A module wise practice exams... Read More for the course is also encouraged.Read Less,udacity
This is a really great program that teaches you everything to know inside and outside the office. The only small con is applying for jobs and learning how to get a hang of things in a competitive market. I’m sure they don’t help much with that for a reason!... Read More Go Udacity!Read Less,udacity
I took the android basics course at Udacity. I earned the nanodegree. The experience was great. All the videos were engaging; seeing an actual person talk in front of the camera with great visuals was miles better than simply hearing a voice over a powerpoint.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
"I enrolled in and completed a nanodegree program for Data Analysis. To be honest, it was pretty hard for me to do the program along with a daytime job and I think that I came pretty close to chucking it all away since I couldn't find the time to do it.... Read More However, Udacity was with me all through the program and actively encouraged and helped me in completing the assignments. The mentors who helped students seemed very knowledgeable about the subject of the program and their hints and insights were extremely valuable in helping complete my assignments.I hung on in the program and managed to complete it well before the deadline. It was a lot of fun, the process of learning. I can tell you that much. I participated a bit in the forums but mostly stayed away from them because I wanted to complete the assignments my way without getting side-tracked. I did jump into the forums to do my bit to answer questions and help fellow students. That was very gratifying. I liked being a part of the Udacity alumni!Read Less",udacity
"I was in a time for a change in my career, so I decide to take a course at Udacity, to improve my knowledge in Data Science and find new opportunities. It was online and very well guided, the content was really meaningful and I learned a lot in 8 months,... Read More 2 for Data Science 1 and 6 for Data Science 2, in three months I was already working as a Data Scientist thanks to my first certificate (data science 1). Udacity has a great name in the market and is recognized for the best companies. Today I work as a Product Owner for a big Data Science Project, so it worth a lot for me take the course.Read Less",udacity
I did the Front End Nanodegree program with Udacity and I loved it! The curriculum covered all the key topics of javascript. I thought the projects were well thought out and they were just the right difficulty level. I finished the course with some great... Read More projects to show. I would definitely recommend this Nanodegree and try future Nanodegrees.Read Less,udacity
"This course was awesome, I went from the most basic understanding of HTML to being able to actually write some functional code. I have continued towards my goal of front-end development. If you are looking for a great place to learn and talk with other... Read More students udacity is for you!Read Less",udacity
"I studied Design Sprint and Front-End development with Udacity and it was one of the best online learning experiences I ever had. From the Syllabus to Teachers dynamics and the proposed exercises, everything seems to be designed to improve learning effectiveness,... Read More specially the way the content is created mixing reading, watching and developing real-world projects. With Udacity, I have the guarantee of buying a course that will truly challenge me and require study effort. If I'm struggling with something, I have a large community of learners and instructors that will help me.Read Less",udacity
"I learned a lot of extremely useful skills and technologies. The community aspect was incredible, I can highly recommend Udacity for that. The mentorship program went through some rough patches that made things challenging, but having a moderated Slack... Read More channel with other participants was incredible. As I started at a very low knowledge level I wasn't quite job ready at the end, but a year of some targeted self-study later I got hired as a software developer! The career aspect wasn't as useful for me because it was not well developed for Europe yet, but I was able to make my own way because many potential employers found the Nanodegree interesting enough to get me in the door. I ended up having 5 or so interviews, 2 offers and an acceptance a year after completing the Nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"This is legit the best way to learn the basics of Java programming. The way they map out all the process, elaborating the concepts step by step, using fun methods to keep you in the track, creating challenging tasks and quizzes, creating forums to meet... Read More new people that have the same mentality and much more. Udacity programs are the most efficient way of learning new concepts. Im so glad and fortunate to join and complete this Google Developer NanoDegree.Read Less",udacity
For me the Deep learning nano-degree was arguably the best program I've learned from. It was very lean and to the point if a person want just that. They additionally add extra spicy material for the more interested person. They don't conform to academic... Read More conventions on how to deliver information. They do what's necessary to entice a person to learn and dig deeper into the material. I definitely recommend it to everyone.Read Less,udacity
"I attended the Udacity Data Analyst NanoDegree program in 2018/2019. I found it very useful as it explores all things that a data analyst should be at least familiar with( Python, SQL, R , Tableau); it even touched on some supervised machine learning... Read More like logist and linear regression. Of course every student should implement what described in the videos with articles that are always provided.Read Less",udacity
Did my NanoDegree in Google Analytics from Udacity. Course promotion promised a lot but delivered very less or say NONE.Did not receive a single call after completing the course. It was quite an expensive course but look like not backed by any org or... Read More industry as promised in the promotion.Highly disappointed.Read Less,udacity
"Gracias a Udacity pude conseguir mi actual empleo, estudie front end web developed y cuando termine el curso hice la entrevista de trabajo y me eligieron a mí. Creo que es una escuela impresionante y que puedes conseguir mucho una vez terminados los estudios.... Read MoreMuy contenta con la experiencia.Read Less",udacity
I went for the AI nano-degree and the courses is amazingly structured. I really enjoy the class and the learning materials they provide. Pro:They are not just a normal online course try to teach you one thing. They want you to learn at least a big part... Read More of the field.TA is certainly helping me getting through it. (I'm that kind of person need a push)Con:They didn't follow the chapters from the textbook but I don't feel like missing too much.Didn't use the Job support since I feel like one nanodegree is not enough.Read Less,udacity
"Before I had any professional experience, I was looking for online program and class to improve my skills and resume. Udacity fits my interest and I spent a few months learning deeper topics and projects that I've never done before. If you are looking... Read More for awesome project or do something more than school projects, Udacity will help you to get more skills and experience. Also, it's useful for people who jump to another filed from your current industry. There are so many online courses but it's hard to find well-structured course. Udacity is definitely one of high-quality online learning platform. Even though it's a bit pricy, it's worth if unless you have professional experience like research experience, internship or work experience in related field. It can help you to have experience and skills but not directly guarantee your job. If you already have enough experience and skills and done some projects, it might not be helpful.Read Less",udacity
"Doing the program at udacity is very good, because I started doing it because of a work in college and ended up liking the topic and I intend to follow this. You can learn very well, just dedicate yourself. I want to complete the other courses at udacity... Read More because I understand that they are quite qualified and I will be able to use the knowledge in my career.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity excels at providing in-depth, applicable content for the degree programme that one has signed up for. Not only do they first explain things in a very intuitive manner, but they also then layer in more granular information that helps build a lot... Read More of understanding. I like that all this information is also provided in a natural, flowing manner - much like classroom lectures - rather that online specific matters.While Udacity does try to provide an interactive community, they have recently taken a step backwards by moving away from Slack communities (which worked really well) to an in-house platform called the ""Student Hub"". In my opinion people are generally unresponsive on this new platform, and it is not intuitive either.Udacity also provides good job support by reviewing your GitHub account, LinkedIn, resumes etc., but I am not sure whether any of this actually helped me be a more attractive applicant to places.Read Less",udacity
"i m already graduated from Udacity and start a new course, the main points are:- practice, practice and practice is the best way to learn and Udacity is full of quizzes and projects.- Experience lecturer is very important.- Meeting with Google staff and... Read More other big vendors simplify the Idea and encourage student in their study.- Student Hub is very good to share experience with other students.- Having a mentor is very very very good and that makes Udacity is not a self studying program.- Course are good and new- They also support the psychological status for the student.There is not a real weak points except for some course need to be updated a little bit.Read Less",udacity
"The program was for me very useful. It opened a new horizon in my carrier and I could adapt my job based on achieved knowledge from Udacity self driving car nanodegree program. Now I can plan my carrier in my company too much better.Cons:- proactive program:... Read More the students have to do small or bigger projects- the content coverage is really good and updatedPros:- n some cases the students have to invest more time as proposed by Udacity, depends on his/her own knowledgeRead Less",udacity
"I started the iOS Nanodegree to gain experience and expertise on developing iOS apps and understanding all the components it entails. The program is designed to give you all the necessary theoretical knowledge of iOS development while getting your hands... Read More 'dirty' as soon as possible (from theory to practice). While the program is self paced, having deadlines for submitting my projects allowed me to stay focus throughout the 9 months. And I never really felt alone whenever I hit a roadblock: the community is large, very active and always looking to help! I would recommend Udacity Nanodegrees to anyone considering a career in tech, this is great starting point and will provide you with solid basics to build upon.Read Less",udacity
"I am from kenya. Currently in my country, getting a job is a nightmare, especially for people who are still in school and fresh graduates. The udacity nanodegree program that i took was one of a kind. Four months into the program, I received an internship... Read More offer from one of the leading tech companies in nairobi(africas talking). I was still in school and hadn't completed the program yet. Immediately after completion, i got an iterview offer from microsoft kenya. They went through my linkedin profile and were really impressed. Two months later, I was invited by google to attend the google io conference in may this year. After finishing my internship, I was immediately offered a job by a blockchain startup company in nairobi. All this happened because of the nanodegree certification in mobile web specialist that i received from udacity. It opened chances to me that i never thought possible. I got to travel abroad for something that was always a dream to me. I owe it all to udacity for all the success that i have had in a span of less than one yearRead Less",udacity
"I love Udacity courses. Especially the React Nanodegree was cutting edge, very nicely paced, and had great tutoring support. Being new to coding at the time, I learned a lot about best practices, and of course about React. 2 years later, I am working... Read More as a React Native software developer. I have taken other free and paid courses at Udacity (Android Nanodegree, Flutter among them), and their quality is excellent.Read Less",udacity
"PROSThe curriculum was structured. We were also placed in groups with mentors and facilitators. We were given projects to flex the coding skills we had acquired. The projects were reviewed and I got feedback on how my project could be improved on.The... Read More program did not only build my coding skills but also provided guidance on my career path. We had weekly career coaching seminars, LinkedIn, GitHub and resume reviews. My favorite part of the program were the reviews. I wanted to get feedback on areas I could improve. I must say Udacity provides one of the best reviews I have seen.CONSUdacity needs to do more on job support for alums.Read Less",udacity
"I learned to code in May of 2017 and was hired for my first web developer role almost exactly a year later. My nanodegree through Udacity played a major role in helping me develop the skills and confidence I needed to be successful in my new role. As... Read More someone who is self-taught and comes from a non-traditional background, online resources were my go to when it came to trying to learn and sharpen my skills in order to get hired. This Udacity course allowed me to work on several projects to add to my portfolio that I was showing to potential employers.Read Less",udacity
"When I began , I had 0 knowledge of programming. Udacity helped me become a master in &lt; a year. I have 2 apps on the store now. The support system and the interactive learning are just brilliant. I still go back to the videos for frequent refreshers.... Read More I have also been able to interact with similar learners all over the world and networked with them. Now I can confidently help beginners navigate the murky waters of android development comfortably. I would suggest more guidance in career choice though. All in all, thank you Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity courses give you a rock solid foundation upon which you can build a satisfying career. Rather than spoon feeding students, Practical real world projects are provided. Completing these projects help in giving students what it will be like in a... Read More working environment.Read Less",udacity
"Before taking the Data Analysis Nanodegree Udacity, I had neither written a single code ever nor really analysed data. Taking the course helped me alot and provided the foundation for my data science career.I recommend that every aspiring data analyst... Read More or scientist try the program.Read Less",udacity
"Right after I finished my first part of the Data Analytics Nano Degree, I started gaining professional advantage. I was able to give internal interview for project switch from app developer to data analyst.Soon after I finished the course, within 2 months... Read More I got the position of DA at Accenture itself. Though my pay remained the same.After that I applied for MS in BA at San Francisco State University. And got an admit.I have had no monetary benefits, but have had good jumps and great gain of knowledge.Read Less",udacity
"The nanodegree of Udacity is really valuable. Lots of useful information, as well as continue to have access to the material upon completion of the course. The course provided a great basis for further study, although some topics were complicated to follow.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
The best part of this course is how active the students and coaches are. Everyone is willing to help each other. The only complaint I have is that the standard portfolio projects aren’t usually enough to impress entry level employers. My recommendation... Read More to future students is to find a job first that will allow you to work on the marketing for their website vs. the standard audacity projects.Read Less,udacity
This is a great platform to learn new things. We can learn a lot from here. Real life interaction not happen here. But still its good for learners. I observed that this is the most premier platform for education. I loved this platform because of its quality... Read More content. But the Propel is not happen in Kolkata. This is a genuine problem for all of the Kolkata students. They should think about this.Read Less,udacity
"Graduating from Udacity's Virtual Reality Nanodegree taught me the fundamentals, essentials and high-end techniques needed to develop VR experiences of great quality for a pioneering Industry. Creating a vast repertoire of projects gives enough practice... Read More and research experience for students to become professional developers in the XR industryApproaching solutions through their tech-analysis mindset also got me a job online and many other offers and opportunities in a variety of industries. I am really grateful for the Udacity community and the nourishing experiences this learning platform provides.Read Less",udacity
"I do really noticed just pros attending an online course.Simple and intuitive methodology that help us to put into practice knowledge since the first class.You can follow the course in your own pace and the tests really cover all the teachings.So, i do... Read More recommend the Udacity online courses!Read Less",udacity
"Pros:I have graduated from Front-end Nanodegree. Great content is provided here and Quality is top notch.From this nano degree I have learnt the right way to proceed with a web development project. Every sub-project and its review helped me a lot in writing... Read More better code. Projects we develop here are varied and we could enhance them with more features &amp; customise it according to our taste.Along with the core concepts I have learnt many other things such as git/GitHub, writing README's, unit testing &amp; career development courses.The review provided on linkedIn, GitHub profiles helped me a-lot in maintaining a professional profile.Many scholarships for Udacity Nanodegrees are provided by companies, which anyone could apply across the globe.Cons:Nanodegree feels a bit costlier in developing countries to purchase.need to have serious concentration on projects to complete in time.if we are a working professional, then taking out time for the course &amp; projects is a bit challenging.Read Less",udacity
"I was about to finish my masters when I enrolled in Data Analyst Nanodegree. Then, my entire aim was to get a job and showing recruiters that I have done projects out of my course work would help me stand out. Nanodegree helped my to understand basics... Read More of statitics, data, programming, databases, reporting and whole lot of other information was provided. The best part was practice questions and projects that were built around the course and we were applying the concepts on those as we were learning new stuff. It did help me to get a multiple calls for jobs. I was amazed when a recruiting manager shared that she had herself done Data Analyst Nanodegree from Udacity and how that has helped her. Finally, when I got the job the things I learnt in my courses helped me a lot to get into the role and perform various types of data analysis. I still go back to my course work and other free courses available on the platform to learn new skills and technologies or revise the ones I have learnt.I feel the course is great start for anybody looking to enter in the field of data. I have explored a lot of courses offered available online and found Udacity to be one of the best among all.Areas of improvement (as I see it) -1) It is expensive so not every one can afford it. 2) I think Data Analyst Nanodegree should have more detailed course for database and SQL as for most of my interviews for Data Analyst position I was asked questions based on that.3) I think more job related content can be added like questions that are asked for different jobs, how to answer them. This is relevant in times when companies want to hire experienced professionals and they don't want to train people on the job.Overall, udacity is a great platform to learn new skills and technologies. It will go a long way in democratizing the skills that are needed to get high paying jobs. I would like to take this opportunity to sincerely thank all the people associated in building this platform.Read Less",udacity
"I enjoyed very much attending this online course on Machine Learning on Udacity.I learned a lot of new content that I didn't know, but was very eager to know about Data Science.Also, all exercises were very interesting and helped me to better understand... Read More the theory thaught in each lesson.Read Less",udacity
"HI,I would like to Introduce myself as an Udacian, which made the dream of getting quality education at the fingertips of my own time and effort.Once I used to think understanding the AI and its respective algorithms is the hardest ever part, but Udacity... Read More has changed all of that fears and made it possible from just using very though of mine where I feel impossible to start.It all started when I wanted to explore the AI related course work and not sure about my fit. I am searching and analyzing the different course providers to understand where I can be a good fit, but at that time there were very few course providers with free content to analyze myself first then invest. Udacity being the top of the list naturally attracted me with its highly sophisticated and university level free courses. Fortunately I have enrolled in some of basic courses like Statistics and then Python. This gave me boost to get a paid course on Udacity.Ola just after completing my free courses I have understood that missing piece of puzzle, none other than the Self Driving Car Nano degree(SDCND), this is the field where I belongs to. With no doubt ahead I have just started according to the SDCND course guidance. Today I have completed my Intro to SDCND course ware a noble introduction to this amazing field and the most complex ever Deep-learning Nano degree as well on time with out any missing final deadlines. Now enrolled in SDCND and heading towards realizing the long term dream of being a Self Driving Car engineer. To the one friend looking out there about the gaining knowledge when applying and learning the advanced concepts like AI or Full stack developer courses and came across through Udacity, I suggest you are already having the best mentor and guide in the name of Udacity. Take a look and try some free courses to understand how great these people are doing and how much knowledge they can share with you and bring you up.Take a leap forward and become the one Such dreamer who can realize dreams of own and make an Impact.In this amazing journey I thank everyone of the teachers, mentors and friends from the Udacity Community who have helped me to achieve this level.Read Less",udacity
"Overall a good experience.This nano degree will give you confidence to understand the data analysis effectively. Data Science, Data Wrangling, Data Exploration, Data Explanation, Data Visualizations, and making predictions using machine learning.t Overall... Read More satisfied with investment.Read Less",udacity
"Very well put together class. I loved starting with a little background and then introduced to the tools (Excel, SQL, Tableau) to make use of the concepts. The lesson and practice were a great way to learn. The final projects helped you put it all together... Read More in a meaningful way. Successfully completing the project gave me a sense of accomplishment and confidence I was learning. I also appreciated that the instructors actually didn't pass you automatically. I had to re-submit a couple times.Even though I have completed the Nanodegree I often revisit the lessons. they are that good.Read Less",udacity
"Before this course, my skills about data science was limited by 1048576 rows in the excel's worksheets, with the nanodegree in data science, i learned to working and schearching beyond, and in a way more easy and simple, improving potentially my analysis... Read More skills. In my opinion, in certain moments the course was very fast, and i had difficult to follow up. May be, to better teach, to show more content to students with more difficult, with more ditadic. i hope i had helpened.best regards!Read Less",udacity
ProsVery well pacedFeedback very helpful by mentors to help you buildBrilliant community to assist youGradual progression of each skill until you feel confidentFocus on the conceptual understanding behind topics Build so many skills without realising... Read More which is the biggest assetConsNot enough real-world projects to work on during and after the course to solidify content in your mind and this leads to much of it feeling abstract even though you realise you understand the theory very well after going into a real world job.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity is an online educational platform that focuses on the practical side of learning. For example, if you want to understand how to program or learn about Machine Learning they have nanodegrees designed to take you through video content to teach you... Read More the basics and then apply what you recently learned to projects that are reviewed by actual individuals. The content has been growing at quick rate, while they are continuously updating old content to use the latest technologies and programming language versions. Udacity has taught me so much in the domain of Artificial Intelligence and I will continue to use their platform and services for the foreseeable future!Read Less",udacity
"Overall, the course that I took was great, they discuss some concepts fast. They try to make they conopt clear but sometimes they just fastpace it. Project submission is somehow does not feel personalized rather than kind of ready blocks. My course uses... Read More Alteryx exclusively, which I think is i general not a good application use rather than having more than an application.Read Less",udacity
"I've tried a lot of online learning platforms and Udacity is one of the better ones. I like, especially, the slack community that they provide. This helps not only with getting help with lessons but it provides a way to cope with the challenges of learning... Read More alone online. I also like the project based focus. I think the only way to learn coding is by implementing what you've learn on real world projects.Read Less",udacity
Udacity Self-Driving Car Engineering program is not just a list of videos to watch it is just like a University. It has very good career support and amazing content about the topic you learn. Believe me when you complate this Nanodegree you will 100%... Read More see the difference.Read Less,udacity
"In the summer of 2016 while I was in my 2nd year of college honestly not much was going right. I saw a pinup on the college notice board for a scholarship by Google to complete Udacity's Nanodegree in Android Development. I applied after 3-4 rounds of... Read More interviews I got in, I couldn't believe myself. Before I joined college I had a vision that one day I'll be developing apps for mobile devices but had no means of guidance or support so this opportunity came in at just the right time. In India there's a neck to neck competition for everything thanks to the population, so I needed that extra push when I had to apply for Jobs/ Internships. I was able to complete my Nanodegree under 12 months which usually costs over a Lac rupees which I wouldn't have been able to afford otherwise. In 12 months during my college I was already a good android developer. After which I worked for a startup in my third year and help them build an app that currently has over a million downloads on the Play Store. Since then I haven't looked back, I've worked for various early stage startups. Udacity's Nanodegree in Android Development and Google gave me an opportunity for which I'll forever be indebt. I cannot thank them enough. It helped me kickstart my career as an Android Developer. Since then I've learned a lot of new skills and technologies such as React Native,etc. Currently I'm working as a React Native developer and a game tester for a well funded Malta based startup in India. I have aspirations to work for giants like Google and Facebook one day.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has great method and It was better than I expected. Lots of practices and great didatics from the instructors. The knowledge I acquired has been really useful and for sure I'd do other courses. Until now, it has been my best e-learning experience.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
I had a chance to complete 2 nanodgree program from Udacity. Both of them were great and helpful to grow my career. Now hostly I promoted on my job but I am also getting lots of offers. Udacity has great content with great teachers and great mentors.... Read More On nanodegree programs you complete real world challenging projects which make you ready for the market. I strongly recommend Udacity for everyone.Read Less,udacity
"Pros: The learning content is great--concepts are clearly explained and reinforced with the quizzes in each section and the projects use real world problems and data sets. The recent addition of 1:1 technical mentors is definitely a plus. The recent addition... Read More of pay-as-you-go plans is definitely also great.Cons: Some of the videos in the Business Analytics Nanodegree program in the Excel and SQL sections are very unpolished, with poor sound quality, poor screen capture quality, and the instructor seems to lose their train of thought mid-demonstration at times. All other sections of the program had professional, polished videos with instructors that were clear and enthusiastic.Overall, the quality of content is well worth the cost of the programs. Highly recommended for those seeking to be promoted in their current role, or to start a new career in something different (they provide career services after graduation, including 5 free consults with a career mentor in your field of study).Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has a fantastic model for learning. I took their ""Ai Programming With Python"" nanodegree and I learned a ton of great skills and got to see some cool technologies. My favorite part of my Udacity experience is the career services they provide.... Read More You are able to create a profile and show off the nanodegrees you've earned and skills that you've learned. This profile is visible to the career partners that Udacity works with, enabling you to be seen by big tech companies.Read Less",udacity
"The pros were learning something new and something that was adjacent to my field (I am a designer with coding skills now). I've learned how to talk to developers and make it easier for them to understand my designs. The course overall was pretty great... Read More in that you just put in the time you needed to when you could and there was a community to support you. The cons were that I felt the courses didn't really support or flow into each other at some point, which felt like a learning curve I had to overcome. Overall, a great program to learn the basics of Front-end Web Development.Read Less",udacity
Nano Degree was perfect learning for real time experience. The course was covering all the minute details. The projects were perfect to gain experience. Community was helpful to gain a working experience of team. Career oriented courses realy helped to... Read More upgrade resumeRead Less,udacity
"Learned a lot , discover new things , easy explanation , just perfect for any one who want to tap on a new areas or deepen his knowledge .They provide a monthly installments which ease your way to gain new knowledge .Couldn’t find a better than udacity... Read More in terms of ease of use, interaction with instructors and other students. Udacity is topRead Less",udacity
"They help me to learn with a professional and organizational matters , I got a various skills on very simple ways, and the staff was so friendly and helpful whenever I need for help.I would like to take another course if I can I hope I’ll soon.Thank you... Read More Udacity.Read Less",udacity
This program does not prepare or assist in a transition into a software engineer role. The content is overwhelming and not at all well paced. Whole sections are arduous explanations of theory with no break for implementation. It entirely feels as if Udacity... Read More maximizes their theory in an effort to maximize the time necessary to compete the program. Absolutely worthless.Read Less,udacity
"Thanks to Udacity I gained key insights and knowledge regarding Front End development. This course allowed me to further my career in Marketing, by being able to not only design and research marketing canpaigns, but to create my own webpages, as well... Read More as to navigate their code for further analysis. I highly recommend it to anybody looking to either start a new career as a programmer, or to gain new skills to be batter at their current roles!Read Less",udacity
"I loved the Nanodegree because it's very human-oriented experience, they have a support system that leaves no student behind, it's a personalized support system, moreover, the mentors are kind individuals available when we need them, even when I submit... Read More my assignment by a Sunday I received the feedback the same day, and the solution is graded with personalized feedback, that's what made the difference into going with this education platform.Read Less",udacity
"Best part I liked about Udacity -I used Udacity to learn Intro to Self Driving Nano Degree Program and Self Driving Nano Degree (SDND) Program. I liked the way they have created the content from basics to more advanced and complex concepts. They had online... Read More work-space setup to solve the problems. This helped me understand the concepts in a better way. The way the course was organized made it easy for me to grasp the concepts quickly and implement them efficiently. Plus they have real life projects based on autonomous vehicles, this helped me build a great portfolio to showcase to my new employers and helped me in the job change.Because of this I also enrolled in Sensor Fusion Nano Degree (SFND) Program with them again and completed it recently.Things I didn't like about Udacity -In the Intro to SDND program they had assigned one to one mentor for each candidate, this helped me solve my problems quickly, but in the SDND program they took away the personal 1:1 mentor concept instead they introduced student hub where students plus few mentors would solve your problem collectively. This caused some problems as our conversations were lost there and sometimes the questions remained unanswered. They should improve the student hub as it is not much user friendly.Another thing that I disliked about them is the setup to run the programs on local machine for windows user is not much intuitive. I faced lot of issues while setting up the work-space locally on my machine. They setup for Ubuntu users is pretty simple and straightforward. Later to counter this issue I bought a workstation and created a dual boot Ubuntu system for the Sensor Fusion Nano Degree (SFND) Program.They have LinkedIn, GitHub review services included in the SDND program. They also have career services that can help you with your job search once you are done with the coursework. One thing I disliked about this was there should be an option to opt out of GitHub and LinkedIn review temporarily. Due to time constraints I skipped Github review during SDND program, now I don't have it available when I bought SFND program, I will have to pay extra to buy it separately. They had clearly mentioned about this, but they should take into consideration personal constraints and allow us to postpone it within the one year after the graduation from the course. This would be really helpful.Recommendations to others considering the product:I would suggest having a little bit knowledge about Ubuntu, bash scripting basics and at least a dual boot PC with Ubuntu as one of the OS, and using it for the coursework.Benefits that I realized about Udacity - I am an engineer and I wanted to learn the engineering behind Self Driving cars and wanted to switch my career in the autonomous vehicles field. The concepts taught in this course are directly applied in the field. This helped me understand the engineering behind autonomous vehicles. I was able to create my own project portfolio. This helped me change my job which led to salary and benefit increment.Read Less",udacity
Overall it was a good experience. Learnt a lot. I wish the support in terms of answering questions could have been better. Course was different from regular data analysis courses. I will recommend Udacity to anyone who is looking to build on their already... Read More existing skills.Read Less,udacity
"My course was AI in Python, and I did it for 3 months. I was slow in the beginning and caught up the pace later on in the course, there were certain things about Python I learnt about a lot and the mathematics videos from Khan Academy were really amazing!... Read More There was a really good balance of the mathematics and the programming parts. However, unfortunately the support I received wasn't enough and I didn't get answers to my questions sufficiently and on time.Read Less",udacity
"I am a self-taught developer. During my researches and studies, I attempted a few online courses. Udacity, in my opinion, is offering the most comprehensive experience and knowledge. I am using this knowledge every day since I graduate. I recommend it... Read More to anyone, who is seeking valuable online courses.Read Less",udacity
"I'd like to talk about my experience studying at Udacity, and how it helped me get my long-awaited first job, I'm a computer engineering graduate, so when I finished college I was a little lost, I didn't know which career to choose, I wanted to pursue... Read More I had a career in artificial intelligence, but I was afraid of not getting a job, so I started researching the market and realized that it is a growing area and there are many opportunities, that's when I met Udacity, I completed 3 nanodegrees programs, artificial intelligence, deep learning and machine learning engineer, Udacity helped me a lot to reach my professional goals, gave me a solid foundation and all the knowledge I needed to enter the job market, the courses are dynamic and interactive, the approach is totally practical, with many tests and labs, and at the end of each module the student develops a project with feedback from a reviewer, did The attics they use are great, easy to understand, and a lot of fun, and instructors are a reference in their field, yet Udacity brings the very latest and all the support students need, such as individual mentoring and career guidance. , it was an amazing experience for me, and if it wasn't for Udacity it would certainly still be stagnant, today I have a great job in my area and I work in a consultancy, I have a lot to thank Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"I have done few websites before i was enrolled to the FEND, what i can say after finished the course is my way of thinking about websites has changed completely, by using modern tools, frameworks i was able do what i used to do in 2 month just in 2 weeks... Read More because I became more confident using the front end languages and automating my working environment helped me to write less code and get the same results I look for.For 4 years i was looking for a developer job but always i was getting rejected because i was nit good enough, 5 month after finishing the course i got my first job as a web developer.Thanks a lot for everyone who worked very hard (and ate a lot of donuts) to create such an amazing course.Read Less",udacity
"I did my graduation in Manufacturing Engineering and switched to software development early in my career. After working for 6+ years in software, I was looking out for some course at the convergence of mechanical and software engineering fields. I got... Read More my eye rolled on Self-Driving Nanodegree Program and decided to try my hands on it. I opted for the 3-Term program. I devoted next 12 months in completing this course and had a fulfilling experience. Here are some pros and cons in my point of view:Pros:1. Engaging projects2. Flexibility and support to try on different solutions.3. Covers critical components of autonomous vehicle4. Great Slack community with good research discussions related to pertaining topics.Cons:1. Some projects are difficult to work on local system. Though Udacity provides Workspaces where the projects could be worked on, but that is not very convenient atleast for me to work on browser as used to working with my local IDE.2. Job Support could be better.Read Less",udacity
There are no real cons. The program is useful albeit slightly expensive. It helped me get a job in the field so no regrets. The field itself is very large and any program can only realistically begin to scratch the surface of the various aspects involved... Read More in data science and machine learning; such as everything from cleaning data to fitting a model and interpreting its performance.Read Less,udacity
One day i was sitting im my college class room One of my friend talking about udacity .He was saying udacity courses are so cool and awesome. Every thing taught in the course is updated and require in the market . First i don't believe him but then i... Read More open the site and take JavaScript free course because i was interested in front end developement .When i go through course I found some really different and new concepts. When i share these newly learn concept to friends i feel kind of rockstar . Then i got udacity google scholarship and i did completed front end nanodegree . My experience with the front end nanodegree as follow:- Positive :-Live mentor.Easy explaination of taugh and complex concepts.Project review system was awesome it's help you know your mistake while making projectHands on practice exercise Massive developer community support when you get stuck .ConsSome more projects should be added to getMore practice.That all what i experience .Read Less,udacity
I have taken the Android Beginner Nano degree course and it's the best Academic decision that I have taken.I have a B.Tech Degree and an MBA as well but I consider this Udacity course to be my memorable Learning experience. The Projects milestones were... Read More flexible and of a higher quality and they were helpful to give me the confidence to build my own app.The mentors were very friendly and the online interface for learning and completing the milestones are really good. I am grateful to Udacity and will continue to do the other nanodegree in the near future.Read Less,udacity
"Learning a new skill set can be challenging, and there are so many institutions all claiming to have the solution, making it really difficult to decide. As a small business owner, it is not about the certificate or a title for me, it's just about being... Read More able to do the job! I was looking for a new way to make a living because of a back injury. There I was trying to figure out how to use WordPress when someone shared a link to the Google Africa Scholarship challenge. The prize for completing the challenge, and doing well, was a Scholarship with Udacity. For someone with no understanding or experience it was hard for me, but much to my amazement the way the material was presented with video tutorials, explanations, and chat access to other students helped me get it done. After the challenge I thought ""well that was a good learning experience, they will probably not select me."" How wrong I was, I was awarded the scholarship for the Front End Web Developer nano degree. About six months of learning many new and exiting things about what all is involved in being a Front End Web Developer that can work in a team, with many projects to practice what I was learning. What stood out for me with Udacity was their ability to break complicated subjects down into understandable chunks, while moving at a decent sometimes hectic pace to keep you on your tows. At the end they gave me a certificate along with continued access to the material for revision. Like I said at the beginning of this review, ""it is not about the certificate or a title for me, it's just about being able to do the job!"" I can say with confidence that I have benefited greatly from studying with Udacity because the results speak for themselves! In less than a year I have gone from knowing nothing about web development, to building websites, and web apps with code that function well across browsers and devices. Yes I also use WordPress for some sites to save time, but what I can do with WordPress now that I can code, and what I could do with WordPress before are not even comparable! I have no hesitation recommending Udacity to anyone wanting to learn a new skill. The nano degree I did, is just one of the many really cool nano degrees they offer. The question is: Why would you go to any other university, spend 4 to 5 years ""studying"" material that has little or nothing to do with an actual job? Udacity allows you to stay home, learn only what you want to learn in relation to a specific job or industry, and build your career while you continue doing more short, job specific, nano degrees. If you want to sample the goods before committing, Udacity has some free courses to try out.Read Less",udacity
I enjoyed the video's much more than some of the other places that have you working on a software that is like a real environment but sometimes is buggy and doesn't work. With Udacity it was videos and chat rooms. I used my certification to get a job... Read More in the tech Field I'm working at Now. I also like that whatever I did complete I still have access too! It's nice to review and go back whenever I want.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity's programs and instructors are top notch. The courses are changing and engaging, and I feel the program gave me the skills and confidence to pursue work as a web developer. And they have a great variety of programs to suit your desires. They continue... Read More to build and refine their offerings.Read Less",udacity
"Nano degree content was awesome. I love how they present material and design assessments. I have finished Deep Learning Nano Degree so far, but going to start more. They give right material during course and superior references to addition materials.... Read More The most I like about Udacity it is work oriented, I have already applied a lot of knowledge I received from nano degree at my work.Read Less",udacity
"I took deep learning foundation nano-degree. I found it is a really interesting program. It taught me about the fundamentals regarding deep neural networks and specific neural network architectures that were invented to solve specific problems (image... Read More processing, natural language processing, etc).Read Less",udacity
"What i like about Udacity was the content quality they offer from lessons to projects. And of course, the career services that comes with the Nanodegrees. The only con that would come to my mind is that (rarely) the content can be general and hard to... Read More understand at first.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:1) The theory is taught without the student getting bored.2) The interactive sessions by mentors helps best at remembering the course3) The best and the most valuable part are the projects. The projects match the current technology standards and... Read More the review of the project, help you gain the insight on the coding criterionCons:1) Sometimes, the mentors(doubt solving ones) are unable to explain due to limitations of text chat only.Read Less",udacity
I just can't find words to express how good is the feeling of been an Udacity alumni. This was the best course that I've ever taken. It made a powerful change on my career and also in my personal life and I'm so thankful to Udacity for the great work... Read More that they provide.Read Less,udacity
"Personally I believe the Pros would include the depth of the curriculum, learnt topics I had no idea ever existed. I became well versed in mathematics as this is a prerequisite for Machine Learning (What I studied). Usually you here the argument between... Read More knowing math or not for effective machine learning, undergoing this course, I gained confidence in my abilities. I am not so sure I observed what I would call cons, there were a bit of difficulty communicating and understanding the mentor ( he was greek, and his English was a bit confusing) eventually tho with frequent meetings, we overcame that barrier.Read Less",udacity
"Personally I believe the Pros would include the depth of the curriculum, learnt topics I had no idea ever existed.I became well versed in mathematics as this is a prerequisite for Machine Learning (What I studied). Usually you here the argument between... Read More knowing math or not for effective machine learning, undergoing this course, I gained confidence in my abilities.I am not so sure I observed what I would call cons, there were a bit of difficulty communicating and understanding the mentor ( he was greek, and his English was a bit confusing) eventually tho with frequent meetings, we overcame that barrier.Read Less",udacity
"It was an amazing experience. Before I started, I knew little about programming. After I finished just a single Nanodegree program, I became a true programmer. I was able to understand SQLite databases, APIs, and much more. The instructors for the first... Read More several courses were easy to understand and keep up with. However, the instructors for the 4th course were harder to comprehend. Overall, it was certainly worth it.Read Less",udacity
"Studying with Udacity was an important move I've made in my career. I've started with Digital Marketing Nanodegree, then Startup Founder Nanodegree and finally Computer Vision Nanodegree and the most important thing is that I could and still can find... Read More jobs on each area. The benefits are immediately felt.Pros: The curriculum is very up to date, the material is high quality, the instructors have a lot of experience and the support during the journey is unique.Cons: Could be a cheaperRead Less",udacity
I was a part of Mobile Web Specialist Nanodegree. I have to say that I wasn't planning to become a Front-End developer and had only a basic knowledge about the JS ecosystem before the course. The lessons covered all of the bases and made me actually qualified... Read More to become a professional developer. Even though now I am a backend developer the course gave me a very important jump-start for my career.Read Less,udacity
"It was an interesting course, organized in step, where the most active students went on and this help to try my best and learn as much as possible. A good mix of teory and practice with the support of mentors made me learn good base to search find a work... Read More in this sectorRead Less",udacity
"I've completed several Udacity Nanodegrees and have thoroughly enjoyed the experience. The projects were a great opportunity to build out my portfolio, and the feedback from mentors was invaluable. Their career services department is excellent, and I've... Read More been introduced to several different opportunities through their alumni network. After graduating from my last Nanodegree, I signed on to mentor students taking the same course. I recommend Udacity highly!Read Less",udacity
"It's overall good course. I did the nanodegreee program, hence it had little bit of structure to follow and suggested due dates and actual required finish dates Having a deadline really helped especially I work full time and had to set aside free time... Read More for the program. Also Udacity had good reveiwers in general so if i missed one thing in the assignment i would have know what i did wrong.Since it's really hard to get much feedback if i work alone online this having multiple assignments to submit and having a due date really helped to finish the course.Read Less",udacity
Udacity is a good platform for beginners but at some parts they don’t explain the context of the code they write. Otherwise it offers a wonderful opportunity to learn and enhance your knowledge. Especially if you have basic knowledge it can help you to... Read More an expertise in that.Read Less,udacity
"The course in general was excellent, the time was little short compared to amount of content, the experience was excellent with Misk academy, my only problem was the time.. This is what I remember now wish everyone success. I wish that you have the same... Read More courses in arabic because the important is the skill not the language it self..Read Less",udacity
"Follow intro to programming nanodegree allowed me to catch up on some coleagues capability and keep evolving within the company. The nanodegree is very good to put you in your ""stretch zone"" as mentioned in one of the video... Exercise a a bit easy if... Read More you have some background but gets more complicated as you go through the course.Read Less",udacity
"I got a Mobile Web Specialist Nanodeegre some months ago, it was a unforgottable experience, I met people around the world to sharing tips, toughts and experience. I was followed by a professional mentor that encourage and help me during the journey to... Read More obtain my Nanodegree.I absoutley raccomand this experience for everyone who wants learn new tecnologies,or expand their skills and also wants to take part of fantastic community.. because It's always better together!!!Read Less",udacity
"I took two courses at udacity, both were very clear, easy to follow even without proper programming knowledge, and very well organized.I highly recommend it for enriching your knowledge, though I don't have any first hand experience with using it directly... Read More for career advancement, seen as I only used the knowledge I gained here to demonstrate general coding abilities and doesn't currently work at the field I studied.Read Less",udacity
"Digital Marketing Nano-degree was an important step for me in my career changer process. I switched from writing and teaching into Digital Marketing. Digital Marketing Nano-degree includes various live projects like Facebook Campaign, Email Marketing... Read More , Google Ad-words Campaign and many others. These projects work as a practice environment that prepare students for the real work projects.Read Less",udacity
"Deployment my project using Amazon Lightsail for this project ,Lightsail is an easy-to-use cloud platform that offers me everything needed to build my application or website, plus a cost-effective, monthly plan. Whether i am new to the cloud or looking... Read More to get on the cloud quickly with AWS infrastructure i trust, I’ve got covered.Read Less",udacity
"At first I didn't expect such quality on the course content but I was sorprised in a good way the videos are clear and self explicatives, the assignements are very coherent with goals of each module and the feedback was very enriching. I found a job opportunity... Read More short before finished the course and obtain it without trouble.Read Less",udacity
"I am absolutely satisfied from my experience A very well structured program with full time support by the mentors . Despite the fact that I didn’t have any experience with coding, the lessons are formed in a way that everything felt right and the learning... Read More process was easy and intriguing. Udacity makes you feel secure and strong,so that you will continue your efforts with the greatest motivation.Read Less",udacity
"The Full Stack Web Developer nanodegree I took was very well structured with increasing level of difficulty. All supporting material was clear and relevant to the tool/skill taught. The video lectures were very well constructed and it was great to be... Read More able to repeat or skip material based on personal level of knowledge. Feedback from the submitted projects was very detailed and many times offered alternative code suggestions of how to achieve specific functionality, which enhanced the learning experience. It’s also great that a series of courses are offered for free, to refresh/enhance our knowledge.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: I learned a lot in this program and really liked how it was structured. Their platform made it easy to practice the assignments and to learn the materials. The final assignment helped wrap up what you learned across the other sections. As a fairly... Read More new analyst, It was cool to dive into SQL. I've already started applying what I've learned from the course to my work projects.Cons: This program takes several weeks and the assignments take time so plan accordingly. It's worth the time investment but you will need to set time aside to complete the assignments/tasks.Read Less",udacity
The AI Programming with Python Nanodegree hat the following Pros:- best practice know how about starting out with Artificial Intelligence- strong systematic foundation- great mathematics training for AI - real world projects that impress people around... Read More me - I learned to navigate through a complex ecosystem - especially debugging with the console- Strong need from employers to have experience with Artificial Intelligence- Amazing foundation to move on w/ more advanced programs (e.g. self-driving car)The Cons:- I would have loved some more teachers sharing their experience how they can keep pace with the rapid changing industry (e.g. learning to work through an open source documentation)Read Less,udacity
"Consize, understandable and ENJOYABLE curriculum, supportive community, soeverything is given to finish the course successfully! As for the job search: We have to be brave to breake into the industry, but with a determined mindset it's possible. Honestly... Read More I recommend this school to my friends in real life!Read Less",udacity
"Amazing Experience with Udacity , I Took the Udacity Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree Program to prepare myself for the job industry , and Udacity helped me a lot to land my first job as a web developer , it contains a rich experience of videos , articles... Read More , hands-on and most important Projects ! Also, the Mentors helped a lot not only to write a working code, but an optimized code!Read Less",udacity
The Self-Driving Car Engineer Nano-degree was certainly one of the game-changers in the industry. They teach us valuable information using experienced people in the industry specially from Mercedes-Benz and BMW. It was absolutely an outstanding experience... Read More for me and I am sure I had learned so many cool stuff that they are still useful in my research.Read Less,udacity
"Generally speaking, I was satisfied with the curriculum of Java Developer Nanodegree that focused mainly on Java Spring Boot. The course consists of several lessons, you will learn a bit of theory, answer quiz questions and you will be provided with many... Read More links to useful resources. The core of the course is to finish the projects following the instructions. The projects are quite challenging, you have to go through the documentation in order to finish the projects. Important notes:- I would not recommend this course for Java beginners. I would even recommend to know a bit of Java Spring before starting the course.- The first lesson was horrible but the quality of other lessons was really high- I finished the course in 2 months, so if you have enough time, try to choose the option to pay for the course monthly instead of purchasing the whole course- My intention was not to find a new job, so I cannot say anything about the Udacity career support. However, their LinkedIn, GitHub and CV reviewers are outstanding and doing a great job.- Udacity chat is a great place to interact with other Udacity students and share tips.My final thoughts: I would definitely purchase other Udacity's nanodegree, but the price is too high.Read Less",udacity
"I was enrolled in Deep Reinforcement Learning Nanodegree. It is divided into 4 modules. First one consists of the basic RL framework. It introduces you to the basics of Reinforcement learning without adding any deep learning element. You get many small... Read More projects to in between the chapters. The second module introduces the deep learning aspect in reinforcement learning. You learn about various implementations of Deep Q Networks. At the end, you have a project, which is graded. The third module takes advanced topics in Deep Reinforcement Learning like DDPG, PPO, TRPO, etc. Honestly, these topics are not taught at as much depth as you would expect. The fourth module is about learning by Self Play. Both the third and fourth module are not that great. The are many elements missing. The curriculum could have been deeper. Here is my overall experience: I paid around 850 dollars for this nano degree and so far, I don't think I have got my money's worth. There are other courses that have more content for far less money. As for placement is concered, Since, I did not find many opportunities that I expected. Be selective for the nano degree you apply for. Some are great, while some aren't so much.Read Less",udacity
"Study at udacity was very good especially the teachers who are excellent that along with a spectacular platform has a perfect set for learning, in my case could not learn linear algebra but with udacity was much easier than I imagined and still fun Nothing... Read More bad for the course I will do others.Read Less",udacity
I had never researched artificial intelligence before and this program was great about starting at the basics and clearly explaining concepts to help you learn quickly and get into the field. They also did a good job with keeping the class material and... Read More projects interesting and engaging while working as a solid learning tool.Read Less,udacity
"I took the Data Analyst Nanodegree as a prerequisite to enter the Data Analytics masters degree at WGU. The Udacity course work was challenging but was presented in an easy to follow format. Each lesson had multiple practice sets and quizzes to reinforce... Read More learning. This easy to follow format I noticed is within other courses, too, as I have taken many of the free classes Udacity has provided. I still often reference the Udacity course for guidance in my masters, as of this review, they leave the courses in the degree open for reference for one year after completion. A huge help. In the future, I would like to take other Udacity courses, and I recommend anyone considering Udacity to go for it or at least try a free course.Read Less",udacity
"Pros - good quality and decent length videos, great project applications, warm and welcoming staff, some mentors are exceptional on KnowledgeCons - Development environment setups are outdated, which can be highly frustrating, mentor may not be knowledge... Read More in exact area, quick support on Knowledge is limited, some reviewers are extremely nit-pickyRead Less",udacity
"I have attended the DMND at Udacity, my experience was amazing. I like how the course was structured, it was more than digital marketing knowledge it was a review on marketing strategy and planning. A lot of tricks and tools were introduced. I totally... Read More recommend it for marketing professionals or entrepreneurs.Read Less",udacity
"Very good opportunity to learn easily programming from scratch and all that for just few months. All the information is presented in understandable language in video tutorials and lessons. Polite mentors support you through all the journey and are there... Read More for you when you got a speciffic question, also very helpfull.Read Less",udacity
"The Full-Stack Developer Nanodegree is my second Nanodegree after the Digital Marketing one. So far, the experience has been amazing because of how well is the content structured and developed. It provides you the basics and core fundamentals to develop... Read More server-side applications, and connect then with modern Frontends. In addition, projects really make you improve your development skills because include additional concepts that are not covered in the main topics. However, they provide enough guidance to know what path to follow in order to master them. I like the practical skills I acquire every time I develop a new project.Read Less",udacity
"I started the course with in mind a standard video course with some home exercise, but I found something very different! Students were in contact constantly, with the possibility to meet some of them physically. This in my opinion was great, different... Read More from any other online course I did.Read Less",udacity
I have attended two programs front end 1 and 2 programs . These programs help you give a better understanding of the creation of websites.Pros.1. Very good learning material.2. Good learning curve.3. Expressive learning.Cons.1. Can be a better UI.2. More... Read More learning material.Read Less,udacity
"While I was taking my Udacity course I was encouraged by the community that was created. The community of people that helped each other along the way to complete the assignments was a joy to be a part of. I also enjoyed the Udacity degree program because... Read More it helped affirm many of my self-taught tendencies, so that I felt I could be more bold in conversations with other developers. When I began to learn I was helping others in the Udacity program it helped me realize I could help other developers in my local areas, and not only those in the Udacity program.Read Less",udacity
"The machine learning nanodegree is a complete package. Going at a gradual pace from the very basics to the cutting edge techniques, this course helped me sharpen my skills not only in machine learning concepts but also computer science fundamentals. The... Read More guided projects are a great way to get your hands dirty and the reviewers push you continuously to do better. I recommend this course to anyone who asks me where to get started with machien learning.Read Less",udacity
I love Udacity courses mainly Android Developer courses. They explain everything in a way any one can understand.Because of the projects in the course we can develop a portfolio of our work will will help in job search. Android Developer Nanodegree landed... Read More me in my dream career.Read Less,udacity
"DMND was a great way to get an overview of digital marketing activities, platforms and tools. All the power to the student, who must be self-engaged to take classes and complete the tasks in a timely manner. Good experience and helped me a lot as I started... Read More to put into practice what I was learning at my job.Read Less",udacity
"Great overview for someone completely new to the field of robotics/automated driving. I learned a lot about topics that I had not yet been exposed to. On topics I had been exposed to, I didn't learn much and thought they could have done a better job covering... Read More the material and connecting it to the overall goal. I also learned a lot from the assignments but sometimes felt there was a disconnect between the lessons and the homework.Read Less",udacity
"I learned some stuff, but overall the material wasn't that great for a developer who already knew how to code but was new to front end web dev. In particular I felt that some of the material didn't go deep enough into best practices. Overall it was insufficient... Read More for me.Read Less",udacity
"I took Udacity's Nanodegree program for Android development. I wasn't new to programming but was coming in as an experienced software engineer working on the web, but wanting to learn native Android development. I found the courses to be extremely high... Read More in quality. Granted, I was paying for the Nanodegree program, but I think you can actually take some of these courses for free, albeit you won't have access to the support from Udacity to work through projects. Udacity's courses actually gave me enough of a foundation in Android for me to pass the Android interview for Gigster, and I was able to accomplish all of this in around 5 weeks of time. I was cramming in the courses and putting in a lot of time into side projects and courses, but I think it says something that I could pass an interview with a professional freelance platform just with the knowledge gained from Udacity courses. The knowledge gained was also enough to complete 3 professional Android projects. I would happily take more Udacity courses in the future when I decide that I want to learn something new.Read Less",udacity
Udacity content is great you will not find this anywhere. Coming to projects and reviews will give an edge to do things differently and be creative. Their job fair is supercool as you will find everything under one roof and alumni network is also great.... Read More Whatever I am today and I will be in future udacity role will be always there.Read Less,udacity
"If you want to dive into machine learning and you are looking for programs which will not be pricey but will give you a real knowledges - than the Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree program is for you. Udacity give you opportunity to reach this program... Read More for free with AWS DeepRacer Scholarship challenge. From my experience with AWS DeepRacer Scholarship challenge, just from home with absolutely amazing Udacity workspace: smart structure of all lessons, perfect teachers and with practice tasks - there is no way do not understand all given information. Even if you will have some difficulties and stuck on something, you always can ask a help in a Slack, so mentors or classmates could help you. Will you reach the Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree program for free it just depends from your efforts. Anyway I am sure that with all programs which Udacity provides you will reach all necessary knowledges for your future job of your dreams!Read Less",udacity
"Even though I experienced some bumps in the road but that comes with the territory when gaining expertise in anything in life. By far, I learn more from Udacity in comparison to the university in which I obtained my degree. It was a much more hands-on... Read More version of learning and they actually took the time in the video to make you more comfortable with the curriculum. By the end of the first half of the trial period where you have to prove what you are capable of, I way more confident then any point of my life when it came to coding. I want to thank Udacity for the opportunity and believing in me and I look forward to see how I can return to their system of learning in the future.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: You can learn at your own pace and don't worry about the many deadlines you have when taking a course at university (there is one deadline only which is the deadline for the whole program).  You have always a mentor who answers your questions and... Read More provides personal feedback on your project.  In many cases, a Udacity nanodegree can lead to a job, but in all cases it can definitely be a great start to learn more about those (side)-interests that you always had but didn't have the opportunity to learn about. From there, you can self-study and do projects on your own and build up your resume.Cons:  This is still improving. So expect some of recently added nanodegrees to sometimes lack enough content in certain areas.Read Less",udacity
"I took the Business Analyst Nanodegree and it was fabulous. I was encouraged along the way and got to learn SQL, Tableau, and Data Analysis via Excel. We had a peer to peer network which was very active as well as our TA's were helpful too. Also, the... Read More projects allowed us to flex our intelligence a bit in regards to what we were taught and really helped get down pat the concepts covered.The Con: perhaps 1 video session would be cool..Read Less",udacity
"Pros: Cheap and quick compared to a degree, focused on practical matters and hands-on learning. Udacity has good connections to recruiters, once I finished the degree I was contacted by a number of them and received an offer. Material is high quality... Read More given by top-notch people.Cons: Lack of depth means you will have to do a lot of work to catch up with the other candidates for the role unless you have other benefits to bring to the table (mine was years of software engineering experience). Lack of face-to-face interaction means you leave without much of a network.Read Less",udacity
"O curso foi muito educativo e interativo, o que acabou por me incentivar a seguir estudando sobre a área. O curso apresentou as principais bibliotecas e funções da linguagem Python para Data Science além da ferramenta Anaconda que contêm os principais... Read More pacotes já instalados, otmizando o tempo de prática de atividades.Hoje faço estágio em BI mas pretendo continuar estudando pra me tornar Data Science e uso muito do que aprendi no curso de Data Science que fiz pela Udacity e que deu mais destaque ao meu currículo, aumentando minhas chances de conseguir um trabalho.Read Less",udacity
"I took the digital marketing course in 2017 and it was very important to me. Since this, i work with digital marketing to instagram and facebook and I have many clients.The course is strong and have good content. It have content to google, facebook and... Read More mail chimp. I learned work with many social networks, marketing strategies, each other things.Great course, Udacity great school.Read Less",udacity
"The great thing about this program was the feedback on projects that you would get, it allowed me to figure out what I was doing wrong and how to improve on it. The feedback information pushed me to find better solutions for the problem! It was an exciting... Read More opportunity to work with the given projects and would highly recommend others to try it.Read Less",udacity
I'd like to thank Udacity for that program.I enrolled in the Android Developer Nanodegree through a scholarship by Google. I was lucky to have a chance like this and to earn the Nanodegree certificate.The community there was really helpful and I benefited... Read More a lot from them.In addition to the connections I made.Another good thing about Udacity is the code review. It helped me a lot improve my coding skills.Thanks UdacityRead Less,udacity
I'm a big fan on Udacity. I used to study online a lot but Udacity is at another level. In fact I've recently finished my 5th Nanodegree!The method and quality of the content is really good. Say good bye to the old way to learn stuff and learn with the... Read More best with methodologies coming from Google.Read Less,udacity
"I'm currently studying my second Nano degree and on my opinion Udacity it's the most complete and supportive online academy I ever work with it. Is not only the curriculum but the tremendous support they have such mentors, slack channels, great reviewers... Read More for your projects!Read Less",udacity
The courses are built in a way that helps both beginners and professional students. All of their content is very accessible and that is important for me as I am deaf. Their support is great and the only con I have is that they've ceased their operation... Read More in my country.Read Less,udacity
Pros: self learning that gives scope for exploring your self that builds confidence and grip of memory. Easy understanding language and guidance. Affordable price and flexibility of studying any time any where. Accessibility to more students and groups.... Read MoreCons: not availability of mentors in need / readily is drawbackRead Less,udacity
"Took the program to learn a new set of skills and was very pleased with the whole course. The techaers and the mentors will help you out at any moment, same as your classmates. The lessons are designed to help you build your portfolio so when you finish... Read More the program you have a nice resume with some great projects under your belt to help you get a job.Read Less",udacity
"A bit hesitant at first, I decided to enroll for Data Analyst Nanodegree program of Udacity.The content was so excitng, it blew my mind away.The most comprehensive Data analyst course till date, which I could find on the internet.The course teaches you... Read More to live Data Science rather than learning a bunch of concepts like other courses widely available on the internet.It was a very structured and enriching journey of becoming a certified Data Analyst.Read Less",udacity
Udacity is one of the best online educational companies. I took two programs and my experience was perfect. I handled alot of skills and start my career as a web developer. Amazing company with perfect curriculum and astonishing mentors. If you want to... Read More start your journey start it with Udacity.Read Less,udacity
pros:1. Learn new things2. Gain skills and experience3 - help others4-learn a lot information5-ready for jobs6-Meet new people and make friends7-Training on the labor market8-Mastering new skills9-Ease of learning10-There are no consit is very useful... Read More programRead Less,udacity
Great so tent in the aind program but there was a lack of structure as well as mentor support. I have to say that things have changed and the recent course I did with Udacity data science nanodegree is excellent. Support is very good. Content is now organised.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
Last year I was selected to take part to an Android Developing Scholarship and with that I've discovered several new skills to develop. I have earned the basis to code with Android and experienced a lot of practical uses of this language. Attending Udacity... Read More Course was a turning point in my life: Recommended!Read Less,udacity
"I enrolled in the Mobile Web Specialist Nanodegree program via a Grow with Google scholarship and the experience was great from start to finish. I appreciated the mix of online classes and project work. In addition to providing good instruction, the instructors... Read More in the videos were generally entertaining as well. The exercises allowed me to practice my new skills as I learned. The project provided the greatest opportunities for learning as we applied the lessons in a practical example. The project consisted of three phases that built upon each other so one could not get too far off track. Each phase included minimum requirements for passing (both functional and performance requirements), but students also had room to create and go beyond the minimum requirements. I used that freedom to set ambitious goals for the final phase of the project. Applying the lessons in the project is where the greatest learning occurred for me and by expanding upon the minimum requirements I learned more than I would have otherwise. I also found great value in working with other students and mentors in the slack channel. That provided a great opportunity both to get help almost any time of day or to provide some support when someone had a problem that I had already solved. There were a few cases where the course material had become dated where some of the developer features in Chrome had changed since the video was made, but if I could not figure it out on my own, I could always ask about the difference in the Slack channel.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has always been my go to site to learn something new. As the field of Data Science is growing , it is becoming difficult to keep myself updated with the latest and greatest technologies. With so many resources available online, it becomes very... Read More difficult and time consuming to find and focus on things that are really important for my career goals. The Udacity Nanodegree programs has really helped me to keep my learning process structured, incremental, fun and challenging.Cons:1. Some of the material is repeated including the projects. I would at least like to have unique projects if the course work is repeated.2. Some of the videos run too fast. It becomes very difficult to understand the instructor's point even after playing the video multiple times.Read Less",udacity
"I was able to acquire the necessary knowledge to get work in the development of front end applications, it is a very complete course where you learn what you have to know and the explanations are very clear, i'm satisfied with the experience and i'm thinking... Read More about doing another degreeRead Less",udacity
"When I was a student pursuing my under graduation program, I was interested in the domains like Artificial Intelligent and Machine Learning. Since those were upgrading domains not many support was available. I came through this Udacity course on Python... Read More for Artificial Intelligent and Machine Learning courses. I have enrolled for the course and started learning. Udacity's real time experienced staff and curriculum helped me in understanding how the real world problems are and the ways to resolve them. Using the opportunity I have enrolled for machine learning courses which helped me pursuing my career domain. I have also attended the Udacity Propel event where I made many contacts who are working on Artificial Intelligent and Machine Learning techniques. I have kept working on it and developing my profile in Machine Learning, I am currently working in a start up on Machine Learning and Deep Learning techniques. Udacity really helped me in upgrading myself with real time projects and effective curriculum.Thank you Udacity for my better career.Read Less",udacity
"Compared to other MOOCs, the content by Udacity really get you thinking. Information presented engagingly, in digestible packets that suit learners of different needs - Visual, Text, Audio, Hands-on practice etc. The practices and assignment are not simple... Read More ""textbook examples"", but questions that really gets you thinking. As I took the ""Programming for Data Science Nanodegree"", through the assignments, I was forced to think and come up with my own set of relevant questions to ask on a subject, determine my own method of obtaining the results I want, and evaluating the results that I obtained. All in a systematic thought process, with the necessary supplementing extra-curricular courses that enhanced my work. The work from the projects can be used to demonstrate your ability in the subject matter to potential employers, making it worthwhile for the time spent. The structure and deadline, gave me the much needed discipline to see the course through, compared to other self-paced MOOCs. You will definitely be more inclined to work on the course when there is some pressure to complete the task. The information provided and knowledge acquired is in-depth enough to ensure that you are able to perform the actual task you are required to do in that subject field.The only cons of the course will be the lack of offline support (at least when I took the course). There was no means to download videos for the entire subject topic, had to manually download from each section. You will need internet to access the information. If offline support is provided, it will be much useful for information on the go.Read Less",udacity
"been in a foreign country, running from war in my country, it was really hard to get a job with what i studied in syria, no one acknowledge them.then i found Udacity they were supporting codedoor, i got three nano degrees, and it changed my life, it opened... Read More allot of doors for me...Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is best platform for today's generation of computer science. Udacity is providing best content with best instructor who have real life experience. During my collage time i am very excited about machine learning but not able to find good resources... Read More to learn from. At that time i already know about udacity but didn't take any nanodegree. So at that time i decided to take Ml nanodegree. I checked course syllabus and find that perfect for me for learning. Because udacity include real life projects from scratch to deployment for production. First there was videos explaining algorithms and other things and then small introductry projects and then real life projects. They provides every information and guidelines to complete tfe project. Then there is also a mentor who provide solutions to every problem which comes during projects or other work. After completing project there another part i.e. review. Udacity provides a reviewer who provide honest and best review of every project, so that project must be build good and accurate. There also a community where everyone can post and ask questions and give answers if anyone is facing. And one can also search for their problem which is already answered. Udacity is great platform because its instructors are working in top tech gaints and they have real life experience. So for me it was great.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: technical content is updated, very good practice exercises. Contras: curriculum and career sections are more focused in US people than people from other countries.I missed some more information and data about the hardware used inside the cars",udacity
The Cloud Devops nanodegree program was helpful but some of the chapters were too fast and didn't provide much details. Overall I recommend the Cloud DevOps Nanodegree program to students with some knowledge in cloud services. The projects and quizzes... Read More where really helpful.Read Less,udacity
"I enrolled in the Intro to Self Driving Cars Nanodegree and had a great experience. I have a background in C programming but not Python. The course was a great way to ease into some elements of C++ and get my toes wet in some Python programming which... Read More is a language I have really wanted to try. The course had a good mix of lecture videos, quiz's and projects. The part that I think is the most versatile about this learning platform is the use of the notebooks - if you have access to a web browser you can complete and learn everything to be successful in the course. The rate of the course was also a good fit for balancing my full time job - I didn't feel stressed or under tight time constraints to learn the topics and complete the projects. I will be considering more courses from Udacity in the new year for sure!Read Less",udacity
"I had a great experience with Udacity. The course was challenging but offered a lot of support and was paced well. I started the course with pretty much zero knowledge and while I'm no master now, I understand basic and intermediate concepts, but most... Read More importantly they taught me how to teach myself going forward. It didn't just teach me how to solve a specific problem but it taught me where to go and what to search so that I can solve problems I've never run into before after completing the course. While I'm not currently using the coding languages I learned in the class, the skills were highly transferable and I'm now working on coding projects for my job.Read Less",udacity
I really enjoyed this nano degree course because of following reasons: 1. Course Structure is good 2. Live Projects 3. Flexibility to access the course videos 4. Quick response on project feedback with detailed explanation of each step of the project... Read More 5.1:1 Mentor Drobacks: 1. Job support is not proactive 2. Never receive any call regarding the course from support teamRead Less,udacity
I really enjoyed this nano degree course because of following reasons:1. Course Structure is good2. Live Projects3. Flexibility to access the course videos4. Quick response on project feedback with detailed explanation of each step of the project5.1:1... Read More Mentor Drobacks:1. Job support is not proactive2. Never receive any call regarding the course from support teamRead Less,udacity
"Signing up for this course was a turning point for me. It had perfect material, great support from the teachers, amazing projects that not only based on what I learnt but also showcased the skills that I learnt which indirectly made my job application... Read More stand out. It made me industry ready. Even after almost an year of doing it, the alumni group is still active and supports job search etc. I can't thank Udacity enough.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity's Android Basics progam paved the way for my future. I am now able to program for android and I can use this ability in my future projects. I still use many of the skills I learned during the program, and thanks to Udacity and its support, this... Read More will always be the case.Udacity has great free programs, great and simple interface, and excellent support. However, some courses are a bit outdated.Read Less",udacity
"My experience with Udacity was spectacular, I realized Nanodegree and had the opportunity to go deep into technology. The teachers are very competent and the classes very interactive and intuitive, besides we had a tutor that accompanied throughout the... Read More course, which allowed me to have someone as a support for direct contact. I confess that when looking at the price of the course I came to think of declining, but after the completion of training by Udacity I feel competent to enter a new profession.Read Less",udacity
"I already watch many online courses and Udacity had the right amount of information that caught my eye and the material was current and usable. Courses are pre-recorded, so if any vendors' change their UX during the learning process, you will have to... Read More adjust. Overall and pleasant learning experience that was very easy to do before or after work hours.Read Less",udacity
"Course surveys a broad range of practical, cutting-edge topics in AI. Theory is presented by leading experts in easily digestible video snippets and reading references. The curriculum is well thought-out, and builds on previous topics to convey progressively... Read More complex concepts. The practical coding exercises and homework forms a core part of the learning experience and is supported by personal mentor. The latter also keep you motivated and accountable to keeping pace with the course. A suggestion is to add more (optional) practical exercises to gain a deeper understanding of each topic. Overall an intensive, challenging course, especially when working full-time, but worth completing!Read Less",udacity
Deep Reinforcement LearningPros: Highly relevant material. Projects and tutorials are invaluable. Videos clear and concise.Cons:Never contacted by a tech company through Udacity's job portal. Some project reviews lacking. Needed custom-built PC.,udacity
The best part is the amount of skills this course helps us to accomplish as there are different kinds of projects and each and every topic is taught from scratch and is explained in a good way so that the person who does not have any prior knowledge can... Read More also grab it. Another good thing was the level of projects as they help us to polish our skills and give us the chance to implement the skills that we have learnt. The prices are little high but overall I can say that it is worth it as after completing the entire course your skillset will be on another level and your confidence and problem solving skills will much higher.Read Less,udacity
"It was a very useful course, despite a few bumps as it was the first time through when I took it. From all accounts the experience is much smoother now. What was great about the class were the hands-on projects and the direct feedback from project reviewers.... Read More A few of the projects were much more difficult than advertised, but it was still a good learning experience overall.Read Less",udacity
Pros- best industry orientated course..best project review..Best teaching instructors..not boring lectures..well explained all contents...Course structure is well formatted...Cons- courses are too costly..not enough content compared to course fees,udacity
"Other online schools' courses can feel unstructured and lack direction whereas Udacity provides an online program that allows you to have a life, while still pushing you to succeed and gives you the forums and support system to strive in your chosen course... Read More of study.Their instructors are some of the best in the country in my opinion.Udacity gives you the skills you need for tackling real world problems in a real world job. The skillset you gain also gives you confidence in yourself to be able to tackle the tasks ahead and get through with flying colors.Udacity can provide the life changing training and portable skills to open doors for you to a promising future.Read Less",udacity
"At Udacity, people can advance their careers by learning the latest skills in Cloud Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Machine Learning, Web Development, Data Science, Programming and more through a wide variety of industry-specific Nanodegree... Read More programs, which are recognized by hiring managers throughout the world. Udacity offers value added services such as mentorship, expert instructors, portfolio &amp; resume reviews, career coaching, time management tools, and more.Read Less",udacity
"The content is up to date and world class, the projects challenge you and requires you to put in work, community is active and helpful. The course is extensive and covers the basics as well as advance topics. There is good support from the mentor and... Read More post completion job support is very useful, industry connect is good.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is great if you can stick to your commitments and have the time to work on projects. Even better if you can involve yourself in the forums or on Slack to help others along and get some help yourself. However, the mentor you get assigned to may... Read More not always been super helpful. During my program, they even removed mentors entirely for the back half to the chagrin of most. They're probably more expensive than they should be, so try to get a scholarship.Read Less",udacity
Life can be tough for ethnic minorities in asia but if you are willing to work hard than you get what you wants. I tried many times to do do a local programming degree to a short course but I was refused due to I was consider outsider. One day I was working... Read More as Security Guard did some searches on my Nokia Lumia 1520 phone and founded the Nandegree. To be honest Udacity Nanodegree Intro to Programming had given me skills which let me work as a freelancer. I will advice everyone not to waste and waiting for good days to come rather have some self discipline and do the Nanodegree.Read Less,udacity
"Without Udacity i would NIT have landed my job 6 mi this after graduating college. Although a college degree was a big factor I was among the many many students who graduated with a computer science degree. What set me apart was Udacity, with my Android... Read More nano degree I was able to show off many projects related to all aspects of Android. I was able to explain application structure and now I can architect new features for my companies app.Read Less",udacity
"A big Thanks to Sebastian &amp; Team Udacity for transforming me into a different individual/professional post completion of my DAND program....Udacity does not need reviews actually to please or impress others ; the hard work , dedication , discipline &amp;... Read More transparency put in by ""Team Udacity"" speaks volumes about it...There were only Prons for me as talking about Cons would be like insulting the hard work put in by Mentors , Project Guides , Akshit Jain ,Sebastian Thrun in building up this great platform to enrich thousands of needy professionals across the globe in upskilling &amp; upgrading themselves. ..Let's discuss 'My Journey at Udacity""...Pros: Building Confidence to take up challenges &amp; opportunities with great ease. Getting familiar with latest tools &amp; technologies. Great Application of classroom teachings on hands-on Projects to get accustomed to real world business needs. More than an online course ; the feeling was more homely by able mentors and project guides. The individual programs are designed in such a way that you are kept engaged &amp; involved for those many months/days/hours. It started with a routine work but soon became a part of my daily activity wherein i had to put in fixed no. of hours to learn something new. Highest level of trust when it comes to acquiring new skills...Got enrolled into Big Data Foundation program after completing DAND program.. Best Place to upskill yourself..Value for Money.. Cons: Please Don't make me feel embarrassed ....I did not find any Cons.... Had i really found one , would not have enrolled for another program...  Thanks Udacity for allowing me to speak my heart out....Read Less",udacity
"The course was built with a range of short videos and quiz. To fully understand it, you have to do research and study other materials on your own. And you will have a mentor, career consultant, and assignment reviewer. Also you will have access to chat... Read More room with your fellow students. If you're a person who can use those resources fully, it is recommended.Read Less",udacity
"I know I am better placed to be a C++ engineer than I was before the program. However, I had issues with my last review. I don't think the reviewer tried running the code because they were obvious issues that were not highlighted. I tried getting a new... Read More project review but was never granted that request by Udacity. That was the biggest flaw in the program.Read Less",udacity
"Primarily the Android Nanodegree Program have encouraged me to keep programming , due to i neglected my knowledge since over ten years, so i come back and i started studying with new breath, and i have successfully finished the Android Basics program.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I really loved this program. It was challenging, unique, and I learned more participating in it than I did in any other program. I credit this to Udacity's excellent mentors and everyone who put this program together, as well as the phenomenal students... Read More taking the program who were so motivating and helpful.Read Less",udacity
"I had a very good experience attending Udacity Nanodegree program - AI Programming with Python. The instructors were always available to help with the labs, the quality of learning was superb and sufficient to prepare students for the challenging final... Read More project. I especially loved the videos on Calculus and Linear Algebra - they made math sound beautiful, was a truly enjoyable experience. The project of image classification with open source python libraries was very practical and relevant to my job. I was promoted at my job and moved to more challenging job role shortly after taking this Nanodegree course, along with other AI and data science education.Read Less",udacity
"On my intial day's of Google Udacity scholarship, I didn't know ever how to build website and write to code fully functional website. Udacity made this true by providing mentorship program and slack Private channels to master my basics in front end development.... Read More The only cons about this website is working online ( teaching online).Read Less",udacity
"Early 2018, I only knew C++ from competitive programming and a little bit of Python. At that time, me and my 2 friends knew that we wanted our graduation thesis to be related to deep learning somehow and one of us just got enrolled in the Deep Learning... Read More Foundations Nanodegree. He told us about it and we got to check out the curriculum structure and thought we'd give it a try! I'd be lying if I said that we learned everything about DL after we finished it but we it gave us a solid amount of the basic knowledge just enough to know what we needed to learn next! It was using Tensorflow and Keras at the time. After that we were reading research papers, reading code on Github (of different frameworks too like Pytorch) and implementing different models on our own hardware and training them on our own dataset. We had so much fun during that year and currently we're getting ready to apply to IEEE ICIP: International Conference on Image Processing 2020 to publish our paper ""A benchmark of different facial detection and recognition models on low quality images"".Read Less",udacity
"I really enjoyed learning at Udacity. I won Google Developer Challenge Scholarship for Front End Web Developer Nanodegree program. The program was challenging but at the same time very entertaining with plenty of videos, concise articles that go straight... Read More to the point, programming challenges and exercises. It was great learning experience. Most important thing is to stay organised and learn every day. Program consists of exercises and projects and you can catch up with other students too via Slack and online Platform. Another helpful part is that the mentor is just click away. So, you are not left to your own devices. Teachers publish important information on the dedicated website. I never felt left out or that I am missing out on anything. Regular webinars where you see other developers sharing their learning or work experience or guiding you trough some programming challenge, made me feel like i am attending real University. It was such value able experience.You gradually build your knowledge and sense of achievement. Seeing your project live and receiving constructive feedback from the mentor, catching up with other students (there was always room for jokes and laughs) made learning smooth and much more easier and interesting. They even have career service, so they can help you with the job hunt. And you become part of their linkedIn group and facebook group.I would always recommend Udacity. They listen to the students feedback and improve. And what is the most important, employers value Udacity’s programmes. They seem to like that portfolio full of projects that you build throughout your course.Read Less",udacity
"There are two big pros to the program: 1) the right amount of theory so that participants could work on real projects, and 2) code reviews that are great teaching and motivation moments. The content was relevant (even more so, with new addition of the... Read More course) so it got me the opportunity to attend local bootcamp that led me to change careers.I don't see much cons, maybe that would be the price, but there are more than enough scholarship opportunities for those who are willing to learn.Read Less",udacity
#DMND the digital marketing program provided exactly what they advertise. The course content was to the point and the projects provides you with confidence. The projects are practical. Overall a nice beginner level course to get started with digital marketing.... Read More May or may not suffice with expectations as some might prefer content over projects others might expect community engagement in forums or better support service. But definitely one of the best course out there and value for money. The projects completed gives you sense of pride and achievement.Read Less,udacity
"I really recommend the deep learning AI courses from Udacity. They gave me strong skills that was beneficial to the company I work for. In a very short amount of time, I was able to create incredible algorithms that traditional methods could not solve.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"The Udacity Front End Developer nano degree course was a thrill, i was new to most of the programming languages that was being taught but the Udacity tutors broke it down to the most simplest forms, from the introduction to HTML and CSS to Introduction... Read More to Es6 they where all broken down. I did have some issues learning them later, i reached some stages i wanted to give up because of the projects but when i realized they were there to help me, i started to learn the parts i didn't understand again and faced the project with full mindedness and i was able to finish the course and earn the degree.Pros:1) Udacity brought light and depth to my programming knowledge2) Udacity front end developer mentor (Lucas) was friendly and always there when i had problems partaking with the course.3) Udacity tutors made programming look easy by simplifying and teaching different techniques partaking with the programming languages.Cons:1) It was a little bit expensive.2) Due to my location it was a bit hard to load classes sometimes.Overall ill like to thank Udacity for making me a certified Front End Developer.Read Less",udacity
I felt extremely happy and satisfactory after finishing Front End Web Developer Nanodegree from Udacity. The course has the lectures and projects that helps students enhance their skills in the respective field. The teaching method in Udacity is so good... Read More that even the difficult topics can be made easy to understand. Concepts becomes more clear after doing projects from here. Project reviewer always give the student genuine comments and help them to learn more in each project. Currently I enrolled in another Nanodegree program to keep continuing my journey towards acquiring the skills required to land me the dream job.Read Less,udacity
"I learnt about Udacity through a class discussion where we had to use one of the free courses to complete an assignment. I was mesmerized by the content and the authority of the tutors as well as the mentors and the whole community(students through slack).... Read More I never looked back, when am in a fix I consult the course content and never disappointed. I have learnt alot. On the other hand, the courses are quite expensive and think are given a short time for completion yet they contain a number of project which require time and mind. I have tried and completed afew and I can say its worth while.Thank you UDACITY.Read Less",udacity
"Everything in the Data Analysis and Data Science courses have been perfectly curated to be directly applicable in the field. The topics, classes and tools used are the top picks in the industry most of the time, and they even acknowledge when knowledge... Read More transfer will be required. I am one of the first ones in my social circle to get a proper job in the industry, not any generic entry level or grad program, and loads of my peers frequently ask me for advice, to each of them I have recommended the same Udacity courses I did.Read Less",udacity
"I had a great experience when enrolled in the Self Driving Car Course. At the time, I don't feel the course was greatly organized or that the topics covered what was needed. Look back though, the content has been improved and is better organized. I was... Read More one of the early adopters though. Plus, Udacity was great with feedback and improving on their courses.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:-Being part of a learning community;-Chance to earn a new CV asset;-Exercise your knowledge through practice;-Opportunity to find discussion topics with people that are more specialized in the field. Cons:-If one is not a performer in self time organization,... Read More then this program will most probably not end well. Because you don’t have a fixed schedule and nobody reminds you to do your tasks, you can easily fall behind a prospected timeline; -Some instructors are very monotonous and can sometimes be hard to follow;-One can finish the projects pretty easily without learning too much.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has been doing a great job educating and re-skilling students,job seeker, veterans and many with super quality content and support for different technologies.Recently they have tied up with bertelsmann for 15,000 scholarships top students from... Read More the initial Challenge Courses will earn one of 1,600 full scholarships and Udacity's Pledge to America's Workers Scholarship Program100‚000 scholarships to help America's workers participate in the digital economy Which is amazing and exciting. As a lifelong Udacity student and been selected for last 5 scholarships I can they are doing so amazing in educating and re-skilling student like me!Pros: 1. Well structured Quality course content 2. Awesome Nanodegree Projects3. 1 on 1 technical mentor4. Career Coach and Career services(which is super helpful)5. Awesome free courses6. Amazing Alumni community etcCons:1. No App support (Udacity discontinued it's app support from the beginning of this year!)2. High subscription Fees! though they started monthly subscription!Read Less",udacity
"I had zero experience with ReactJS when starting the Udacity course, but by the time it was over, I had successfully created four applications - from scratch - with pretty impressive functionality. I've been a UI developer for a long time, and I've (mostly)... Read More bemoaned the increasing complexity of the role. I had more enjoyment in the early days, cutting up PSD files, creating complicated layouts via tables or css, making them responsive and functional cross-browser. When jQuery came into vogue, I hesitated a little but quickly loved the power and simplicity. But, as React and Angular started to dominate, I hated it; I didn't sign up for this ""real programming"" stuff! Udacity made the daunting task of transforming my approach manageable. It was a challenge, but the individual units were extremely well-structured and explained clearly. The best part of the course, however, are the medium-to-large projects that they have you create from scratch. They give you just the right amount of preparation to be able to achieve the applications from scratch. By the time you're completed, you have a comprehensive understanding of the concepts, and can use React and Redux together to create a lot of functionality that previously I would've considered too complicated to even attempt. And if you're stuck, they've got online chat groups which you can ask questions - or search archives of - to find solutions to your problems. And since everyone's writing their own apps from scratch, everyone approaches the problems with just enough uniqueness that you can't just do a search and copy/paste to fix your problem. It's that sweet spot where you'll find something similar, or be able to post your snippet and get feedback, but you're still doing all of the key mental work yourself and teaching yourself the concepts in practical situations. Highly recommended.Read Less",udacity
"Before I took the Udacity VR Developer course, I knew very little about programming in Unity and VR. I am an experienced C++ and C# programmer so that helped a lot.On top of learning VR, the course taught me a lot about programming in Unity. The course... Read More material follows a clear and, to me, logical progression. Each section is broken down into detailed sub-section, with videos and quizzes that progress to a project to exercise the skills just learned. The projects are fun and challenging. They also leave a lot of room for creative freedom! If you go online and search for ""Udacity VR projects"" there are hundreds of very different solutions to each project. They give plenty of time from the beginning of the lesson to the completion of the project, so I spent way too much time and had a lot of fun tweaking my projects and testing out new ideas before submitting it.My mentor, Victor, was extremely fast in getting back to me to answer my abundant amount of questions. He also helped me solve a problem in 5 lines of code that would have taken me days to figure out.If there are any downsides, I would say that a working knowledge of C# would greatly benefit. They also give you a spec sheet for each project. They are fanatically literal when checking your project against the specification. So, read it completely and follow it exactly.If you are new to VR and Unity, I highly recommend this program!Read Less",udacity
"Before I began my Nanodegree, I worked as a trainee at a firm that installed industrial HVAC equipment. Udacity did much more than just teach me how to program and begin a career in web development. It taught me how to think like an engineer and a team... Read More player, prepare for an interview and put me on a path that made me excited to embrace new technology that ultimately lead me to getting a junior frontend developer role. I now run a small agency that designs and builds websites for small businesses and I’m incredibly thankful for what I was able to learn through Udacity. I’d easily recommend the frontend and full-stack web developer nanodegrees to any aspiring web developer in a heartbeatRead Less",udacity
"A year back, I enrolled in Udacity's Full Stack web developer nanodegree and Front end developer nanodegree. Both the courses were good but were very basic. I wanted advanced learning material.pros-great materialinteractive videosregular assignment reviews... Read Morejob portalcons-expensiveRead Less",udacity
"Within one year, I went from knowing nothing about code to being able to build simple Android apps! It left out all the theory behind it and focused on practical knowledge and applying it in various mini projects, each a little more complex than the one... Read More before. Since I have a university background, this was completely different from my prior learning experiences, absolutely refreshing. Also, the community was lovely and the code reviews couldn't have been more helpful and supportive. If I had wanted to, I'm sure I would have found a (trainee) job afterwards. It was a fun, empowering challenge!Read Less",udacity
"Pros:- Definitely a good start for those who look for career switch from their current role at the company. Skills can be transferable from one subset of your experience to another. Also it is helpful for those who look to try the quality of the nanodegree... Read More as it is RISK FREE (7 days REFUND POLICY).A Great Visual and Theoretical Explanation of Difficult topics through videos, quizes, and projects !...As for my experience, I has great content, though need to work hard if you miss out something, but you can complete those too in pre-requisite section of the syllabus. Mentorship is helpful, but for me it was horrible and i don't liked my experience although experience varies person by person.Had a great learning and practicing, but it has very less contents for practicing topics before really starting the project( like be able to be confident). Cons:- You can have a bad experience with the mentorship, though i was suffering from that feature, actually i had to change my mentor, because everytime udacity asked me to rate my mentor, I rated four-star, one-star and left my comments, that was supposed to remain anonymous(according to udacity) but by then the mentor changed behavior and he cancelled atleast of 3 zoom calls, the reason he told me was he was alloted many students and he was super busy. Actually this is my personal experience. Since I've had to change my mentor, that took a long time(15 days) and i didn't dare to ask doubts. After the mentor was changed, i was regretting because the previous one seemed to be not so good but he was a bit technically above than the second mentor, but because of my rating review, he treated me badly.Mentorship is the worst experience i have had first time in my life. I think Udacity needs to improve a bit more on this.The second thing i want to say that you udacity should update it's project content regularyly once in a 6 months(or 1 year), or should be updated with more relevant type of project.Thank you..PLEASE NOTE--[ THE OPTION IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR 'Intro to Machine Learning Nanodegree' Program in the Course drop down list, so i've chosen the first option..].Read Less",udacity
"I started my programming journey by going through various MOOCS but couldn't find a single one with a structured path. Then wayback in 2015, I found Udacity and started my journey with Udacity with Android Basics Nanodegree and Introduction to Programming.... Read More The structure of the course in terms of content, projects and support was awesome. As the course progressed, I gained more confidence in programming. For some one with no programming experience and now working as a Data Analyst is really overwhelming. Thanks to Udacity for making learning interesting and fun.Read Less",udacity
"The pros for choosing Udacity as training platform because it offers an all-in-one platform where you can not only watch and read course material, but also work on coding exercises directly in the platform. The course fee also includes all the required... Read More resources like using third party platform like AWS, Google AdWords and Facebook Ad.The cons is the support is not as great or effective as the platform.Read Less",udacity
"I completed two courses successfully. The experience was great especially the method of mixing short video with exercises has been making the learning more interesting. Also, filling the gap between practical vs theoretical questios also impacted the... Read More learning curve as well.Read Less",udacity
"I loved the detailed and well explained topics addressed in my course in Udacity. I felt like I was learning every part needed to be an Android developer as it should be implemented with correct software practices. The best thing was having the support... Read More of a mentor to answer my questions very quickly (next day). I also liked the time restraints the course gave me, telling me I was supposed to be at X point but was lagging behind. This pushed me and motivated me to continue. Finally, after graduating, I appreciated the support for job searching and interviewing, though I was not seeking for a new job, I was able to bring all this knowledge to my company for me to improve personally, and also help all the team improve.Read Less",udacity
Really liked the experience of going through this Machine Learning Nanodegree Program. The videos have the right amount of technical aspects and explained in a way that even someone with basic (high school) math and statistics skills are able to digest.... Read More I'm still using the skills (i.e. programming in python and how to structure data) and tools(jupyter notebooks and python data science libs) I used during the program and opened the door to new ones (using Linux and raspberry pis). Being a tech consultant you need to have balance between business and technology so this became a major upgrade on the latter that payed off within months of taking the course. P.S: Kudos to my Udacity mentor who provided promptly guidance along the way.Read Less,udacity
The course is designed to maximize your learning and gives the student all the resources necessary to achieve that. The curriculum is well thought out and the logic and flow helps understand concepts and their application. Instructors and peers are very... Read More knowledgeable which makes it easy to trust that the most relevant information is taught.Read Less,udacity
"The data analyst curriculum is an amazing source for online learning. The classes are short and have a lot of articles and materials to read and check. The instructors are pretty careful and friendly. The challenges increases it’s difficult along the... Read More course, which makes learning rewarding. The experience in the platform is great. I took two courses in the past and it definitely helped me in my career and my self learning expectations. Recommended!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity AI with python nanodegree was the first time I used Python, though I have a Java background. The teaching experience is probably what I enjoyed the most. I enjoyed the way abstract concepts were brought to real life and made to look relatable.... Read More Another thing I enjoyed is the way Udacity is willing to help or provide ways for you to monetize your certificate depending on what opportunity is available.The only downside for me is the fee. They are relatively more expensive and that's why I'll give Udacity Nanodegree a 3star instead of a 4star.There is some form of support from mentors but you have to do most of your work on your own.Read Less",udacity
"Learning with Udacity has been an absolute joy. Knowledgable instructors, pedagogically well-prepared course materials, and loads of hands-on projects that leave you with helpful feedback from reviewers: its really hard to think about what more to wish... Read More for. Udacity course has not only helped me gain desired IT competence, but it has also given me confidence in my own skills. One of my best learning choices so far. Always gladly again!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has changed my life since I got a chance to enroll in the Bertlesmann Udacity data science scholarship due to which I got to know the insights of data and more importantly, the confidence to work confidently and get better. After Phase 1 , I got... Read More the Data Foundations Nanodegree program in which the curriculum structure blew my mind when it was all basic at the start and by the end, I had 4 projects to showcase relevant to everything I learned. This experience helped me bag jobs at TCS and Accenture easily.I would like to thank the Udacity team for such initiatives which not only help to learn but also help students without any income background.Read Less",udacity
I took the Udacity Data analyst and Machine learning nano degree programs two years ago when I was looking to pivot my career from sales to data science. Both the programs had high quality content and were very well organized and rightly paced. It gave... Read More me a good foundation in data science.The career and mentor support I received was also amazing.I'd strongly recommend Udacity to anyone who is looking to learn a new skill.Read Less,udacity
"- The pros of Digital Marketing Nano degree program is you get an opportunity to do live projects on Google Ads, Facebook, Email Marketing and other social media platforms which is amazing especially if you are a beginner. The cons I don’t think there... Read More are any other than the cost. But it is worth every penny.Read Less",udacity
"I have finished two nanodegree program with Udacity and the experience was great in both. The training is really organized and the teachers and support team is fantastic. I want to do another nanodegree next year. Unfortunately, Udacity moved out from... Read More Brazil, but I'll continue my education program with Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"I put my title as unexpected, because after taking the course for full stack developer i didnt expect to land the job I dreamed of. The course work is a gradual climb from easy to more challenging. It truly does mold you to becoming a better problem solver,... Read More a master at research and works on your grit to finish. Alot of the structure is unique you start off by getting access to the community to the mentors for the first section of the course and onward as well as some prep work. The course was relative, this is important cause alot of online courses tend to have out dated items and information this course was updated has new information or videos added to make sure the current was happening. So the question is do you want to have an unexpected experience ? The only con is not investing in yourself Udacity truly helped me excel in my career.Read Less",udacity
"I attended the Data Foundations Nanodegee by Udacity and it was an amazing experience for gaining new skills as a beginner in this area. I learnt how to collect ana analyse data, as well as creating data visualisations. The helped me develop my skulls... Read More and knowledge of Excel and introduced me to SQL and Tableau! It was well structured, logical, explained well and there were plenty of practical examples before we had to tackle the assignments. You can go over the material and videos at your own pace which gives you a lot of flexibility but have to pay attention to the final deadline! On two occasions I had to ask for an extension and granted extra days to the deadline after providing a reason to the support team. They were very understanding and it definitely took the pressure off. The only downside of the course is that tutors did not always respond straightaway and they change constantly. However, there are loads of resources you can rely on outside Udacity and it definitely feels more satisfying after you crack something after doing your own research! It was a great course and would definitely recommend as you gain a lot of practical skills to use at work/school/uni.Read Less",udacity
The course itself is comprehensive and educational. It offers exactly what's needed for a beginner. But fails to satisfy deep divers and offers little to no satisfaction to intermediate programmers. Comprehensive but incomplete in many aspects. The career... Read More support is satisfactory.Read Less,udacity
"The format of the course pleased me immensely. I have a feature that is still very much related to classroom courses. The way most online courses take place doesn't appeal to me, so I usually drop them. At Udacity I had a different experience. Even online... Read More I had a chance to participate in various media with the people in my course and had recurring activities to deliver and be rated by people. Having human feedback and interaction with other students made a lot of difference for me.Read Less",udacity
"I never thought I would be an engineer, sincerely. I started FEND when I moved overseas with my family out of mere curiosity. 9 month after I landed my first front-end job and left public relations. So here are 5 main advantages of Udacity based on my... Read More experience: 1. Challenging assignments Most courses, especially free ones, offer assignments that are repetitive of the ones presented in the videos. It helps to retain the information but you need more than that. Udacity combines simple quizzes and typical interview tasks with really challenging projects that boost your creativity and make you more independent. 2. Portfolio created by yourself By accomplishing the modules you also contribute to your own developer’s portfolio. I even showcased my final project at a job interview and it was a deal-breaker. So never be shy of showing what you have accomplished. 3. Mentors and community FEND is very challenging for beginners with no programming background (I’m exactly this kind of person) so chances are high that you will get stuck. Here’s when a mentor’ help can come in handy. Mentors won’t do your project for you but they will send you in the right direction, share resources and will help you review the code. Also, don’t underestimate the help from your fellow students you can always get by reaching out to the community forums and Slack groups. 4. A certificate that stands out Well, knowledge and pet projects can get you an interview, however, it’s not bad to have some academic proof up your sleeve. Given that my major was linguistics and foreign languages, I mostly blame Udacity nanodegree for getting all my tech interview? 5. Udacity helps with your career Udacity cannot guarantee you will get the job but they will provide you with many resources and opportunities! I did not use all of them but Udacity helped me prepare for my tech interviews. So, I would definitely recommend FEND nanodegree to all future developers who look for a well-organized and academic course in web development.Read Less",udacity
"I never thought I would be an engineer, sincerely. I started FEND when I moved overseas with my family out of mere curiosity. 9 month after I landed my first front-end job and left public relations. So here are 5 main advantages of Udacity based on my... Read More experience:1. Challenging assignments Most courses, especially free ones, offer assignments that are repetitive of the ones presented in the videos. It helps to retain the information but you need more than that. Udacity combines simple quizzes and typical interview tasks with really challenging projects that boost your creativity and make you more independent.2. Portfolio created by yourselfBy accomplishing the modules you also contribute to your own developer’s portfolio. I even showcased my final project at a job interview and it was a deal-breaker. So never be shy of showing what you have accomplished.3. Mentors and communityFEND is very challenging for beginners with no programming background (I’m exactly this kind of person) so chances are high that you will get stuck. Here’s when a mentor’ help can come in handy. Mentors won’t do your project for you but they will send you in the right direction, share resources and will help you review the code. Also, don’t underestimate the help from your fellow students you can always get by reaching out to the community forums and Slack groups.4. A certificate that stands outWell, knowledge and pet projects can get you an interview, however, it’s not bad to have some academic proof up your sleeve. Given that my major was linguistics and foreign languages, I mostly blame Udacity nanodegree for getting all my tech interview😁5. Udacity helps with your careerUdacity cannot guarantee you will get the job but they will provide you with many resources and opportunities! I did not use all of them but Udacity helped me prepare for my tech interviews.So, I would definitely recommend FEND nanodegree to all future developers who look for a well-organized and academic course in web development.Read Less",udacity
"I am a software engineer for the last 20 years.I took the MLND from Udacity, in order to learn the basics of Machine Learning.I am working in a full time job, so learning at my own pace was very important for me.It required around 10 hours a week, which... Read More was just right, and gave me an excellent overview of the current ML areas, both mature and in research.The fact that you get video tutorials that explain a topic in layman's terms is simply great, if a topic was relevant I did some more research.The course included a few phases, in each one there were a few days of learning both theoretical and hands on practice, and then a summarizing exercise that was reviewed by Udacity people. It is a very effective method for making sure you understand the material and can implement it.Overall I was very happy with the course, it really helped me to do my job as an architect more professionally.I am planning to continue and take some other online courses in the future and Udacity is definitely one of my favorite options.Read Less",udacity
"Not only Udacity has helped me to take my React knowledges to next level, it also has helped me to prepare to a new project on my current job. We will change the energy market of Brazil some day and Udacity will have its help on the success of our company... Read More in some way.Read Less",udacity
Pros:- The course has very good instructors who explain concepts very well especially for students not from a Math background or Computer Science.- The support on Slack channel is very good with a mentor program on the study channel helping us to clarify... Read More doubts and any other issues that we might face.- The course is very well structured and seamlessly introduces us to the filed of Machine learning and AI.Cons:- The cost of the program for an introductory course is quite high.Read Less,udacity
"General experience:- Very professional online teaching methodology mimicking a real classroom experience- Overall I am very satisfied with the Udacity course content on Programming for data science. - I wanted to integrate these aspects into a different... Read More field outside of software engineering which I did successfully with ease. Following points summarize my course experience in detail:- Glad to develop quality of understanding with critical feedback for each project attempt by highly qualified professionals, and with very low turn around time for project review.- The project and course content mimicks industry problems and feels like I am a data scientist.- I learned and developed methodical and structured ways of understanding data science course concepts even when its time bound.- I benefited from the support towards meeting deadlines through helpful mentors granted by udacity.Impacts:- This has opened up jobs for me where data science is also a critical job component.- I can now think like an entrepreneur: having to deliver impact in terms of quantity and quality with less time. - Helps me to build community where customers whose pain points lie in the field of data science across variety of disciplines.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has a great platform for online training and the mix of videos and text make the learning experience very pleasure. The capstone project was very good too, with real word problems to solve and instructors to provide help during the hole process.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"My time whit Udacity was truly a one of a kind experience for me. I “won” my participation trough a scholarship program which was a great opportunity for me because I usually can’t afford such an expenses.It was a great opportunity to learn with other... Read More like-minded students. We formed through the months a big family which strive toward the seam goal. To pass the exams, and learn to code, together. The mentors were great, they helped us a lot to reach this goal, and I learned a great deal from then during this long journey. I was lucky to have this great team at my side. I can recommend the courses, and the experience to anyone who want to try them self’s in the field of computer science.Read Less",udacity
"I did two nano degrees at Udacity, fundamentals of data science and data analyst, so I think I have the property to talk. The structure of the courses are great, with excellent explanations and real-world case study, short videos, and but best of all,... Read More having a mentor always available to help you, that's a big differentiator for me. .Read Less",udacity
"Pros :- Self learning, good pace, mentor support, working independently on projects with large datasets, good video content, quizes and exercises are there after every videoCons :- expensive, poor customer support, advance concepts in depth are not covered... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"Pros:Online, self pacedGet to try out a variety of machine learning algorithms on pre-selected datasets, such as decision trees, random forest, support vector machine, linear regression, logistic regression, PCA, deep learning (keras)Videos explain the... Read More basics of the modelsGood support system via SlackCons:While the course was great, I found myself still feeling a bit ""light touch"" to apply for data science positionsRead Less",udacity
"O método de execução do curso e ótimo, sempre tendo suporte quando necessário e live coding, além de ter otimas revisões de código, sempre visando a melhora de seu potencial, achei o curso de react básico demais, havia pego o curso por causa do react... Read More Native que gostaria de ter um contato melhor! No mais é uma excelente escolha!!Read Less",udacity
pros: - autonomy to learn at your own pace- interact with student community on slack- personalized feedback from the tutor- hands on assignments- personalized review of assignment with constructive feedbackcons:- a bit overpriced to my opinion,udacity
"Its been very great since i get to know about Udacity , i have learned a lot from Udacity and it has changed my life in a very good way.i did got many job opportunities and i also got to work with Udacity as well and i am currently working with them.... Read More Udacity has been doing a lot of good for the people for betterment to the future of the people learning from it and for the society as well. The video tutorials provided to us in the course are created by top class and well experienced teachers and are very creative and easily understandable to beginner and this is a personal experience.Read Less",udacity
"I have decided to attend one of the Udacity's Nanodegree programs with the purpose of starting to learn how to code in Python. I was just curious about it and I thought it could be an important skill in my professional life. The thing is they didn't just... Read More presented me to this new language, they introduced me to a whole new world of possibilities with their qualified instructors, videos and examples that make the whole experience much more interesting than I have expected at first.That's how I first learned about Data Science and now I have started my journey to become a Data Scientist. Udacity was life-changing!Read Less",udacity
"I was thinking about why I must to pay for knwoledge that I can get for free on internet? After I finished a nanodegree I conclude that these programms have a little bit more than just content, this is what I conclude: Knowledge about a term, Course structure... Read More that help me to retain a lot of the content, Projects witch I applied in a interesting way the learned, a community that helps me with great attitude, people that helped me to stay focus, and some other good things that I couldn't found somewhere else. I little expensive, but handle.Read Less",udacity
"I'm very much a self-taught person, and throughout my career I had the chance to explore various ways of getting knowledge.For me what works best is a combination of written material (Books, Articles), Video lectures and Hands-On experience.There are... Read More many ways to learn ML and tons of content out there, but its very though to get started and to know what content combination is relevant. The Udacity course helps you exactly with that. It points you to the content needed to understand the concepts, including the underlying math, and overall is a great collection of written material and video sessions. But what's most important are the projects you work through that are reviewed by experts who tell you in which areas you need to strengthen your understanding.I can really highly recommend Udacity, and I will very likely look for content and trainings at Udacity first if I want to discover a new area of knowledge that I want to enable myself on.Read Less",udacity
I really loved The Intro to Programming Nanodegree program. It was informative and gave me the basis to continue my training on the job. It also helped me to see that there are many amazing free programs on udacity that have helped me to round out my... Read More skills.Read Less,udacity
"The course content was awesome. There were 4 modules in this courses. Each module consists of final project that needed to pass. The projects were related to Radar, Lidar, Camera and fusion of these sensor data using Kalman filters. The explanation and... Read More classroom notes were just awesome. I got to know many of the internal concepts in Autonomous field by working with real time projects and practical implementation of the core concepts in C++.Read Less",udacity
The pros were just getting up to speed as someone who was weak at programming but strong at stats/maths it helped bring up that side while also giving a nice basic refresher on statistics.only con is on the jobs help and cv help. Since the site is tailored... Read More to USA it did not carry over as well to what people in the UK expect in a CV though some of the advice was nice.Read Less,udacity
Udacity course was a breakthrough for me because allowed me to learn new tools which were at the reach of the hand but I never could have learn unless I took the course.The approach to teach you with projects and examples help me to easily understand... Read More complex stuff.It also provides support to redact CV and letters which also help in the looking for a new job position.Read Less,udacity
"The program was good in providing structure and going through the different technologies and how to apply them in projects. The instructors were good and knowledgeable with plenty of material to go over the concepts. The only difficulty I had was utilizing... Read More the help channels, such as the mentor and forums. It took me a bit of time to get comfortable using these but overall it was a good starting point in learn about programming.Read Less",udacity
"Before starting this program, I didn't have any coding experience. I decide to start learning programming and I think that I found the right place. Udacity helped me a lot to achieve my goals and to make one step closer to my dreams! Everyone in the teaching... Read More team was so helpful, the material was easy to understand and follow. One of the most exciting things in this learning journey, it was the learning communities! I met and connected with other developers , I had the chance to learn more from my collegues .I am very thankful to udacity for the skills I learned. It was an outstanding experience and I absolutely recommended to everyone who wants to start learning programming!Read Less",udacity
"My review is for ml nanodegreee(NLP, deep learning)Pros: complicated concepts are simplified and great to understand the theory behind. Well aligned with industry practices. Cons: The assignments have most of the ground work done, implies we only need... Read More to focus on the model creation. In real world this is barely the case, the ground work (gathering data l, cleaning etc) is the most difficult part. The mentoring aspect wasn't great at all. The worst part is the support center. They never get back to you with your answers. The idea is, you pay for the service for a premium experience and the support center didn't impress me at all.Read Less",udacity
"Definitely, Udacity bring one's curriculum to life. It gives students all the key elements synergetically , which reflect an effective learning for life. Theory and practice are merged in a way that makes Udacity an must-have school curriculum, which... Read More will make you get hired or even promoted. Classes,Instructors and reviewers are outstanding. And last, but not least, students can share projects, discuss ideas in a very innovative ways. Tottaly recomend.Read Less",udacity
"The React nanodegree by Udacity is awesome, amazing to grasp the basics of React, Redux. Have really nice projects, and have everyhting you need to get a job in the field. i land my perfect job after taking the course. i recommend this nanodegree to everyone... Read More that wants to learn react and get a job.Read Less",udacity
"I attended Udacity Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegree in 2018. The courses are great for a beginner in machine learning, which covered almost of all the related concepts, including reinforcement learning and deep neural networks, and they were explained... Read More clearly. I also found the seven projects and the mentor reviews extremely useful. It's necessary to have such hands-on experience in addition to lectures, and I learned a lot of tricks from the reviewers. I recommend beginners to take Udacity classes.Read Less",udacity
"I think the extensive usage of AWS is not that effective. It would have been better if we have passed more detailed material about Reinforcemenet Learning, Deep Learning etc. It would have been also better if all projects were harder and required more... Read More self writing of code!Read Less",udacity
"I think the extensive usage of AWS is not that effective. It would have been better if we have passed more detailed material about Reinforcemenet Learning, Deep Learning etc. It would have been also better if all projects were harder and required more... Read More self writing of code!Read Less",udacity
"I was in one of the early, but not the earliest, SDC nanodegree classes, and I was also a classroom mentor for this nanodegree. I would describe it as a crash-course: introduction to many of the topics and techniques, but not necessarily deep in any specific... Read More topic. This is fine, as it can be hard to focus the more technical a topic gets. Where you can go deeper is with the projects. I believe there were 13 projects in the nanodegree. None were easy, and some actually took me a really long time. These projects were really the gut check as to whether you understood the material. I can't comment on the job support. At the time, I was considering potentially moving into autonomous vehicles, but I decided to go deeper in my current field. However, the knowledge gained through this program helps me with decision-making in my main line of work, and it helped me realize that many companies doing ""AI for X"" don't even understand how AI algorithms work, or how they would be better at solving a business solution without series, time-consuming, costly effort. This program is a huge time commitment. If you can make the time for it and you are patient/persistent, it will be rewarding. But you may have some sleepless nights trying to get your projects to work.Read Less",udacity
"I found Udacity totally by chance, on a Facebook ad. It was offering Androod Basics nanodegree scholarships and I decided to give it my shot. A few months later, surprise! I got into the program! I had little to none programming experience before, but... Read More it eased me right into it. It was such a great experience and I always look forward to taking any course they offer! If you are great at managing your own time, this is the program for you!Read Less",udacity
"I completed the deep learning nanodegree program from udacity and my experience was really amazing, I’m really glad that I took this course. The overall course topics covered the entire breadth &amp; a wide variety of topics that gives you intuitive information... Read More about the concepts. The trainers are really thorough and are experts in their subjects and gives you in depth understanding and thoughtful ideas and relative course materials along with helpful links so you can build and implement your own creative ideas as well. My experience with my mentor has been really amazing, it was interactive and every time he motivated me and gave me a better insight to the concepts we discussed, he helped my at places where I got stuck, he gave me tips to shape my profile for more opportunities in future. The course simply brings you up to speed where the industry is heading today and building the future. I’m really thankful to udacity team and looking forward to more such interesting and amazing nano degrees.Read Less",udacity
"It was a really great experience to learn through Udacity platform. I really feel confident about the knowledge I acquired during the Nanodegree. As every course, there are better and not so good classes, but still, definitely worth to give it a try.... Read More But, it doesn't stop in the classes that you can take at your pace! The projects are amazing opportunity to learn; since there will be real people reviewing your work, it is even more valuable to learn more from their feedback; not talking about career development!To be honest, if you want to improve or make a shift on your career, give Udacity a try!Read Less",udacity
Udacity DAND is a very well thought and designed program.It shows you the path for your Data Analyst career.The quizzes after lessons and projects are good knowledge checkers.Each project is being reviewed pin-pointed and comments are communicated without... Read More any ambiguity.Read Less,udacity
"While attending Udacity I was able to learn at my own pace and my own time. It was very freeing knowing that whenever I was ready, I could turn on my computer or phone if I was away from the office and learn. No strict schedule to set aside a specific... Read More time to learn. If you have difficulty setting out a scheduled time weekly or cant make it to a university weekly then I would definitely reccomend Udacity. Also there is help from instructors or other students if you need.Read Less",udacity
Udacity nanodegree course is more useful for beginner in any stream as it starts from basics of topics and cover it from depth .It also provides additional link for blogs to learn more about the topic. Hands on projects are given to practice by our own.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
"I was lucky enough to get a scholarship from Google to Udacity's Front End Web Developer Nanodegree. I knew that I needed to do a 180 in my career. I knew that I needed something that was challenging and something that I was inspired to do.I started out... Read More my journey to becoming a front end web developer by going through endless YouTube tutorials. Then, I learned about Treehouse. I paid a monthly subscription and was able to learn quite a bit. One day I was watching a YouTube video to help supplement my learning through Treehouse when I stumbled on a scholarship from Google for a Nanodegree from Udacity.With out a doubt Udacity made it easy to learn. They layout a path and guide you step by step. They don't just give you a bunch of videos to learn from and hope for the best. They layout a path for you by showing you where to start and where to move to next. They also give you expanded knowledge opportunities if you so choose.One of the best things about Udacity is their support for you along the way. Each student is given a mentor that checks in on you and will help you in a timely manner if you need help or guidance. Udacity also helps students support other students. You have to remember, you are in a class with many other people, all learning the same thing. So Udacity made a place where students can get together and help each other. This can range from just making a post about needing help on a certain thing to a time when many students all get together(virtually or in real life) to go over an assignment or a subject.Without question Udacity made learning easy!Read Less",udacity
"I think that Udacity is an excellent resource for someone you is learning how to code. The content that they provide is second to none and it is really understandable. What I mean by understandable is that you don't have to be an expert to understand... Read More the material. I think Udacity does a good job at editing the videos to make sure that people can catch on easily. I also find myself checking Udacity first for any new technologies that I may want to learn. I feel like if I come here first, chances are I am going to get introduced to the technology in a way that would help build a solid foundation. A good percentage of the courses that Udacity offers are free which makes the platform close to perfect for me. I have and will keep recommending Udacity to anyone that I think can benefit from their platform.Read Less",udacity
Amazing learning platform Loved its projectsPlease reduce the subscription charge as a indian its really expensiveLoved the mentors they are really supportive and helpfulEven the online environment is helpful You can post your doubt in forums and they... Read More replyRead Less,udacity
"I've done a Front End Nanodegree program, it is definitely a good start for someone who is new to programming. The course is a mic of videos, text and practical tasks, so you never get bored. I'd also mention that the videos are recorded professionally... Read More and high quality - so really easy to watch and understand the information.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: Good videos and great feedback over the assignments. The topic is very well introduced with simple concepts that provide a clear understanding.Cons: Several parts of the course dont have a clear connection, is like switch from one topic to a total... Read More different one. As long as the course is reaching the final part, the teaching reduces its quality and there is no a clear technique to transmit the complexity of the new sections to students.Read Less",udacity
The Programming for beginners program was pretty great. The teachers were funny and nearly everything was nice to understand and to use by myself. I now know everything i thought i could know after the program. If you are a beginner and want to get a... Read More good start in understanding the programming business Udacity is right for you.Read Less,udacity
"It was such an excellent experience for me,I went from 0 knowledge of web development to implementing a real working standing website.The program is really full and useful ,the teachers are very talented, the class work are well organized, I really recommended... Read More it .Read Less",udacity
"To whom it may concern, Exceptional education from day one. I had first learned about Udacity thru a classmate in 2016 while I was pursuing my masters in Data Analytics. Once I had graduated in August 2017, I still wanted to grasp more of what the industry... Read More (Google, IBM, Facebook, Netflix, etc) was in demand for, so I completed the Data Analysis Nanodegree in February 2018. This is where I become fascinated with machine learning and wanted to learn more in depth of the ""Un-none black box"". Thru this experience, I wanted to become a Data Scientist. As of September 2018 I completed the Deep Learning Nanodegree. The education learned from Udacity is truly exceptional. It has not only showed me the future, in terms of where the academia sector is heading with online courses, and industry in term of Artificial Intelligence, but also where I saw myself in 5-x years in the future. My experienced learned at Udacity truly unraveled and shaped my life in so many ways, and because of it, as a way to giving back to Udacity, I have always recommend to people who are interested, and each day that I read the reviews from my piers, It excites me to see the impact their education has had on individual. Again, I wouldn't change a thing about it. Cheers, BeltinoRead Less",udacity
"I think Udacity has nice curriculum, where the students are motivated to learn and explore themselves with proper feedback and one on one(every week) with the mentors. It has world-class infrastructure in place for us to benefit from. I certainly like... Read More the fact that its design is not motivated from the fact that the students don't have be spoon fed everything. Its on the student where he/she might complete it for the sake of completing or he/she chooses to go through every external link and extra materials that are shared by the students and mentors which is worth exploring and I have benefited from the course. The project submission and the review comments also helped me to learn the topic deeply and know the voids in my understanding.The Udacity online community is truly global, where the students from different geo-location share topics, errors and bug reports.Only place that I see some improvements can be make is the career portal; Students have high expectation from Udacity for career switch or jump starting a career. Personally I believe its more of the student's job to use the abundant career portals available and make use of the knowledge to get through interviews but I agree that beliefs can differ. I would certainly suggest Udacity to any student who wants to have a all round understanding of any topic he wants to build a career in.Read Less",udacity
"I wish that a had a con, but I don't.The experience was amazing. The way the content is The projects were awesome. The code review, classroom forum and the monitor made the whole experience worth it.I can't praise Udacity enough, taking this course was... Read More the best decision that I made in regard of my mobile development career.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:- You get to work with codebases created by Industry experts; the people who are literally the best at what they do. And by reading their code, you level up quickly and get a significant confidence boost when you're writing code anywhere else.- The... Read More feedback from code reviews are awesome. They aren't just for pointing out what you did wrong. They also show you how to significantly improve your code.- The content gives you a very strong foundation. Nobody curates foundational content better- The Career portal really teaches you how to stand out for job applicationsCons:- $$$. I actually couldn't afford this. I got a scholarship (So it's a half-con? cause that was kind of a pro for me). However if you . can afford this. Go for it!!!- Sadly like all other online courses. This doesn't guarantee a job. You need to put in some extra effort. Kinda sucks if you're in a country . that doesn't have a lot of openings for whatever you studied. But you can be sure that they get you job readyRead Less",udacity
"Udacity is an amazing platform to lear the top technologies and I’m waiting to start my next nano degree with them. Machine learning and deep learning are my new goals, I hope I can start right away and get a better job with a better salary thanks to... Read More UdacityRead Less",udacity
"Self Driving Cars are something I was always fascinated with. When Udacity offered a highly focused nano degree on it, I was thrilled. It was one of the best learning experiences I had. The coursework is designed to give me in depth knowledge on all the... Read More areas needed move forward with the technology and projects. The projects are very practical and gives you hands on experience building different sub-systems of a Self driving car on your own. I am really proud of the results. The instructors were from the Self Driving Car Industry and working on real Self Driving cars for living in most of the cases. The final capstone project was a blast. I got to work with my classmates and build the entire stack of software for a real Self Driving car that we got the opportunity to test on a real car. Nothing more exciting than that. These projects and experience helped me to get several opportunities to interview with employers in the industry. It was a great experience and opportunity. Highly recommended.Read Less",udacity
"Design Sprint was a very complete course and applied directly to my work. The methodology is simple, dynamic, has practical exercises. Student support was excellent even though I had to submit my project several times until it was completed. I recommend... Read More the Udacity course and platformRead Less",udacity
"Let’s start with the pro. I started the program without any knowledge on how to create Android Apps. By the time I finished the Android Nanodegree program, I was able to create Android app from scratch, utilizing Picasso API, implemented Firebase real-time... Read More database, implemented login screen with existing email or social media with Firebase, screen transitioning from one direction to another, showing proper tool bar, requesting proper permission from user before accessing camera or other app or other hardware on the phone, create a smart and fast loading screen, and displaying data fromJSON to readable from Android app. You may also desire how you would like to expand your knowledge since the program only have foundation to learner. However, there were several cons that annoys many user. Depending how you see it, it could be either a good learning experience or a bad learning experience. Technology gets updated on daily basis, but not the video. By the time new video releases, the technology advances even further. I had spent countless hours trying to understand the gradle file from the beginning of the program because the gradles were outdated. Some of the gradle was no longer supported or changed name, so I had to spend time hunting for the right version of the gradle. Using Google’s Android documentation may not seem counterintuitive. I never understood it and there were hidden methods. I could list more, but are they really a con? I take it that if you want to work as software engineer, the issues that you encounter would most likely have been solve by someone else. As a software engineer, chances are you are spending most of your time researching rather than actually coding from scratch. As stated on the title, overall, it’s a great experience!Read Less",udacity
"I was always interested to learn and get my hands dirty with web development. Initially, I always believed in YouTube learning. But the main problem I faced was that almost none of the YouTube courses were 'complete' in terms of the course content. I... Read More had to connect the dots and learn from 7+ different YouTube channels. Then while browsing on net I came across Udacity's frontend developer nanodegree. I went through the course content. It was (is) really an amazing course with mix of learning, projects, mentor guidance and plus a wonderful career service including access to Propel. I quickly enrolled for the program using my dad's credit card without informing him (hehe). First time in my life dad didn't scold me because it was the first time I used his card as an investment for learning. I started with the course and was really blown away with the kind of amazing instructors I came across. Their teaching style, personality and jokes and humor never made me bored. The more I learned the more I enjoyed and the more I enjoyed the more I learned. Believe me, whenever i was lerno from Udacity, almost all of the time I entered the flow state. I was saw active in my learning that I completed a 4 months nanodegree in a span of 2 months. Really amazing course except for the cons listed. Now let's go through some pros and cons. Pros: 1. Very nice learning path topic by topic. 2. Amazing instructors with super teaching style. 3. Course notes are straight forward and simple to understand. 4. Each section is accompanied by a project which is reviewed by expert developer. 5. Code review is fast. 6. Mentors are great and always ready (or happy) to help. 7. Video quality is nice and site interface is cool + responsive. 8. Access to Propel (India) after completion of nanodegree. Cons: 1. First project is very overwhelming to complete because they teach you the basics and expect to creat responsive portfolio site. Which is very difficult for a beginner. 2. No code along project. According to me very first or 0th project should be a code along where an instructor code a complete project and teach the basic web development code practices. 3. No what you should learn next at the end of nanodegree. At the end of nanodegree a 30 min video which gives a basic introduction of both ReactJS and Angular. This will help students to choose a framework which interests them. This will inspire aspirants to keep learning. 4. Nanodegrees are slightly expensive. 5. Good discount should be given to Udacity graduate as compared to a candidate enrolling for the first time. 6. Flagship career service 'Propel' is not well organized. Only those candidates should be invited who are shortlisted for a guaranteed interview. Many come from different states and they are not even short listed for the interview. That's it for the pros and cons. Last words: In terms of learning and course content Udacity's FE nanodegree is great. And speaking about services outside course can be improved by the management.Read Less",udacity
My experience with Udacity was really good! The course content was challenging enough and they grading was really helpful. The reviewers often gave ways to help improve doing something instead of just a pass fail attitude. The projects which they had... Read More us work on were very interesting.Read Less,udacity
"Honestly, this course was one of the most entertaining and helpful course I have ever taken, for many reasons:-I have already interest in the subject. -It starts from zero to almost a professional level. -Insturctors and videos are crystal clear. -If... Read More you start a project and completed like 70-80% of the requirements and got stuck, you could submit the project and wait for the feedback to help you by pointing to what you need do with a little help. -The projects of the course are very good and cover almost if not all the important areas needed to be a professional iOS programmer in the market. At the end I really enjoyed being one of the students of this course and I am really welling to get more in the future as my previous experience is fantastic.Read Less",udacity
I enrolled for ML nanodegree course with very limited knowledge but the course helped me understand vast amount of concept that are being used and applied within ML. Usage of real life examples made the course even more interesting. Completing a capstone... Read More project was the best part as you get to choose your own topic and apply what you have learned to a real example.Read Less,udacity
"It has been an interesting journey of learning and implementation of the key areas of deep learning. I have matured myself with the understanding of computer vision and NLP. The biggest pro of the course is that the course provides you hands on experience... Read More in developing a solution not just algorithm,I am proud to tell that I have bagged a new job in the same month. For me the biggest con was we need more theoretical foundation and complex problems, which will make the course far more challenging.Read Less",udacity
"You have the opportunity to learn at your own pace, review written material or videos as much as you need without slowing down others, and take every tangent when learning. The biggest con is that it's all on you; you have to motivate yourself or nothing... Read More will happen. The community and mentors are there to help push you some, but they're there to answer your questions and you should use them any chance you get. You can succeed far beyond what the course has as a minimum, but it's up to you to do so. I plan on taking more courses in the future as they offer such a wide variety.Read Less",udacity
"I did the Front-end Wed Developer Nanodegree from April 2018 to Oct 2019. The information that was given was great to get you on the path, but there is a lot more that is needed to be job ready. Still having issues with landing my first tech job. The... Read More resources that are provided again are limited and there is not much to actually help you land a job as most companies want to see some work experience.Read Less",udacity
"I took the introductory course to python and found it helpful as a beginner with little experience in programming.After completing the project at the end of the course, I was keen to work with the language on applications .However, I wished that the course... Read More could have covered a few topics like matplotlib elaborately.Read Less",udacity
"This nanodegree has been a tremendous help to enhance my data science and machine learning skills. I come from a non-computer science background, I am an industrial engineer and I am currently working in one of the top companies in Spain that is doing... Read More Artificial Intelligence for banking and financial services sector. Thanks to it I could change my carrer path from traditional .NET software engineering to my current position, which is Machine Learning Engineering.Read Less",udacity
Great program. Ideas were very much clarified. Recordings are extremely clear. Activities additionally fascinating. part of training for coding. Unquestionably will prescribe to other people. Program is helpful for who is beginning with programming with... Read More python and furthermore prefer to learn AI.Read Less,udacity
"I took this course in one of the first iterations.It was divided in two parts completely detached from each other: the first in classic AI concepts (A* Search, Game Agents, Automatic Planning, etc), the second is focused in deep learning.While the first... Read More part is pretty interesting and could be important for niche applications, most of the students won't use the concepts learned after the course.What you will use is the Deep Learning part. The lessons are normally very well designed and made to be clear for people with weak background.There are a lot of practical assignments and good mentoring and assessments. You actually learn to use RNNs, CNNs, GANs, transfer learning techniques here.Anyway most of the code and tutorial presented are publicly available and the main final project to ""graduate"" was quite disappointing.For most it won't be worth the 1600$ that costed me, I hope it is cheaper now.Anyway I really learned through the course in a limited period of time, something that I wouldn't have done if it wasn't for the money spent and the deadlines imposed. And this had a real impact on my career: I used to work as a ""regular"" software engineer in a major tech firm, now I work on ML projects for the same firm, also because of the learnings from this course.SO if you are like me, curious but lazy to learn just on your own, probably it is worth for you as well.Read Less",udacity
"My dream came true with Udacity! I loved to be programming but it seemed very hard to me, but when I found Udacity everything went very easy, I cant believe that I am now Android Developer. First I started Android Basics and after followed and certified... Read More as an Android Developer. I can tell you for surely that Udacity is teaches you how to learn new skills in easy way . I have not stopped with this courses I followed to learn Kotlin, my first project published in Play Market in Kotlin Language. And this is not the end I found recently interesting Flutter, and now I am writing code in Flutter. I learned from Udaicty not Android Development, I learned from Udacity methodology of leaning new skills, apply knowledge to practice and feel how technology developing around us. In conclusion, I highly advise you take this wonderful advantage in learning. Be in demand be Udacier!!!Read Less",udacity
Udacity offers a comprehensive online teaching program that not only teaches you the fundamentals of coding but also focuses on current trends in the software industry. You not only learn the basics of code but also the tools to learn more. The only thing... Read More it lacks is local support and networking opportunities but that’s to be expected as it is an online program.Read Less,udacity
"I went into this program as a VR enthusiast, a game dev novice and a Udacity first timerI had chosen this program after careful comparison with other offers because of its price. I wasn't disappointedThe 3 big wins for this program where :- The complete... Read More overview and quality introduction to all the different aspects of VR development, from paper prototyping and user personas to detailed Unity development of classic interactions all the way to software optimisation and publishing information. All of it well organised and presented in clear video and text formats- The comprehensive plateforme offering clear navigation for progression and access to community and mentor advice features- Projects to apply skills and necessary to validate the course. The associated deadlines helped me stick to the program and take it seriously.Overall the whole learning experience lasted 6 months and allowed me to gain foundational skills in the field of VR development.From there I was able to continue learning and expanding, having been show the broad scope of subject to dig further into.Highly recommended!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is one of my favourite student platforms, it has many capabilities and features that you won't find anywhere else. Their catalog is with a wide variety and the nanodegrees are really good for you to start a career or sharpening skills, also if... Read More you would like to take free courses is also possible and they are as good as the paid ones. I would totally recommend it to everyone who is looking for a dynamic course with live mentoring and an amazing community and mentors around that will help out.Read Less",udacity
"I was looking for a digital marketing program that would allow me to get the same kind of education of a college degree without the pricey tuition or years long time commitment. Udacity’s nanodegree program was one of the most affordable programs and... Read More could be completed in as little as four months. What I really loved about the program was the one on one mentorship, feedback and also being able to connect with other cohorts. My favorite part of Udacity’s programs are the career services. I was able to get individual notes and feedback on my resume and the career services are very proactive in helping you land a job after completing your program.Read Less",udacity
"I enrolled in Android nano degree course where j learned about Android development and Android basics. The over all experience was way more better then other online portals and mentors were really supportive and interactive. Even after completing the... Read More course I get multiple offers and updates from Udacity for placements and other activities. And frankly speaking, I still get many offers from Udacity till date. I suggest you all to enroll in atleast one program of Udacity and try to learn something new and exciting.Read Less",udacity
"I don't see any cons of this programme. Udacity had world class instructor, they make things easy and they have remarkable content. Something things became easy which seem like very hard when I was leaning it from somewhere else. I am a commerce graduate... Read More and now I'm working in data science today. It was hard to learn programming initially but udacity made it easy.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:- Great teachers;- Clear and objective explanations;- Great exercises;- Real projects that test all the content taught;- Explains in detail all tools used, from installation to use.Cons:- No cons so far.For sure their Nanodegree prepares you for... Read More the challenges encountered in everyday life.Read Less",udacity
"Pros : - Very well planned out course materials that cover a lot of topics - Timely evaluation and feedback Cons: - Mentors are mostly previous students of Udacity and they do a terrible job at clarifying doubts - Course materials are not updated as often... Read More as I'd like them to - After switch to subscription based nanodegree programs, students are offered lesser content at more price (compared to previous batches) - The most worthless customer support service I've come across on any website. Responses related to nanodegree programs took more than 15 days to arrive.Read Less",udacity
"well, during nanodegree in udacity i develop solutions that support my career, the nanodregree and others courses helps a lot students by making friends and new connections there established, for sure i recommend others to studying using MOOCs in udacity.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"It is great! I literally get a job after finishing the nanodegree. The contents are elaborate and not hard to understand. My income is almost doubled with the help of the deep learning super power . Also it is interesting, the community is very creative... Read More and willing to share ideas and CODE!Read Less",udacity
"Hi! The Digital Marketing course at Udacity was fantastic. I’m from Brazil and here, as in the whole world, the technology expands frantically.The course satisfied all my eagerness to learn a skill that was completely unknown to me. Even having no previous... Read More experience, it was pleasant course to do.I recommend it to everyone who wants to expand their horizons, whether for professional or personal reasons.Read Less",udacity
Udacity is the top place to learn about programming. The mentors have a lot of knowledge in different areas and they are always there to help you. The community forums are and knowledge base is a great place to get help as well and also to build your... Read More network. I have made good friends there and I have learned tons of new stuff. They keep reinventing themselves and updating the Nano-degrees with stuff that are relevant and they they take your feedback seriously.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity has played a pivotal role in my life. I was a doing Udacity's AI Programming with Python Nanodegree and after completing, I was able to switch from a Java Developer to a Machine Learning Engineer.The lessons of any of Udacity's Nanodegree not... Read More only helps you to clear your basic understanding about that topic but also helps you to get enriched with advance knowledge through projects helped by mentors.It was a lovely experience for me to learn from Udacity and now I am looking for Data Scientist Nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity introduce myself and others in the exiting world of machine learning, hand in hand with Amazon Web Services they provide an excellent and truly fun way of learning with hard practice on their console. A few troubles with the amount came in the... Read More beginning of the course, but Udacity work fast with Amazon and they provide solutions for all students, who ended happily with a ton of code for training their models. Also Udacity provides an excellent Slack channel, where I met a ton of people interested in sharing information and tips and AMAs with outstanding personalities and Mediums articles where you could do a lot of fun and amazing things like training locally or see descriptive information and more. I almost have zero problems and enjoyed the journey so far. I would recommend this to everyone I know.Read Less",udacity
Udacity is the place to go from 0 to hero in a field of expertise. If you wish to change your career but don’t have the time to go to a traditional school this place is perfect for you!They also have a mentoring program now and it helps more than you... Read More would imagine!Read Less,udacity
"I was really satisfied to learn adroin programming Nanodegree from Udacity, they provides thorough explanations and a lot of programming examples. There is also a mentor that will be available every time you you have difficulties and questions, and forum... Read More where you can discuss with other students. The job portal class give you good insight how you be ready for job seek, interview and professional worksRead Less",udacity
The data engineering nanodegree helps me to update technology stacks that is essential for date engineering work. The sub-project and capstone project really helps me to apply learning knowledge in client assignment. The apache airflow data pipeline was... Read More very useful in real time use.Read Less,udacity
"Self-paced learning can be challenging with all of the other thing demanding attention in our lives. However, Udacity did a good job laying out a roadmap to the finish line with dopamine producing checkpoints along the way. In the end, if you can push... Read More through the cost to value ratio of these programs blows traditional universities out of the waterRead Less",udacity
Pros: Udacity offers many good programs related to career. I took Machine Learning Nanodegree. The length of course videos is appropriate. (Not too long but not too short)Cons: Little bit hard because I am second English Speaker. I feel I cannot take... Read More career support because I am not working in US.Read Less,udacity
Udacity is one of the best learning platforms.The Nano degree courses contain applied parts that get a review from a professional mentor that review my work.The course also helped me in making a professional account on Github and linked in as they get... Read More reviewed by the mentorsRead Less,udacity
Pros:Very good curriculum to transition you from just a beginner to the edge of professional life Very good projects covering most of the topics introduced in the nano degreeHaving a reviewer who personally review my work and send feed back to me was... Read More one of the best parts that distinguish this nano degree on Udacity from any other platform Cons:the organization of the Topics could have been done better sometimes i had to work harder to focus on what is really i need to go through firstRead Less,udacity
I did my Nanaodegree AI product Manager program with Udacity. It was an excellent experience with a lot of hand on experience with various ML tools including Google ML platform. I found it very useful in developing my knowledge towards using and developing... Read More a viable AI product.Read Less,udacity
When I joined college in 2017 for B.E. CSE in an Indian University I was very confused regarding the choice I have to make in order to become sucessful professional in future.Like most I was confused how to to use my coding skills.Finally I went to enroll... Read More to choose course from Udacity in AI from python and this changed my life.Pros-Learn very relevant industry/research skills.Can help you to start new project or business.Cons-NO CONS I found unless you don`t want to growRead Less,udacity
I am very glad to tell that I found Udacity as my career builder. I was struggling to learn android application development but I as worried because I was not able to find any trust able source of learning in my country. All of the training center showed... Read More me that they will finish in 3 months and become a Android App Developer but I found Udacity online courses which was made by Google and I learned in depth knowledge about Android and now working as Senior Android Technician. I am really grateful to Udacity to make such a course with Google. Love you all the instructor for your depth clarification of each module of the android application development.Read Less,udacity
"Through an Udacity scholarship, I got the chance to complete the Mobile Web Specialist Nanodegree Program and that opportunity simply changed my life for the better. Two months before the end of the program, I started interviewing for developer roles... Read More and the companies were always curious to know what was exactly that scholarship that I had received. My interviewers were already proud of me trying my best to become a professional developer. I did four interviews and received job offers from three of them and all the coding challenges I had were discussed along with the Nanodegree curriculum. Since then, I bought two other Udacity courses and I do believe they accomplish very well their objective of offering high-quality learning material.Read Less",udacity
"I had pursued Android Developer nanodegree, got to learn a lot. Mentors were super cool, friendly and great teachers. The best thing about this course was, the projects. The projects are curated perfectly, to make the beginners learn all the basics and... Read More train them for interview.Read Less",udacity
"This was a great program to learn how to do front end web development. Especially the course on accessibility. However, the frameworks part of the course is quite dated at this point (no react, old angularJs, ember etc.). If you aren't familiar with the... Read More basics this course is very useful, but if you're in need of getting up on modern tools this is probably not the place to go.Read Less",udacity
"I have been doing project reviews and mentoring students for about three years, and things keep improving and getting better. It has been a fantastic journey, as I have not only been given a platform to share my skills but also, to gain more experience,... Read More which has helped me much in my programming life.I had zero knowledge about programming until I started taking courses on Udacity. Their course module, is very rich with content, with efficient staff and mentors to help all the way. The project-based system was one of its kind, as you not only learn but have the opportunity to reproduce what you have learnt, in the form of doing projects.Furthermore, Udacity used my progress in each course module to create a Curriculum Vitae, with a well crafted beautiful presentation, which clearly outlined all my accomplishments.Most notable, Udacity offers an opportunity to be a part of the community, to provide service as a reviewer and mentor; giving back what you have learnt while rewarding you for your effort.Udacity have an active Mentorship Community on slack, and a dedicated dashboard to interact with students, mentors and staff alike.Indeed, this is online-education on another level, and I am happy to be part of it. I am looking forward to greater things ahead.Read Less",udacity
"I am a self taught Android developer. I know you're thinking then why Udacity? Well, as I started my self taught journey to learning Android development I mostly used YouTube videos and books. Those eventually got me to a fully published application on... Read More the Google PlayStore. However, as I progressed I wanted more structure to my continued curriculum. Enter Udacity. I love how Udacity's Android Nanodegree is project focused. As the course progressed, it was great to get more challenging projects. I never felt stuck during the course. This was especially important to me because, since you're working solo, it can seem like you are developing in a bubble. Fortunately, there is a cool chat room for students! People chatted and helped each other. I loved that feature. Overall, I found a lot of value in the program. I learned new technologies and design patterns. I even got to publish my capstone project! Thanks Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is the best website for online learning, you will get more than learning courses it's all about you future career in tech world.Udacity is the best website for online learning, you will get more than learning courses it's all about you future... Read More career in tech world.Read Less",udacity
I really liked the course. Videos awesome and tutorial !! They teach you how to use each feature in the course:)The only bad part is the mentors.In some sections there were mentors who did not respond for 2 days. When I complained it did not improve:... Read More / I finished the course hard by myselfRead Less,udacity
"You can start at any level. You won’t just learn, you will do it yourself in course projects and they give you great reviews. In your journey you will have mentor that supports you and I really need to mention Student Hub that you can find a great community... Read More of students and mentors that will Support you patiently. You will learn from the best and sometimes creators of the bests. They explained everything with picture and videos so it was very understandable for me. And finally they will guide you to find a good job. Udacity proved that I can do better and I started new career after my first course. I really recommend it to everyone who wants to develop their skills.Read Less",udacity
I started my career from udacity android developer nanodegree it was very good Curriculum to start your career. Based on this I was ready to start my career in the market as I got very good knowledge about android development.each time i want to learn... Read More new technology I start first exploring udacity courses.Read Less,udacity
"I really liked the projects and the feedback from project reviewers, they are real life projects and very useful for your career. I also liked the videos, which were short and straight to the point and that helped me to understand most concepts quickly... Read More and accurately.Udacity offers a lot of different programs, but before you choose your Nanodegree I suggest to cover as mush is possibile with the free course before enrolling, that will help you during the Nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"I took the data scientist nanodegree in 2018 hoping to get started in the field of ai, machine learning and data at first I was a little concerned about the price, but now I believe this a great value for everything that I got given all the return I got,... Read More not only I learned a lot of useful skills but I also got an internship in the field.Read Less",udacity
"My background is in Statistics and Analytics and I am currently a Quant Marketing Analyst at Google. My goal for pursuing the Deep Learning Nanodegree program was to transition into a AI/Deep learning role. The Nanodegree program has met my expectations... Read More and has exposed me to different areas of deep learning like CNN, RNN and GAMs. I have learnt a lot through this program and the practical application of projects has given me a strong hold on PyTorch for implementation of deep learning program. I think the only scope for improvement for the Nanodegree is in the last project which uses Amazon SageMaker to deploy a sentiment analysis model. I feel some of the instructions in this project are outdated and I had to contact AWS multiple times for help to solve the issues I encountered.Read Less",udacity
"Hi, I took with Udacity front end course it was a good experience since the style that Udacity does on hands-on training with so many labs that will help you to increase your knowledge and time of practice. For sure I will try another course.For sure... Read More I will try another course whenever fits my needsRead Less",udacity
"If you are tired and frustrated with your job or of your daily life and need inspiration. **********Read this*******This topic is not just a fancy topic to rate Udacity.! So you would ask how can Udacity opens your mind to the new world.! I will tell... Read More you...I know the experience that Udacity provides (Nanodegree) is not a traditional or usual experience and you might not have the confidence in the system but let me tell you my experience.Even my specialization was not related to software or any of the degrees that Udacity provides but I joined Udacity and I graduated With a nano degree -AI in python- (I worked so hard for 3 months and it was not easy at all I worked for 4 hours daily 6 days a week and one day to meet in person with the session lead and my colleague while having my regular 8 hours full-time job for 5 days a week ). My will when I graduated was to change my career to the software sector but then I recognized that there is more in the world than just having a job!The degree gave me more than the ability to have a new job, I can keep my old job and look for an online part-time or online remote job, for example, I can work as a freelancer for python tasks and earn money! And build my experience by myself which a thing you cant usually do with the regular jobs like if you are an electrical engineer you won't be able to work online since you must be present at the site to do your job! But the software you can do it on your own time at your own pace and there are many people online doing it.But afterward, I notice that there is another topic that is interesting the most to me (digital marketing)and I would join Udacity again to gain the skill and work in two directions (python &amp;digital marketing) beside my full-time job ( I know that's a lot of pressure but you know they say no pain no gain :) )The income from these online jobs that you can get after gaining the skill, can make you quit your full-time job! (This is when I noticed the world is changing and new opportunities are there we just need to catch it) you just need to set your mind that there is an opportunity waiting for you and you must commit to learning and building your experience, stay positive and goal-oriented and all this pain and hard work will get back to you.I hope my review helps you to set your mind and reconstruct your life.Thank you Udacity. You changed a lot in my life :) .Read Less",udacity
"Udacity provides various online platforms to everyone who is willing to spend their spare time learning and gaining new knowledge even from computer science, marketing, data structure and so on. My experience started with Udacity due to an Android Basic... Read More Nanodegree which is changed my life, after that, I enrolled in an Android Developer Nanodegree. I can only praise Udacity due to their curriculum, structured in a way which can prepare any student to be market-ready.Read Less",udacity
"It all started in my 1st year of college (to be honest, the first month). Some colleagues of mine told me about an opportunity to get an Scholarship paid by Google from Udacity regarding Android Development. I applied, but I wasn't so excited about that... Read More because it was really difficult to be accepted (all the students over the world were allowed to apply and there were only 60,000 places).  But, unexpected, I get the Scholarship and it was a very important moment for me. The Scholarship it ends after 3 months and only 6,000 of the participants (based on the projects send, time spent on learning and so on) will get an extra 6 months what will end with and certification (Android Basics Developer). So, I get that Scholarship too, because my hard-work and desire to accomplish something even that I was only in the first year of college.  Udacity gave me the opportunity to understand basics concepts of Object Oriented Programming, Databases, how to create application in Android from scratch and a lot of stuffs that for me it was so helpful. Now, after almost 1 year and half, I signed for a company from Cluj-Napoca, Romania, based on my background on android development and the knowledges that I learned from Udacity.  It was a great 9 month journey and I must admit that, Udacity, represents the owners of beginning in my IT career.Read Less",udacity
Technical education was far reach once upon a time. People with very good luck could get the better education from top universities. Udacity came up with the smartest solution. Udacity provided the top quality courses to millions and now there has been... Read More a revolution of learning programming throughout the world.Read Less,udacity
"An unique teaching method, where I can both focus and not feel tired at all. The teachers from each module are polite and help you through all your road in the course. With that I was able to improve my skills and discover new technologies and even apply... Read More on my new job!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity provides best online courses for machine learning and artificial intelligence. I found the aws infrastructure provided with GPUs to be highly useful and easy to use. Other online courses lack these notebooks for hands on practise which are so... Read More easy to use and highly available. The lecture videos were easy to digest and had in depth coverage. Short assignments and quizzes make learning more interactive, which help students learn faster.Read Less",udacity
"Learning with Udacity has been one of the most amazing learning experiences in my life. I had the chance to attend many courses that were and still are crucially benefitial for my programming career. As an Automotive Engineer interested in programming... Read More and specifically Mobile Application Development and Deep Learning, I've had the chance to win a scholarship to develpp Android Apps and take a glimpse on deep learning with PyTorch! Moreover, many of the lecturers were highly experiences from Google which made it even more valuable! I'm looking forward for more opportunities to learn more things as with the pace of technology today you can't just stop at a certain level!Read Less",udacity
"Life at Udacity is a constant path to learn. For a person who wishes to have a spike in his learning growth, Udacity is the platform for him. Starting with the video tutorials, the short videos help in having constant interest. A combination of tasks... Read More and short videos make it easy to understand and comprehend. Udacity also offers mentorship platforms to help others going through the courses you have already gone through, which not only enhances your skill, but also helps you to earn and sponsor your own course. The mentors and detailed code reviews are the best feature I find in this platform.Read Less",udacity
"This program is great for those who want to start a career as React developers. I’m my honest opinion, it lacks many things that, while these can be considered advanced, I wouldn’t buy the idea of hiring somebody who don’t know them. Things like. HOC’s,... Read More React Hooks, Redux Sagas, Redux Hooks, form validations, and many other things that are definitely stuff we face every day.It certainly gives a very good foundation for people new to ReactRead Less",udacity
I have learned the basics of android development through an amazing course. I started with no previous experience in programming and got to a deep understand of JAVA and Android SDK basics. I can't express how it was excited to build actual apps and run... Read More it on my phone. It was an amazing challenge that helped me to overcome my fears about learning something new. The course was awesome and we had an extremely helpful &amp; kind monitors. Thanks Udacity!!.Read Less,udacity
"I completed the FEND program offered by Udacity, and I was very happy with the acquired knowledge accumulated at the end of it.The program is well structured, and Udacity offers plenty of tools to get help with subjects that may have not been completely... Read More clear and/or projects.The only downfall is that the Nanodegree itself is not a great card to play on job applications, but the knowledge acquired definitely is.Read Less",udacity
Pros - introduce me to workings of a basic neural network in the form of decision boundaries of logistics regressionChallenging course projectsGood code reviewers who patiently go like by lineCons -Some parts seem to just fly by. Especially parts related... Read More to decision making. Examples were to basic while the projects were too challenging and very little time to commit .Part 2 also had this problem.Read Less,udacity
"Having taken 10+ courses and specializations from Coursera, I found that the big thing that set Udacity apart was the hand graded final project. Was that project interesting real life experience? Yes. Was the project worth $400? Probably not. I probably... Read More won’t get another nanodegree from Udacity unless they halve the price per month.Read Less",udacity
"Having taken 10+ courses and specializations from Coursera, I found that the big thing that set Udacity apart was the hand graded final project. Was that project interesting real life experience? Yes. Was the project worth $400? Probably not.I probably... Read More won’t get another nanodegree from Udacity unless they halve the price per month.Read Less",udacity
"One thing I love about the Front-End Web Developer program is that all the lessons are no more than 2 minutes long, 3 minutes tops, then they have all these exercises that you do in between the lessons so you can practice. The best part is how it gives... Read More you projects to complete which the projects have challenged me and helped me become a better Front-End Web Developer. I only have two cons: 1) During my studies, I had a 1-on-1 mentor, and then when I needed some help with an issue, I couldn't locate him. When I contacted support, they said that they lost many mentors and that they couldn't assign another one to me because of the shortage at the time. I would've been okay with this have they given me a heads up. 2) I felt like the career support of the section was not clear and it would've been nice to have a 1-on-1 career person that could help me better position myself for applying for jobs. Overall, it's a great program and I will update you once I get a job.Read Less",udacity
"I currently work in a Customer Success position and wanted to make a career move into a more Data Analytical and/or Business Analyst position. I needed to learn new skills, especially coding, while also working my full time job. Enter Udacity. An online... Read More learning platform that allowed me to learn the skills I need to make a career shift while simultaneously working in at my job. The lessons are great, the quizzes really help you along through the program, and the final projects are fun and challenging tests to really ensure you have a true foundation on the subject at hand. I highly recommend using Udacity to anyone looking to learn new technical skills while you have a full time job.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity offers great technical, self-paced courses in a variety of current topics. PRO: great content, high quality material. The instructional videos are well crafted, the instructors are very well qualified.CON: increased pricing, not many promotions... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"Easy navigation on the courses, as like NetFlix of e-learning. A Great support. The instructors reply questions quickly. Content is the great. I learned so much. Well, I love it studied on Udacity and when is going to possible, I will be back to learn... Read More more.Read Less",udacity
Best course to get in depth knowledge. The course materials were simple and completely detailed. Lectures were friendly easy to understanding and interesting. Practice sessions discussion forums make you all active and creative. I am planning to do further... Read More courses here.Read Less,udacity
"Pros:An extremely well designed program. The Frontend Web Developer was my first foray into Javascript and web development. The concepts were very easy to digest and the presentation was great. The breadth of coverage was also very good. From a Javascript... Read More perspective, it was a good course. Cons:The program needs to be updated more frequently. When I took the course, the program mainly focused on programming in Javascript rather than a holistic toolset for web development such as babel, webpack, progressive web apps, etc. But I hear their new version is more complete in these regards.Read Less",udacity
"I had the change to follow the Deep Learning NanoDegree sponsored by my company.I went from almost zero deep learning knowledge to read deep learning articles with no problems.The course is worth it to start get the concepts, get your ""hands dirty"" and... Read More make you navigate in new waters. Of course it would be nicer to have a more detailed course but it opens the doors for you to really explore the theme.I recommend the course for all deep learning newbies like I was.Read Less",udacity
"I had the chance to enroll in the intro to programming nano degree at Udacity, overall the experience was really great, new concepts were explained in an interactive way, there was an emphasis on the pivotal pieces of information, every student was able... Read More to be in direct contact with a mentor in case they had any problems.Read Less",udacity
"The courses available at Udacity have current content and teachers are proven people in the world of programming. The course is well planned, with the theme well divided that helps learning. I very much appreciate being able to deliver projects and receive... Read More feedback from teachers, this differentiates it from another course platform. The final title (Nanodegree) has helped me to expand my curriculum.Read Less",udacity
"The digital marketing nanodegree basically helped me get a new job as a digital marketer, and provided me with a lot of relevant knowledge that I am now using on a daily basis in my new job. I loved the fact that I was able to do it from home at my own... Read More pace. Also the real life experience that we got through the assignments were very useful.Read Less",udacity
"I had been looking to gain more experience with digital marketing and after looking at the curriculum for the DMND program, found the perfect fit! I am very happy I chose this program, the combination of hands on learning, social media tools and mentorship... Read More was beyond excellent. I also loved that we had our own Slack channel to communicate with our peers! This program was top quality, it also was less in cost than the competitor programs that did not offer the same benefits. I would recommend this program to anyone looking to advance their digital marketing skills using hands on tools!Read Less",udacity
"The syllabus is designed, such that, it feels complete and perfect for mastering the field. The videos for explanation as bare basic as it gets. They are designed to get you to be able to import libraries and execute but there is no deep explanation for... Read More the material taught.The projects are the combination of all the exercises, so they don't require much thought while executing.Fun fact: my big data Nanodegree's project wasn't even based on big data.I'd recommend to go through free and better courses on edX and do projects on Kaggle and github(search a project on your tech stack).You don't need their career stuff as no one in our slack was placed because of them.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: - All courses have a good structured, with excellent content and valuable information. - Some of the modules cover important aspects of the curriculum, and really prepare the professional to next step into the real life.- The flexibility to do the... Read More training in an appropriate stepCons: I would recommend more extra exercises and examples for the students, but not as part of the certification process.Read Less",udacity
"I used to take courses on other platforms, but doing a Nanodegree in Udacity is a complete different experience. You get instant feedback of your projects and even suggestions on how to do it better. The free courses on Udacity also have good content.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
Take this class if you want to know how to be a Machine Learning Engineer in the industry. It really helped me tremendously with my work and I had a great time through the course! The assignments are all very well structured and the feedback from reviewers... Read More very nice. The only negative for me was the reinforcement learning part which was full of mathematics (even though very well explained) and the assignment was also very difficult. Other than that I would definitely say it is worth the money! Just do it!Read Less,udacity
"I recommend Udacity to everyone. I will continue to learn more on Udacity. As a natural science student I had almost zero knowledge in Computer Science, with Udacity I highly and successfully enhance my soft skills which helped me even my natural science... Read More study.Read Less",udacity
"I've done 3 udacity nanodegrees so far: full stack web developer, artificial intelligence and natural language processing.I had a fun experience working on these nanodegrees - especially the projects. All these projects were hands on and quite close to... Read More real world scenarios. The one on one technical mentorship is also really beneficial in getting help and staying on track with the program. I still continue to extend some of the projects I've worked during my nanodegrees to keep learning. Overall, I would recommend the udacity nanodegrees to learn new skills and explore new career paths.Read Less",udacity
"It’s definitely worth taking at least one nanodegree. You not only learn a valuable skill, but also how to learn further skills on your own. The career services, resume/GitHub reviews and code reviews are very valuable for improving your skills as a developer.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
My company offered and paid for the Udacity Deep Learning course. The course was very interesting and the projects exciting. I can only recommend the deep learning course and Udacity. The certificate in Deep Learning helps me to do many consulting projects.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
I just learned complete android development through udacity coursesIt also gave self confidence and made is market ready where major colleges and universities failed to do so..I just learned android from skretch and gradually i was able to develop many... Read More applications.Read Less,udacity
Knowledge transfer is precisely detailed and to the point. Instructors provide a good perspective of all the aspects that learning any programming language involves. Good exemplification to cover all areas taught over theory. This learning experience... Read More has allowed me to start my own development company and create my first mobile app.Read Less,udacity
By attending this program this made me to learn new tech and information regarding the development in this tech world.And I had a new communication with udacity employees and the co-students from different places. By this I have gained many like getting... Read More Google Home and new knowledge of life.Thank you very much for giving such a good knowledge to me and my co-students.Read Less,udacity
"Pros: My overall experience was good, everything went fine, I loved reviews on project. It helps me in improving my coding skills.Cons: Github/LinkedIn profile reviews was just one time while I guess it should also be like other projects so user can submit... Read More their update profile again to improve further.Read Less",udacity
"I've taken several courses (completed a few I've taken four nano-degrees : completed two, ran out of time to complete another one, dropped out of another one. The good:* You know they care and strive to improve.* You can always reach out to customer support;... Read More they are responsive* There is an active online community around each nano-degree where other students (and some times the support staff) answer your question (usually in a timely manner)* For most courses (specially the nano-degree ones), the content is not just recorded video lectures or voice over slides; they have quizzes, labs, a mix of content (text, video, visualization) and link to other resources.* They are one of the few MOOC producers who hired professionals (designers?) to create high quality visualizations to support the content. The only other one I'm aware of is TeamTreeHouse* The nano-degrees are designed around projects (project-based learning). The projects are (usually) good and you get to learn a lot by working through them.* They are innovating in the MOOC arena; two of their bests initiatives are hiring ""mentors"" and ""experts"" to provide feedback for the projects.* I've received some great feedback on my projects that helped me learn and improve.* All the courses (but not nano-degrees) are free.The bad:* it's expensive - very expensive. (that is the nano-degrees otherwise the courses are free)* there is just a single model for the nano-degrees - you must pay the whole fee and you get like several months to finish it. Coursera is doing a better job by introducing two models of (1) paying a premium subscription and use any course/specialization as long as you pay or (2) pay just for a specialization and it is always yours as long as they run the course * they are not entirely honest about the prerequisite I guess because they want to attract a greater audience (e.g. the nano-degree on React is not really designed for people who have not done web-dev for example)* the free content (courses) are left outdated on their own. There is almost no support; you cannot even find the assignments let alone get feedback on your work. * You can get good reviews but you can get really BS reviews too (although you can always ask for regrade) * They are pushing too hard to open new nano-degrees and it comes at a cost. The content is not as good; the projects are not that good. I've taken Cloud Computing just when it was released. The first two projects were too simple. The content was just a survey of the technology. They did not release Module 3 (or 4) when it was supposed to be released (took them like 20 days and it become available like 5 days before its project was due). I dropped out of it and didn't get a refund.* Sometimes they do wired things! like they send me an email to review Udacity here and then there are only options for two courses which I've not taken either one!Full disclosure: I never used their job support because I never needed it but it seems they are doing a really good job on it (they are shifting their model from an online platform that brings university classes to your home, into a platform that prepares you for job/industry with hands-on experience).Read Less",udacity
"I had the opportunity to learn from Udacity front end nano degree. The critics in regards to the work I was doing by the mentoring team, and the fast feedback from Udacity help me to grow in a fast phase my needs. Now I understand how to make a 60 fps... Read More animation in a browser, I also learnt how to build web pages considering, performance matters and SEO content for it in a proper way.Read Less",udacity
I loved having access to Alteryx and Tableau. The projects were challenging without being too intense. I do wish we would have spent a little more time with SQL. The course work consisted of watching videos and implimenting the teachings in simulations.... Read More Then you would have to turn in a project based where you would solve a business issue with your learning. The support for the projects was great. There was no traditional grading system of A-F. If you did not complete the project to standard they'll give you feedback and a chance to implement and resubmit.Read Less,udacity
"I found it wonderful the experience I felt welcomed by the staff, got new job opportunities, tripled my salary. And today I have a lot to thank Udacity. And today I am hoping to have some time in my life to take new courses and this gift card would be... Read More wonderful. It would greatly help me grow in my current position.Read Less",udacity
"I graduated from the Android Basics Course and have learned so much about developing in general. The quality of the videos and the way things are getting explained is just way above every other online course. I have tried Pluralsight, Codecademy and Coursera... Read More but Udacity was the only online course who could explain topics which where too difficult for me. I had basic Java skills before i started the course and zero knowledge about android development. The learning curve was just perfect, i started with tiny applications, to learn how to get user input and store it in variables, or how to change ui elements. (for example a simple counter). The next apps helped me understand how APIs work, how databases work and how Android Activities in general work. The whole course helped me make my very first android app. I've learned how to implement a databases and store data permanently so i was able to make my own ""to-do list"" app. I've made my own weather app and i've learned how to make a music player app. The best reason for finishing a Udacity course is the certificate you get. This certificate was the reason why i got my current job. In conclusion i can only suggest to finish a udacity course if you are interested in a topic, you will not regret it!Read Less",udacity
Pros: You can go at your own pace (faster or slower depending on preference)It's relatively affordableYou get detailed feedback on projectsCons:Not as much 1on1 attention as other programs might haveNo real collaboration on projects which is a key skill... Read More to develop in most jobsRead Less,udacity
"I decided to take Full Stack Developer Nanodegree to learn new technologies as well as validate my existing knowledge. The program builds upon the difficulty level gradually and introduces you to advanced concepts with hands-on practice. This way you... Read More are not overwhelmed and can work on your own pace. The good thing about this Nanodegree is the focus on making your job-ready. The career guidance and profile reviews along with technical education really help you streamline your CV, LinkedIn and GitHub profiles. This opens you up for multiple career opportunities. I was offered to become a mentor and reviewer after the completion of my Nanodegree which helped me stay connected with Udacity and other students. So, ever since my completion of Nanodegree I have stayed connected with Udacity one way or the another which has been very beneficial in all aspects.Read Less",udacity
"I loved being part of Udacity Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree. I learned about current and future topics, in a modern and highly recommended online experience. Taking this course gave me a lot of confidence to continue advancing in the subject, and... Read More thanks to the support in the career services, I have been able to interact with many professionals in the area. I really feel that I am at a state of the art level.Read Less",udacity
"As a Data Engineer, I was looking for a program that would help me pick up some new skills. Specifically, I was looking for a program that introduced me to the latest technologies in the field of data engineering and one that provided me a strong foundation... Read More to pursue further learning. I can say that the Data Engineering Nanodegree program from Udacity ticked all those boxes for me and I had a great experience overall. ProsThe program was well structured and did a great job of providing me with the bigger picture along with getting into the details. The AWS credit provided was more than sufficient to cover all the projects and more. The project at the end of each course was sufficiently hard helped me practice everything I learned throughout the course. I also really liked the reviews included as part of grading my submissions as they provided detailed tips on how I could improve on my code. The capstone project at the end was particularly helpful as a way to review everything I had learned throughout the course as well as demonstrate my skills to the outside world.ConsWhile the program videos were largely very well designed (such as the one on Apache Cassandra, Apache Airflow and Amazon Redshift), I thought that the videos on Apache Spark were lacking in quality. While they were good enough to get a brief overview of Spark, they weren't enough and I found myself leaning on other third-party sources such as Youtube to complete my project submissions.Read Less",udacity
"Ive took the Machine Learning Engineer course, to my perspective, Udacity is the best place for such study field.The course included videos from top lecturers in the industry with real life exercises.The final project experience improved my practical... Read More skills, so Today i am using ML capabilities at my day to day work.Read Less",udacity
The Android basics nano-degree program gave me a strong foundation that helps me to read code and understand the elements that make up programming logic. It also took me through a lot of projects that helped me build make creative and coding skills. I... Read More was able to create fully functioning android apps and even show them off to friends and family. Most importantly it gave me confidence that I could become a developer.I really like that they have career services to help you find a job after you graduate as well. I am part of the community of alumni on Facebook and slack and watching others grow and build amazing things inspires me everyday! Thank Udacity for the unforgettable experience and help!Read Less,udacity
"I'm fully reliant on MOOCs for specialization of Computer Science education of mine and of all the MOOCs I've tried I think Udacity's content is designed best. Usage of beautiful animations to make the student get intuition about that theory is appreciable.... Read More Also content is designed in collaboration with engineers from reputable companies, so that's a plus point. You are provided with one on one mentorship too if purchase a nanodegree course.Talking about the cons, according to me would be the price of nanodegrees. Of course they provide quality content &amp; one to one mentorship, but I think if prices were somehow more efficient more deserving students would be able to purchase the advanced courses. Also many of us can make it without one to one mentorship so there should be an option for that &amp; deduct the relative prices for that.Overall I really appreciate Udacity's vision &amp; way of teaching by the corresponding practitioner of that profession rather than just the theoretical teacher.Read Less",udacity
"Theory is important, but one annoying aspect of online courses is the massive ammount of video content and a multiple choice evaluation at the end. This, in my opinion, does not work for programming and most of the technology overall. Udacity is great... Read More at providing lots and lots of practical exercises, full projects which are reviewed by a skilled profissional, and now the mentorship program which allow to ask questions to a person and have personal guidance on the content. Price could be a bit smaller and have some financing options (payment in 24x for an example), but taking into consideration learning rate, content of material, etc, it is still worth the price. The company also have a great alumni community and it is common to see former students being hired to work at Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity was my best MOOC experience so far. I did the Deep Learning nano degree and the way they provide the content and my assignment reviews was, at my point of view, the state of art on online education. The money you invest you sure get back and you... Read More feel that worth it.Read Less",udacity
"New experience and knowledge with extraordinary commitments to achieve your goal within the determined time ,which has changed my life and gave me extra trust and appreciation in my work ,gave me also better chances ,Thanks Udacity for changing lives... Read More for betterRead Less",udacity
"I studied for the Udacity Mobile Web Development Specialist to gain foundation skills and understanding of writing rich applications built for the browser. I have spent almost a decade working in IT and a few years as a developer on .NET desktop applications... Read More so it was important to me to ensure I understood how multiple browsers behave when rendering the content of a web app.Udacity's course can at times feel a bit like you are being handheld through if you have a background in the overall subject (programming, in this case) that they are talking about. However, this turns out to be a positive when you inevitably reach a course chapter that you don't know anything about. Each section gave a good number of resources for further reading and allowed me to explore the topics that I was more interested in, in greater detail.Furthermore, it let me bypass the topics I felt comfortable with easily and without forcing me to complete tests that were meaningless for my scenario - ultimately only the course work matters.Read Less",udacity
"I liked the topics about Data Modeling and Data Pipelines, they have a lot of detail. On the other hand, Cloud Data Warehouses and Data Lakes only provides basic knowledge, I think you can found more information in other websites or courses. Spark was... Read More not so much detailed as it should be. I like the fact that you could have a project after every topic, so you could learn by doing. I also think that real time uses cases, it's very important topics that was missed.Read Less",udacity
"I've learned a lot about front end development from Udacity Nanodegrees. The projects throughout the courses are really challenging, and the mentors are helpful, they have pointed out where in the project we could improve the code. At the end of the nanodegrees,... Read More the student has a good portfolio and can apply for a job in the tech industry.Read Less",udacity
My experience was wonderful when doing the nanodegree datascience course. The teachers are the best on the market and the teaching is amazing. I really updated my curriculum in an absurd way and I certainly stood out in the market. Today I am in a wonderful... Read More job and I can say it was with the help of Udacity. I intend to do other courses for sure and I already have my separate savings for that. The best course I have done to date.Read Less,udacity
"As part of my job, I was asked to take a course about front-end development. After checking the web, I found Udacity's Front End Developer Nanodegree program, which seemed like a good fit. I wasn't disappointed. The program is very well crafted, with... Read More lots of examples and meaningful assignments. At the end of the program I felt confident that I can do front-end development at a professional level.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity was my first step in career change. I was able to solidly learn the fundamentals of data science, and with that I was able to change careers and start my own business. I am still studying and intend to perform other nanodegrees. I am forever grateful... Read More to Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity nanodegrees are great to be on top of all the new things coming out in tech and artificial intelligence. It's a great experience to learn state-of-the-art algorithms and hands-on practice with reviews from experts. Plus, the guest-teachers are... Read More great.Read Less",udacity
"I took the Front End Web Developer Nanodegree and thought it was a fantastic program. You have access to mentors and your fellow students anytime you need help, and it is pretty much self paced as far as individual assignments go.However, you have to... Read More be extremely disciplined. Online learning can be easy to fall behind on if you do not dedicate enough time each week to making progress. Once you finish though, all the hard work is worth it!In the end there are plenty of career resources as well to help you get started on finding a new job. I would definitely recommend Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"The best thing about Udacity is, it has partnered with several leading industry in order to provide great learning and great mentors who will serving you at each and every steps. By means of their courses, and with the help of project they taught me how... Read More to optimize and write production ready code which is again the best things I personally like about Udacity. I took Android Developer Nanodegree program which I got by taking part in Google India Challenge Scholarship and was one among 150 students who has awarded this Nanodegree program having more than ten thousand students. If ever I wanted to learn some new technology stack I will always count on Udacity because of great experience they provide. Thanks Udacity making every complex things easy for us. I don't think any Cons for now.Read Less",udacity
"+ Hands on experience on digital media and content management, which is not offered usually anywhere.+ Mentor being available to assist and support.+ Easy to use platform and interactive enough to keep your attention- Sometimes the platforms was a bit... Read More ""heavy"", making it harder to use.- The level for Digital marketing course was a bit at an initial level and could use some kind of level differentiation.Read Less",udacity
"The course was very well curated and the concepts were explained clearly. But after completing the course it was hard to find a job, so not sure if the course is enough to get a job.Definitely recommend to someone who is looking to get started with Data... Read More Analysis.Read Less",udacity
I had a wonderful experience with Udacity.Easy to use classroom.Helpful mentors.I love how supportive other students are in the forum.Up to date curriculum.Plenty of courses/nanodegrees to choose from. Not to mention FREE courses which was really helpful.... Read MoreEverything was really great!Thank you Udacity Team.Read Less,udacity
"Pros:- Rich content - Open the door for more topics to search for- Practical projects- Forum is very good- The mentors give a very good comments on the projects- Introducing tools much needed in the market like GitHub and SlackCons:- Some contents/lessons... Read More are do advanced and the instructor go through it as if it's very easy and in short time, they need to focus more on it and the content review in case not understood by many which can be clear from projects or slack to be modifiedRead Less",udacity
"Pros:- Rich content - Open the door for more topics to search for- Practical projects- Forum is very good- The mentors give a very good comments on the projects- Introducing tools much needed in the market like GitHub and SlackCons:- Some contents/lessons... Read More are do advanced and the instructor go through it as if it's very easy and in short time, they need to focus more on it and the content review in case not understood by many which can be clear from projects or slack to be modifiedRead Less",udacity
"Pros:There are sufficient lectures and exercises to help boost your programming skills. Even for beginners, the program provides enough resources to master fundamental programming skills. The lecture examples and classes are all based on real applications,... Read More and deep theories in math or computer architecture are avoided, which is nice for learners from all kinds of job occupations. Cons:The platform is a training one, which doesn't assure that you can find a satisfying job. Plus employers still have doubts regarding online degrees. Without your original diploma, it still takes time for a Udacity degree to show its value. Another drawback is that there exist many solutions online, so that it is hard to distinguish yourself from other learners who get external help.Read Less",udacity
"The experience was pretty good. I did the Full Stack Engineering course. The concepts are all there, and it gave me a pretty solid foundation to move on and study other things. The code reviews are very detailed, and the instructors are clear on their... Read More explaining and fast to respond.For the backend, Python and Flask is what I studied, and that's pretty good.For the frontend, the technology they used is considerably outdated, and I don't have the data, but I imagine that most of the companies do not use KnockoutJS. I assume (or hope) they moved on to something like React or Vue.Never used job support, since I'm brazilian and I'm not sure they provide that kind of support in here.Read Less",udacity
"I was looking for quality content and I could get some quality feedback from what I did.I found Udacity. I soon started my studies, loved the platform and the code checking system made by real professionals.Upon completion, I keep receiving job offers.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
I started with no knowledge about how to make android applications. Well time passed and I was investing more of my energy into it and I can tell you that Udacity has changed my life. Now I'm professional at my job and more than happy with my job and... Read More that's all I got to share with you guys.Read Less,udacity
"This course was one of my firsts steps toward becoming a software developer. I appreciate the flexibility of the program, it allowed me to continue with my other responsibilities while studying for a career change. At the same time, the deadlines helped... Read More me plan my time in an efficient matter, and take the massive task of learning how to program one small step at a time. (I have enrolled for a different class on a different platform, I paid for it, but because of the lack of a clear timeline, I never finished that course.) A clear end date was also a good motivator, for I knew that my efforts will be rewarded.Since I completed this course, I have also completed a short term program within a university setting. When the job searching time came, I started to work on my portfolio, I realised that I had more projects to showcase from this shorter course than I had from my one year university degree. I do believe that the projects done during this course got me selected for the interviews.Taking this course has been for me a great confidence booster, and had a decisive role in deciding if the software developer was the path for me (and it is, I am just about to start my first job).Read Less",udacity
"Pros:The quality of the lessons is very high. The way they explain complex subjects makes them very intuitive. Production values of the videos are also noticeably higher than the alternatives.Human graded projects and code reviews are also a big plus.... Read More You get feedback that helps you improve your code in general.Cons:Udacity has been increases their prices steadily over time. Many alternatives are a lot cheaper, but with a quality trade off.No standardization across nanodegrees. A 3month and a 9month a worth the same when it comes to your LinkedIn.Read Less",udacity
"Started it like a bet, it became a really way of learning for me. Udacity give you the possibility to get lot of skills with a big great e-learning and class room courses, which allow you to take your time and study whenever you want, respecting deadlines.... Read More It was awesome and for sure we will meet again!Read Less",udacity
"My experience was quite positive! I learned a lot and this title has opened me new career opportunities! The lessons were useful and easy to follow, with a lot of support on the online forums and community. I had a great experience overall, I'm glad I... Read More took it!!Read Less",udacity
"I've been learning with Udacity for 1, 2 years now, and it's the online learning platform outhere. With Nanodegrees program you learn real world projects, and the latest tools and techniques in the software development and engineering industry. The certificates... Read More are recognized by industry leaders (Google, Amazon, Facebook, Mercedes, Ecc...). The courses are well structured and organized, by following a learn by doing methodology. There are a lots of quizzes, that helps you to stretch your brain, and use the same concepts to solve different problems. The real deal in Udacity are Nanodegrees, and specially in AI, Machine Learning, Self Driving Car, Robotics, and Flying Cars. The Android Develooment Nanodegree is maid with Google itself, and it's the best.Read Less",udacity
"To me Udacity is probably the best platform for MOOCs. I did the AI programming with Python Nanodegree and really learned a lot in a short period of time. It is perfect to learn something new next to a full time job/studies. I really love that the courses... Read More are all project based, this really helps you to learn faster even if it might be difficult sometimes. If you should get stuck you can always ask your mentor for help or ask questions in the forum or Slack Channel provided by Udacity. I can really recommend Udacity to everyone if they have the time and the courage to learn something new.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity came to me at just the right time in my professional pathway. I was self teaching my self software engineering in hopes of gaining my first tech job without a degree at the age of 26. After a year and a half I was getting bogged down. I then took... Read More a Full Stack Web Development class with Udacity which, I believe, helped expedite my transition into the tech field. Udacity taught me industry leading practices essential for my learning which both bolstered my confidence and solidified my understanding of software engineering in general. After the course I was able to continue to learn for free through a Grow with Google program that they offer twice a year. Finally, during the second course, Udacity was able to land me a job as a paid intern for AT&amp;T. Since then I've been able to remain gainfully employed in the tech industry and I have Udacity to in part for my success. Thank you Udacity!!!Read Less",udacity
It was great experience to learn from Udacity. I especially like statistics module. They have clarify all my doubts and they explained it so well that I never get that detailed and clear explanation before. Also had lots of hands on experience while solving... Read More problems and submitting assignments.It was really a great learning experience for me.Read Less,udacity
"It was a great opportunity that came in the right time.I was trying to learn Android Development, but i didn't know how to start.Then i found that program from Udacity, So i took that opportunity.The course started with me from the beginning, I learnt... Read More the basics of java, then Android DevelopmentAnd then Building wonderful applications.Each application you write, you have a mentor to review that app, telling you what makes it better, what good things you did and what wrong with it.I made friends in that program, met amazing mentors, and i had great time and experience.It was amazing journey, i learnt a lot of things and i had the best first step in my career.Read Less",udacity
"The course is very detailed and in-depth, while being beginner friendly and easy to understand even for those who haven't done any coding whatsoever in their lives. The content is easy to follow, the instructors make the learning experience smooth, the... Read More atmosphere is friendly and encouraging. Progressing through the lessons and projects makes you feel powerful. Highly recommended!Read Less",udacity
"This is a fantastic program because integrates both theoretical and pratical parts. Every chapter you complete, you have to do a project that will be reviewed by a mentor. The mentors are really helpful and you can ask them whatever you want, in particular... Read More when you have a problem doing a task.I can raccomend this experience to anyone!Read Less",udacity
Joining this program helped me get a jumpstart in my career by gaining skills I had previously thought were impossible to learn on my own. The mentors and classrooms are a huge help when challenges arise and the deadline helped me to work efficiently,udacity
"The program was really Interesting and helpfully. I felt that I was being taught to become a world class developer. Being said so, the material was covered really fast at some points thing we're just mentioned and then it was up to you to go and get deep... Read More into it. The portfolio projects were not that high quality.Read Less",udacity
I have all the best for Udacity. It helps a lot. It covers so many elements that someone without knowledge would learn easy. It also help me finding friends for life and even people that are my Kollegin. In short it was best experience ever plus free.... Read More 😊Read Less,udacity
"What I'm applying today go my daily bases now are the sever setup and the developer tools, they have been very helpfull for my to create a good portfolio and try to get my dream job. There are some thing that can be improved on the programm and like the... Read More memntor support, I was never contacted from Udacity staff.Read Less",udacity
"Pros of attending the Specialization:1. Course Material - The course material were very useful and relevant for students who wish to embark on a career in AI or relevant fields. 2. Designated Mentor - Throughout the course, I had a designated mentor who... Read More checks in with my on a weekly basis, to make sure I am on track to finishing the Nanodegree. My mentor was very helpful and provided me with lots of information pertaining to the subject matter, and I liked that he had job experience in the AI sector as well, because he was able to help me relate the course material to the applications in the industry.3. Well-designed Assignments - The assignments are designed to be difficult, yet doable. This means that you feel a sense of accomplishment after finishing each project, but at the same point in time, you also understand how the concepts you learn can be further applied to different problems.4. Good Job Support - Disclaimer: I did not fully utilise this service, as I knew I will be joining a PhD program. From what I utilised thus far, I think Udacity provides its alumni with ample job support, such as resume crafting and tips to improve your interview skills.Cons of attending the Specialization:1. Cost - Udacity courses are a tad too expensive, compared to the other courses offered by other e-learning platforms such as Coursera. However, considering the pros, I think this is a low cost to bear (pun intended).2. Time - This specialization is not for the faint-hearted; if you have no prior experience in AI (such as me), you will struggle. However, if you are willing to take out some time during the weekends to revise the concepts taught, you will be on track to finish the Nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"The course has provided excellent working material, explanations of working material and overall tutor support. I have never experienced this with other platforms, and I am definitely enrolling for another course with Udacity. The experience and more... Read More importantly the skills I have gained from taking this course was highly valuable.Read Less",udacity
"I am basically a Mainframe developer. For those of you who aren't familiar with it, it's a 60 year old technology that still runs behind the scenes of major banks, airlines and retail giants.I am fascinated by cars and had a deep interest to shift from... Read More something archaic to something cutting edge and voila! I came across the Self Driving Car Engineer Nanodegree programme by Udacity.The course is such a great enabler. It helped me to understand complex concepts of the Autonomous Vehicles world in easy to understand lessons, hands on trainings and projects, making me more confident in the topics. Through this course I was able to gain working proficiency in Computer Vision, Deep Learning, Sensor Fusion, Localization, Path Planning, PID Control and ROS.I just graduated a month ago and I can't wait to transition into a role that will help me utilize the knowledge I have earned.Overall, the Udacity Nanodegree programme has been a different and good experience, and for anyone who is trying to widen then knowledge on something you always wanted to, Udacity gets my highest recommendation.Read Less",udacity
Overall it’s a great place to learn and share as very oriented in foster local communities of practices. Pros: High quality content Modern and relevant subjects Strong community that supports each other Market visibility and recognition Cons: Price for... Read More non-US studentsRead Less,udacity
"I have tried multiple online resources to learn how to program and get better at it. I tried FreeCodeCamp, Codecademy, KhanAcademy and number of other sites but none gave me a better understanding then the nanodegree from Udacity. I also like the 1x1... Read More mentorship program which helps me be in check and answer all the questions I have regards to the program and career services. The only caveat I found is that some minor topics are recorded a while back and the lesson quizzes does not show proper answers when it comes to spaces or writing an answer in a different way. But that may be 1-2% of the time and Udacity is taking an effort to change that constantly.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:Great web partnersLatest techExcellent, useful contentHelpful message boards and coaches that actually look at your codeThorough code reviewsExcellent projectsCons:Not the cheapest program out there (online)Free catalog has thinned out over the years... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"Udacity Mobile Web Specialist nanodegree forces you to learn all the latest web technology (CSS3, web accessibility, fast loading, offline first, service worker, ES6, and more). It is a challenging course and you will spend a lot of time on it. Udacity... Read More provides a lot of additional resources (Slack, Forum) to help you understand the course material. The result of the nanodegree give me a deeper understanding of how the web works and give me many skills to enable to do more of what I do at work. Udacity provides a great environment to learn, the content is deep and cutting edge. It also provides a very supportive environment even for a slow learner like me.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity's Digital Marketing Nanodegree Program it's probably one of the best options for someone that want's to develop consistent skills in the field. The curriculum is comprehensive, going through every topic that deserves attention. The tutors are... Read More attentive and know what they are doing. The platform is organised, intuitive and pretty clear. I really could not mention any critical issue about the program, except that the content is dense and demands time and dedication for you to get things done. But considering the needs of the market, this should count as one of the ""pros"". Udacity's Program is a course made by professionals that level up the market, for people that are willing to take the challenge. It definitely changed the results of my company. I totally recommend it.Read Less",udacity
since the beginning of NDMD I was surprised by the results! The way the material is arranged on the platform is amazing and always has the tutor to assist in the remaining doubts! super indicated for you to know new areas of professional or hobby!Learning... Read More anywhere within Udacity!Read Less,udacity
"I've done my machine learning nano degree in 2017 and then successfully transformed my career to data scientist path! It's a great course for transforming your career.pros: very hands on, the guidence is very useful when doing hands on projects. Very... Read More strutured learning, not too daunting but useful enough! cons: cosumes a lot of time.Read Less",udacity
Udacity has high quality content compared to other MOOC. It also has a hands-on project and mentor to guide you. I like how they have experienced instructors who come from big name companies. They also have some interviews with top tech companies about... Read More how certain knowledge are being used at their companies. Their best nanodegrees (they call their program nanodegree) are those that have something to do with data and AIRead Less,udacity
"I have learned a lot about the whole process of the marketing and, specially, the digital marketing. At the same time i was learning, i was improving at my work praticing all the lessons. I must thank Udacity for this program. I can tell how my job changed... Read More before and after doing this Nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:Its really an amazing program.It teachs you what make you ready to go working in the market.Projects submission is one of the greatest feature, you will get a great feedback with a full code review.Also the mentor support is outstanding, your mentor... Read More will answer all your questions.After completing this course I got a new job.Read Less",udacity
"Most programs spend too much time on theory, much less on practical applications of technology.New classes often based on repackaged old material. Old material is not being improved over time.Seems like most of original content creators not with Udacity... Read More now. So, overall U becoming stale.Read Less",udacity
"I had my good and bad experiences with Udacity. It is an amazing idea and I love how the company is always adopting new courses to keep up with the ever evolving world of technology. My negative experiences sometimes are that courses skip too much information... Read More that should be deemed important. I understand that sometimes including everything in a concise course is difficult and topics might be briefly reviewed, but I also noticed that some subjects should be expanded more upon to build a stronger foundation (experienced this during the early versions of Deep Learning).My other concerns is the increasing pricing of the courses. I remember I only had to pay $200 for an entire course, which I was more than happy to do. Right now, courses can go over the 4 figures; which might limit some people. Udacity was built under the hope and idea to make learning and these materials easily accessible to people that might not have the resources to take them in a normal class setting.One last comment, Udacity might have been a victim of it too; but when the Deep Learning project first came out, they were promoting the courses of a certain individual who has been found guilty of divulging wrong information and in legal trouble for bad practices. I like the idea to bring professionals into the courses, but YouTube sensations might not be the best suited person to teach a whole course. A better vetting process should be in place, we are students and we will believe all the information at face level. I found many times, that something was incorrect and spent too much time trying to figure out why I was wrong since my output was not the same. In the end, I found out that I was right all along.All in all, Udacity is a great experience and place to develop the skills that you want; but new courses should be taken with precautions. The pricing is a rising concern, but the constant addition of new content makes me come back a take a look of what is new.Read Less",udacity
"yo estudie el nanodegree data engineer .yo recomendaria este curso porque no solo es teorico sino que atraves de proyectos tu pones en practica la teoria.en este curso tu puedes programar tus horas de estudio ya que el material siempre estara a tu disposicion.... Read More este curso abarca michos temas que son requeridos para los reclutadores como casandra, postgress, spark,aws,aws,airflow.Read Less",udacity
"Thanks to Udacity's web app development program which is thought by great people, who break it down as simple as possible that even a middle schooler can understand it plus all their homework assignments. It gave me the confidence and knowledge that boosted... Read More me to move forward in my career and after a few months of implementing the knowledge in my previous job. i was able to change location for a new one and i'm happy.Read Less",udacity
"Well. I didn't know much about tech world in my nascent years of college. Then i came across front-end nanodegree where Udacity provides a pretty much amateur to pro level experience. I thereby attended some job fairs and had a great learning experience... Read More there also again Udacity helped me there too . Furthermore i decided to do AI nanodegree which was just mind boggling. When you let your computer think, what should be the right choice is just overwhelming. This was my journey at Udacity. I thank Udacity for such experiences.Read Less",udacity
Udacity helped me to improve my career the job position before I had was a unit tester with the help of Udacity I'm now working as a Software Engineer in a company where I'm earning double the salary which the previous company gave me as tester Udacity... Read More helped me to follow my passion and Improve my knowledge now I'm a Android Developer who knows Machine Learning who is also a Full Stack Developer Udacity made it possible with just a Bachelors Degree I was provided just small job Udacity made it possible for me to pursue my passion. The main pros of Udacity are providing good and quality content which is required to pursue a career in the industry and they provide a certificate which is accepted by most of the company who knows value of Udacity Students.The next thing which I would like to mention is the mentor support which Udacity is giving is awesome each mentor is taking time on each students so that they can be properly guided to extreme length.The only con which I felt was Udacity should get some more good companies and should start seeking more companies from outside Because a student is investing his hard earned money to achieve something in his future. So instead of looking for experience they should understand the worthiness of the student.I want to thank Udaicty for giving such good opportunities.Read Less,udacity
"I had never written a line of code before, and since my youth I haven't done anything meaningful with computers other than gaming. But I was working at a bank in 2015 and I felt the breath of digitalization in my neck, so I decided to give programming... Read More a try. I enrolled into the Front-end Developer Nanodegree.Without any regrets. I discovered that programming is actually both a lot of fun, and not as intimidating as I've always thought it was. It gave me the introduction to programming I needed to be confident to continue on my programming journey along with the knowledge on how to build dynamic websites. And as I was on a roll, I finished several more Nanodegrees. The same year I started as a junior developer at a Fintech startup, that grew from only 5 employees to 50 in a matter of years. And I helped build it.Read Less",udacity
I was so happy to join this program last year before starting my sophomore year in CS college. It helped me a lot to get logical thinking and still helps me a-lot in various programming languages. This course was super easy and understandable until the... Read More JavaScript part it got harder but I still was able to follow up until I graduated Alhamdulilah in about 2-3 months with 2 hours at most in a day!Read Less,udacity
"The Nanodegree was by first online course. I did a lot since then also on other platforms. Udacity is the one with the highest quality and best learning journey. Videos, Text and Short quizess helping to understand the topic. But best are the small programm... Read More units where you can test, Work and learn in the actual programm You are in. Thanks a lot!Read Less",udacity
"Fiz o curso de Marketing digital na Udacity, e achei incrível. A idéia de ter como professores profissionais do mercado, mas além disto, profissionais que são especialista e trabalham para os grandes players como Google e Facebook, é muito imersiva e... Read More assertiva, o curso é fluido e mesmo sendo em inglês não exige um conhecimento avançado da língua, e mesmo que seu inglês não seja grandes coisas, as legendas resolvem muito bem. Super recomento o curso.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity's Front End Nanodegree program was comprehensive and up to date with the latest tech in the industry. It helped me hone good habits, introduce best practices, and drill necessary skills through exercises and projects alongside the lessons. The... Read More mentors were readily available for anything I needed and the student community is very supportive of each other as well. All in all a fantastic experience!Read Less",udacity
"Minha experiência com a Udacity foi maravilhosa! Realizei dois cursos na área de Análise de Dados e todo suporte e a forma que o conteúdo foi apresentando me encantaram. A formato interativo das aulas promove um aprendizado continuo, e os exercícios ministrados... Read More de fato levam os alunos a compreender o conceito do que foi aplicado.Read Less",udacity
"This is the perfect online learning platform I have found so far. It's easy to use. And the best thing in my experience: most of the courses on Udacity are more practical than other online learning sources. Another thing, before you purchase a course,... Read More you should make sure to watch the free preview videos. Some teachers on Udacity, although they are great, they don't speak English as their native language. Make sure you can understand your teachers before you really purchase his/her course.I loved the fair and timely feedback from project reviewers and how each project work forced me to think deeply about concepts you wouldn't get from most MOOCs. I also loved how the videos were short and concise and explained most concepts accurately.There are three main things that I like about Udacity:1. The design of the curriculum and its sound pedagogical approach,2. The real-life projects,3. The real mentors and student community.Read Less",udacity
"completed the Self-Driving Car ND, the DRLND and the CVNDvery good/relevant contenthelpful mentoring optionsaverage customer experience (had some requests with no reply and I had to chase the Community Manager to get them sorted out)helped getting a promotion/career... Read More change in MLunfortunately Udacity does not provide accredited Master Degrees (similar to Coursera)Read Less",udacity
"I completed two Udacity Nanodegrees, one is the iOS and the other is the Data engineering one. Enjoyed both experiences and could see how Udacity keeps improving the ND platform over the years.The DEND is the one I completed recently (a month ago). Pros:... Read More practical, up-to-date curriculum on data engineering. Great community and useful career support.Cons: content can improve and most of the time feels shallow. Specifically for DEND they should include realtime data ingestion and analysis to get a comprehensive offer imo.Overall I recommend taking their courses as a starting point.Obs. This review didn't offered me the ND I did but in order to submit it I selected ""Front End Web Developer"" which is not true.Read Less",udacity
"I am not the type of student who usually does well with an online platform. I do best when I interact with my professors, and when given deadlines. So it took me a few attempts to get it right at Udacity. But when I started with Udacity they were also... Read More a very new organization, and always looking for feedback on how to relate to all student levels and learning styles. They really took feedback seriously and that’s one reason why the nanodegree programs that are available today are so well thought-out and completely achievable. Since I’ve become truly focused on advancing my computer coding skill set and have joined the AI school I have completed two nanodegrees. I hope to continue to more advanced levels as soon as I can afford to. In the meantime, Udacity offers alumni so many free courses that one could never really stop learning.... Udacity has grown and developed into a learning institution where completing a nanodegree or a course has real credibility in the workplace, and it can actually be applied!!Read Less",udacity
Pros1 you will be leveled up by the program2 you will collaborate with other learners3 you will work on life projects4 you will be mentored by senior developers5 you will also learn career path and how to prepareCons1 It's not for beginners,udacity
"I've been taking course on Udacity for almost 3 years. I took mostly free classes. I mainly took the courses linked to machine and deep learning. Also I use the plateform as a virtual library. For example lastly I took the course on Git.What I like the... Read More most, is the practical aspects of the courses. The other thing is the fact that almost all the courses are produced in partnership with companies which is find great to learn by practice.My last experience was the NG AI Data product. It was a great introduction to this fieldRead Less",udacity
"I have completed two nano degrees as Udacity (React and AI Programming with Python). Both of these certifications have helped me in my professional life. At my old job I worked at for 4 1/2 years I was a full stack developer working with things like PHP... Read More and jQuery, I realized there had to be a better way to do FE work then jQuery and I saw the React Nano Degree. Long story short I am now a dedicated FE Engineer who basically JUST rights React all day making about 35k more since I took the class. AI Programming with Python was more a class just for me but taught me the basics of ML and gave me the tool of python. I have used python professionally as well to do some basic data analysis tasks.If you are an aspiring developer with no CS degree (like me) this is the place to go, you don't just follow along with videos, you get quizzed, you build projects essentially on YOUR OWN which get code reviewed (and that you can show off at interviews).Read Less",udacity
"I started my career 4 years ago as a Junior ADAS engineer for one of the most renowned automotive suppliers in Europe. I came from mechatronics engineering background and this was my first job. Given my background, I was very incompetent when it came... Read More to software. I struggled for the first year to keep up with the company's strict software development rules, which was a set back for my learning curve, as I was to busy trying to learn all the software concepts that I was missing, and didn't have the chance to stay up-to-date with the autonomous driving/systems world. A year later, I came across the self-driving car nanodegree by Udacity, and that's when everything changed. I decided to give it a try and invest some time and money in something that would probably be a boost for my career. Throughout the following 11 months, I was amazed by how detail-oriented the content was. Lectures managed to isolate the core features of autonomous vehicles from the intense SW concepts needed to implement such features. I was focused on deepening my understanding of how an autonomous system should behave and how to measure its performance, while having easy access to all the guides that helps understaning which SW tools are necessary for systems development. Right after I graduated the nanodegree, I found myself ready for a new challenge, and that is when I decided to start working on my masters. The nanodegree provided me with the core SW knowledge and resources, in addition to exploring all aspects of the autonomous vehicle domain, leaving me with experience and curiosity to face new challenges. A year later, I finished my thesis, defended it, and started to explore new challenges that would eventually boost my career. I would definitely recomment the nanodegree to anyone wanting to pursue a career in autonomous driving.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: Udacity's Android Basics Nanodegree was very dummy friendly from the beginning, the creators took the time to explain all the important concepts we needed to know before we could start coding. I loved that my hands were not tied with the schedule... Read More and I could complete classes whenever I wanted to. The assignments were hands on, and the feedback I received was detailed and meaningful. This course laid the foundations of my current area of interest, and I am very grateful that I could participate in the program. Cons: The support I received from my assigned mentor was very underwhelming, I ended up having to figure things out on my own. Which may not be a bad thing afterall. Disclaimer : I got into the course via a scholarship program so I got to complete it free of charge.Read Less",udacity
"Pros Udacity platform making watching videos , a process of learning fast than just reading. Udacity nano degree program taught me how to search for information online , when I get stuck. There classroom is very interactive, lively, very convenient for... Read More anybody to learn. There quiz is awesome , I learn faster when I failed quiz questions. There code review help you to write a professional code.Read Less",udacity
"I completed Mobile Web Specialist Nanodegree program and It was very important to me. I learned new skills to make a better work and I proved to me that with effort and a good tools I can get what I propose. I had 3 tutors, If I remember correctly, the... Read More first one was amazing anda very helpful. The last one didn't answer my questions, this was the worst part, but I was able to finish the course thank to the chat with others students.Read Less",udacity
"I was looking for a career switch from medicine into data science . I had used a lot of online courses platforms before encountering udacity, but udacity stands out. Udacity offers indepth teaching on concepts and the way the syllabus is structured allows... Read More for better understanding as the relationship between various concepts are shown. The tutors are friendly , and the videos are very descriptive and colourful. The most exciting part of all is the projects, they are challenging and they help to integrate all the taught concepts, the projects are also industrial grade. The only setback is the cost of offering the programs, I wish the costs were lesser.Read Less",udacity
"During my experience with udacity I felt very immersive in the content and motivated to continue improving my career, the opportunity helped me in a big way to improve my skills and get a better position in the job market. Thank you Udacity for the support.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I was looking for a career switch from medicine into data science . I had used a lot of online courses platforms before encountering udacity, but udacity stands out. Udacity offers indepth teaching on concepts and the way the syllabus is structured allows... Read More for better understanding as the relationship between various concepts are shown. The tutors are friendly , and the videos are very descriptive and colourful. The most exciting part of all is the projects, they are challenging and they help to integrate all the taught concepts, the projects are also industrial grade. The only setback is the cost of offering the programs, I wish the costs were lesser.Read Less",udacity
Pros : The best part is that I started showing interest in coding and developing some amazing website and application. I think Udacity shown me a path and followed it. I am Software Engineer it's all because of Course which I took from Udacity.Cons :... Read MoreAfter getting experience in IT industry I realise that the new and trending technology should be tough in this course.Read Less,udacity
"I was working in the Social Media landscape for a few months and wanted to know the wire frame of how to market a product or a service digitally. I found the Udacity DMND to be a great resource in this respect and the live projects were an excellent teaching... Read More aids in figuring out the actionable points of a vast field. Though the Degree comes with Job services as a plus I found this resource a bit lacking. It was clubbed with other NanoDegrees such AI and ML and most of the emphasis in the jobs area were restricted towards these areas. In conclusion i would say the DMND was a good learning resource but as far as job search goes , that has to be done by the individual him/herselfRead Less",udacity
PROS1. Defined content which is manageable while working full-time2. Abstract section wise learning program which provides rich experience for beginners3. Effective communication channels for issues while learning / platformCONS1. More elaborative content... Read More explaining the concepts clearly2. More examples driven approach to provide hands on experienceRead Less,udacity
Good learning experience and understanding the key concepts.Getting cross the line of perfection and udacity helped. I think it would be a good idea for me to be able to continue collaboration with udacity. The reason is that I have a meeting with mentor... Read More mudassir.Read Less,udacity
The price was very expensive for how little content there is in the course. I liked some of the behavioral elements like booking the slots to study in your diary. The career stuff was ok. The projects were useful and the tutors provided decent feedback.... Read More Usability was terrible- for example they don't provide worksheets that you can write into for completing projects so you spend a lot of time converting and doing admin. It's so basic. This review is for the Udacity AI Product Management course.Read Less,udacity
"I took the entry to programming course and learned the basics in CSS, HTML, Python, and Javascript. I thought the program went off to a great start and explained thoroughly. However, towards the end it started getting more difficult. Since javascript... Read More is more of an advanced language, I felt the tutorials were rushed and didnt go into as much depth as I'd like. I still learned, but had to go to other sites to gather more information.All in all, I would definitely take a free or paid course from Udacity again.Read Less",udacity
"Excellent experience with Udacity Android nano degree. I have joined android nano degree to just advanced my carrier. I have not moved to android developer but now I can write codes with confidence. Very happy to joined! Thanks a lot to Udacity, Google... Read More and their instructors!Read Less",udacity
"I am a Brazilian software engineer that love to learn new things and improve what I already know. My first nanodegree on udacity was about React development. I already worked with React that time and the course was expensive to me. But after I see the... Read More course summary, I decided to give it a try. It was one of the best choice that I ever made for my career. The course made me grow very much professionally and taught me much more than I expected. Today I recommended any nanodegree from Udacity for anyone.Read Less",udacity
"I was interested in Udacity's Nanodegree. The curriculum was up to date and the videos with the animation helped grasping the new information quickly. Tge instructors are AMAZING! The idea of having a real project with real reviewers that provide feedback... Read More on your code, logic and design is a whole new level of online learning.Pros : 1- Amazing videos that covers most of the important topics.2- Real reviewers for all your projects. 3- Online mentor assigned for you so you can ask him if you have any questions. 4- Helping to secure a job. 5- Amazing graduates community.Cons :NOTHING AT ALL 👌Read Less",udacity
"Thanks to Udacity Android Nanodegree, I've managed to prove and display my skills while searching for new job opportunities. Pros: + anytime access to learning resources + well selected learning materials + support from other students, alumni and mentors... Read More + support with creating CV and find job opportunities + overall community experience Cons: - some topics a bit out of date but I assume it's very difficult to always be up to date in such a fast paced environmentRead Less",udacity
I took intro to programming course it was my first course and my first learning to code chance and I’m glad I did it it help me to manage a lot of things in university since I Entered computer science it was a great opportunity . you guys if you have... Read More anyone that knows 0 about programming you have to try this course it’s so simple and clear and doesn’t make you feel lost at all.Read Less,udacity
"The courses teach the basics pretty well. The content and explanation is good. But many times a lot of industry needed skills are not taught, and many outdated ones are taught. The courses need to be updated frequently. Plus it is highly over priced.... Read More For such a high cost, every course must have hiring partners, but only a few courses offer thatRead Less",udacity
I attended Front End nano degree program and it was amazing experience and the support was great from students community slack channels but also udacity mentors. I had chance to participate in different event including google events. The job spport was... Read More excellent.Read Less,udacity
I've followed the Predictive Analytics for Business Nanodegree. It was a well organized course content lead by industry experts from Alteryx. I've learned a framework on how to tackle predictive analytics problems and we've had plenty of hands-on exercises... Read More and real life scenario projects where we could practice each theoretical model.Read Less,udacity
"In Python foundation nanodegree i learned up to date concepts with python like numpy, pandas, basic website development.In this course are instructors 's teaching method is completely awesome.I learned many stuff with python. without a dought there is... Read More no disadvantage of any course, but course fee is very expensive.Read Less",udacity
"Before beginning the Deep Learning Engineer Nanodegree, I was honestly at a roadblock with my career. Trying to convince my managers to take me into the Machine Learning Teams in itself was a huge challenge. Eventually I was able to access the Nanodegree... Read More program via one of the Scholarships avilable. and upon completion, it really gave my profile an edge. I have honestly gained immense confidence in the field and can pretty much take on most challenges when they come up to me on a daily basis since I was successfully able to start working on solving problems using Machine Learning in my team.Read Less",udacity
I completed both Advanced Android and Front End Developer Nanodegree and both were amazing. The Level of knowledge gained from two of those courses have taken me to a level where I can work in the industry without any other training. The video lessons... Read More were interactive and interesting and the projects helped me solidify everything I learned. Thank you Udacity!Read Less,udacity
I did Deep Learning Nanodegree with udacity. Thebest oart of the course was that it almost covered all the topics in deep learning and gave us a project related to it to improve our understanding. The instructors were also very good. And I can't say enough... Read More about how good is their customer support. Mentor helped me a lot over the course of my nanodegreeRead Less,udacity
"This course had amazing teaching videos with animations which helped a lot to understand the concepts. Only when I faced the first project some instructions were unclear, but later I could apply all the rules to the rest of the projects. Virtual maschine... Read More for deep learning was chrashing sometimes which made me train locally on intel-integrated GPU.Read Less",udacity
"My main experience with Udacity was the Design Sprint Nanodegreee. I'm the technical responsible for a software startup and we were struggling to choose our next moves in terms of new product releases. I choose to search for external knowledge sources... Read More and found Udacity's Design Sprint NanoDegree. The learning experience was great, the instructions clear and straight to the point. When I was doing the course we were in the middle of a brain storm period in my company so I only wished I could move faster than the schedule with the assignments and reviews (this is the only small critic). After I completed the course I was able to lead an actual design sprint process in my company and the results were great. Not only we were able to define our next software requirements but we also adopted the ""fail fast"" mentality required for growing startups.I'm still using the knowledge I acquired in a everyday basis.Read Less",udacity
"I can proudly say that I am an Udacity Digital marketing nanodegree holder. this course is truly amazing and it helped me to learn about various digital marketing trends and gave me so much confidence in the early phase of my life career , I am ready... Read More to take my next job and I have received great hike in my salary. All thanks to Udacity nanodegree programJust a bit upset with the Udacity propel event because, the company of digital marketing were not invited therefore we were left out, Hope next time Udacity considers DMND graduates also for next propelRead Less",udacity
The nano degree program is totally worth the experience. Also having projects at the end of each topic was helpful in putting learning to action. I didn't like my mentor initially but was able to switch to one more hands and interactive. The slack channel... Read More allowed me meet my classmates and learn so much from everyoneRead Less,udacity
"Udacity is really excellent nad provides people with nice opportunities to learn and grow. This helps to move from academia to industry and also get promotions in jobs. The overall content is really with live projects and girhub reviews,linkedin reviews.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"Great experience. Udacity's instructors are great and they teach you from professional viewpoint. You also get a free prerequiste course with each nanodegree. Once you learn with udacity, your foundations are strong. You can be sure that you will be career... Read More ready if you just follow the course and stick to the deadlines.Read Less",udacity
"The React nanodegree was awesome, the oportunity of learn with the biggest reference of react(Tyler) offered to me the opportunity of change my mind and seek for a job in a completely difference area of development. In two weeks I got a new job showing... Read More the portfolio on github.Read Less",udacity
Actually it was a great experience cause learning in udacity is depending on fun and that’s why learning in udacity is enjoyable.Code review was very good and clear which make you write a clean and maintainable code.Videos quality is very good and simple... Read More to be understood.At the end I do recommend udacity for developers whatever they have experience or not.Read Less,udacity
"I've done a nanodegree in Artificial intelligence, an introductory course to cover the basics. The course material and lessons were great, however the projects were too easy and the support of AI reviewers and mentors were awful, totally different from... Read More the previous experience with the Android courseRead Less",udacity
"My experience with udacity was mostly satisfying and the app is nice to work with. Mobile app and website nicely structured. Information is thorough and sequential. Overall, I would say it is a 8 out of 10, mainly because you reach one point at the end... Read More of the course and after that you are on your own, which is not a bad thing any way.Read Less",udacity
"I have graduated from Data Engineer and Data Scientist Nanodegrees from Udacity. Both the roles are in high demand in current job market. The Data Engineer Nanodegree focuses on teaching Data Modeling with SQL and NoSQL databases, working with large scale... Read More data by building ETL pipelines using Apache Spark and Amazon Redshift. Udacity is also coming up with Data Streaming Nanodegree that focuses on Apache Kafka. The Data Scientist Nanodegree covers broad spectrum including Machine Learning, Data analysis, writing analytical blog posts, deploying deep learning, building recommendation system etc. Both the Nanodegrees are highly project based that allows creating a demonstrable portfolio of projects on GitHub.Read Less",udacity
"I had a great experience with the Full Stack Web Developer Nanodegree! Very good content, great feedback. I came to this program with an experience , but still found out a lot of new things that helped me to grow up as a developer. The program contents... Read More match exactly the knowledge requirements that I had later on my job.Read Less",udacity
"Finished the Android Developer Nanodegree. Went drom 0 to developer on 6 months. Not only do you learn, but you also finish the course with a number of apps under your belt to be used as a portfolio. Good mentor support and. Students and alumni are also... Read More encouraged to contribute in the forums which quickly became a valuable source of information. Definitely recommendedRead Less",udacity
"Coming from an Android-dominated background, I knew I needed to gain some knowledge in iOS development. I had literally zero knowledge of iOS development and after Udacity's course, I'm on my second full-fledged application. I have used the knowledge... Read More I've gained in Udacity's course to advance my personal and professional careers. I now write applications for myself and for my workplace.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity instructors, lessons, quizzes, and projects are exactly how they market it, real life industry experience without being in the industry just yet. I received a Google Scholarship for Udacity's Frontend Web Developer Track and even though I have... Read More some programming experience from school, I still learned so much that I probably wouldn't haven't known without Udacity. These include Web Dev tools, tooling, scaleable code, readable code (documentation saves me so much time), testing, and a great community who helps everyone out when they have a question! On top of that, the instructors are world class experts, honestly their videos should be shown in every programmers classroom and lecture.Read Less",udacity
"I took the DEEP LEARNING NANODEGREE COURSE from Udacity. Well, taking a course here on udacity is worth your money. They teach you in a way no one else can. Well this is what you expect from a teaching group having greats of this tech field. The mentors... Read More were really helpful too. The tutorials were designed such that you get the gist of the topic before you even know you are studying it now! The platforms used too were the most advanced ones plus any other facilities that were expensive like Gpus etc were provided by udacity. There were practice questions to make you well versed with the topics. All in all, Udacity does what it says. Kudos!Read Less",udacity
I learned Android Basics and it was my first professional programming study experience with no programming background . The pros : Learn by doing 9 projects Great community with slack and forum Special mentorship program Weekly AMA sessions Study groups... Read More Project reviews Cons: Some of the material and concepts got deprecated and needed updating once i graduated But Udacity lessons include teaching us how to always learn from documentation and how to seek the new concepts and techniques from Stack over flow and on special slack space for Alumni Another con my Nanodegree track didn't have career portal like other tracksRead Less,udacity
"I absolutely loved how much I learned from this program. I barely knew anything about web dev and by the end I could confidently create landing pages and felt moderately comfortable with React. However, some of the classes were out of date and had no... Read More support on how to get the files to work. At least one of these, I completely skipped. The class is made up of different segments that are stand alone products. The flow from one section to the next was not always great and the order of the segments was sometimes off. One class expected you to know something that wasn't taught until the next class, for example. Also, the only real support you get is from fellow classmates. Overall, I really enjoyed it but I would have been rather angry if I had paid for it instead of getting the scholarship.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity offers one of the best Machine Learning and AI programs and I am lucky that I completed the Intro to Machine Learning program. My focus completely changed, my resume got stronger, and my thriving for knowledge increased a lot. I got placed on... Read More Deloitte, thanks to the projects this course offered. They were definitely brainstorming and real life projects. I am definitely gonna complete the other courses as well. The support was also upto the mark. And helped me whenever i got stuck at a problem.Highly Recommend!Read Less",udacity
I have tried Udacity to learn Android development and I must say it was a very enjoyable experience. Plus the lecturers I worked with were super understanding and would always guide you in the right way whenever needed. I couldn't recommend Udacity enough.... Read MoreRead Less,udacity
I have taken 2 AI Programming with Python and Machine Learning Engineer Nanodegrees. I really learned a lot with them. I have to say that they are not relatively easy but the challenges made me a much better developer. I would definitely recommended to... Read More intermediate/advance developers or beginners who are not scare of challenges.Read Less,udacity
"I’ve done the Business Analyst program. It was amazing, interesting and I think very useful for my career. No cons, just pros. I learned how to analyze and visualize data, do some predictions and explain data in way that I didn’t know before. Love it.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"Hello! Udacity is amazing, when i really thought that i've followed a wrong path in my life, i managed to win a contest and get a free 3 months course on the basics of Android. I've had some coding background so it may have not been the most challenging... Read More thing ever but i was really well supported by mentors and good tasks for the students. I did very well and i've managed to get a seat in another 6-months course where i've learned almost everything i know! Amazing mentors with really good feedback and quick response! And i loved that we really got reviewed on your assignments from the course! Indeed an amazing experience that helped me learn a hard domain and pushed my career!Read Less",udacity
"I am graduated as Machine Learning Engineer from Udacity. The atomicity of their teaching is something I really love. All the lectures are completely clear and fully explorive conceptualized. Each and every topic is taught from it's grounds. As a platform... Read More of education, Udacity is serving it's best. Thanks to UdacityRead Less",udacity
"I took the React Nanodegree course. It took me a while more than the usual Udacity student to finish because I was also working and studying in College at the time, but it was definitely worth it!Soon I was offered a job in Hungary and eventually I got... Read More an even better one in Germany, which is where I am now. React is one of the most important front-end technologies now so naturally it is important that front-end developers know it and have experience with it.The course is taught by professionals that work directly with React for a long time (some of them helped build it!) and the Udacity structure helps you have your questions answered and gives you access to the community.The only unpleasant part is the price. The courses are very expensive for most. However, if you have money to spare or can put together some then I believe it is worth the effort.Read Less",udacity
"I work as a CMO in a Spanish business school. It is not a conventional one, since its entire academic offering is 100% online. I truly believe in online education and I found my Front-End Developer Nanodegree efficient, complete and to-the-point.Now I... Read More am going to join a new nanodegree in a less-technical area, let's see if Udacity's courses are as much interesting as they are for technological education.Read Less",udacity
"I had a lot of back end development experience but was never really confident in my front end abilities. Udacity's curriculum gave me the daily structure I needed in order to achieve those skills. After completing the program, I feel I am now in demand... Read More in the job marketplace, and have a competitive edge over the field.My experience with udacity was very positive and I would totally recommend their react front end program to anyone looking to level up their career.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is a great way that people like me, from a small city in a country of south america to get high level of knowledge in an easy and cheap way.The course is great, covering all my needs. I will be for shure in others courses in the future, in AI... Read More .Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is a great opportunity and real chanche to learn something valuable. I was one of the scholarship participant of their Front End Development Program, and I had to work hard, but I got all the support ang encuragement, so I was able to follow through... Read More the whole program, even beside school and other life-stuff :). I feel lucky and I definitely want to come back to their classroom!Read Less",udacity
"Entering a nanodegree program was the best decision I ever made, besides the support of the intruders, I had a formation of fundamental concepts in web technologies.With this course I specialized and got the job in the company I wanted so much, at all... Read More times I had the support of udacity professionals to remove doubts.The only part that leaves something to be desired is linkedin profile reviews, other than that, it's the best course I've ever done and it's worth the investment.Read Less",udacity
"This program was a very beneficial and amazing program for people who are begining to learn python programming language .It was overall a very good experience , since we had to also do projects which actually tested our knowledge .I got to learn a lot... Read More from the program and was amazing .Read Less",udacity
"I think if You You have the money yo afford it, You should take this course, I think their are expensive of You are in another Country they could offer a parity currency discount. I learned a lot But sometimes I think the material is old. Dime teachers... Read More are really goodRead Less",udacity
"Overly simplistic instruction. Frustrating assignments. Rather expensive tuition. On the plus side, the production quality of the videos is decent. I can't say I would recommend this experience. While it may teach you the basics, there are other routes... Read More that do a better job.Read Less",udacity
"The DMND course gave me the confidence and ability to manage the social media pages for my organization. Project oriented approach provided the opportunity to make mistakes and learn from them. The course is well thought out, properly paced and gives... Read More you enough insights into the world of Digital Marketing.My only concern is that I was unable to use the Udacity Career Portal to it's full extent.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity has been the best thing that happened to my career. I just enrolled myself into the course and was not sure whether I made the right decision or not. But now I can undoubtedly say that the value and offering that you get here is of International... Read More level and is definitely worth every penny you pay for the course.It’s not an expense rather an investment, the fruits of which you’ll enjoy in the years to come.Read Less",udacity
"The program offered me many benefits, to gave me the way to achieve what I want, everything was neat and started from level 0 until the knowledgeable level.The projects were beneficial as well, it is the way to apply what you have learned with situations.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"The two programs I completed had a lot of material to cover. But I found that after completing the courses, I was not prepared to become a web developer or get a job. The learning is project based, which is fine if they took more time to actually explain... Read More the concepts they are trying to teach you. Also some of the technology they use is prior versions and they do not work well.Read Less",udacity
"I can only talk about the pros of the program as I really do not see any cons.The pros are that React is a really nice new open-source technology that has a good community and allows you to create web and mobile apps. The program is really well-structured... Read More with links to other courses/articles/books that provide additional information on the topics the program is covering. It even includes which information about how to keep up with the React world: by following specific twitter accounts, reading blogs or tech news sources.Read Less",udacity
"Signing up for udacity courses was one of the best decision i could make because not only i could get the first class education in artificial intelligence but also i could have a job as a NLP mentor.Thanks to Udacity, i had the opportunity to follow my... Read More dreams!Read Less",udacity
"The program was the best ever practical experience I have got and feedback for all projects were really amazing. I don't think we can get that kind of detailed feedback of our projects anywhere. Overall, I would strongly recommend to anyone who wants... Read More to gain perfect practical experience with the best guidance all the time.Read Less",udacity
My experience with Udacity has been in the courses that I took. The course started from basics and took me to a journey from basics to advanced. I recommend the udacity platform to everybody who are just tipping their toes in the technology and want to... Read More learn it well.Read Less,udacity
"I completed 2 nanodegrees in Udacity React and Android. They have helped me grow in my career and really helped develop my skills. The videos were clear and concise. The projects have thorough code review, really pushing you to give your best in doing... Read More them.Read Less",udacity
My experience with Udacity has been in the courses that I took. The course started from basics and took me to a journey from basics to advanced. I recommend the udacity platform to everybody who are just tipping their toes in the technology and want to... Read More learn it well.Read Less,udacity
"My experience with Udacity has been amazing. I feel that the courses are tailor made for each student because you hace a mentor with whom you can ask any question you may have. Also, the content and projects feel great to really understand what you are... Read More learning.Read Less",udacity
I found deep learning nanodegree to be the best course available online to learn and start doing deep learning from the first day. Its a very good hands on experience. Deep learning nanodegree coupled with reinforcement learning nanodegree will make the... Read More package of AI complete for you. I strongly suggest to avail this awesome course.Read Less,udacity
"- assignments very close to real world problems, the course is really preparing someone for a real job- very prompt live support. Whenever I had problems they were instantly solved- state of the art curriculum. Technologies update according to the industry... Read More standardsRead Less",udacity
I attended Intro to programming and it gave me the confidence to pursue a career in programming! I went as far as finishing my nano-degree in flying cars and heading towards working on a grad degree in Machine Learning from Georgia Tech this next year!... Read More It gave me so much life changing motivation that I can't recommend it enough! Leap!Read Less,udacity
"Udacity is a great platform to learn from because they use different learning techniques through their use of videos, reading, &amp; hands on instruction. The nature of the industry is such that it is ever evolving, but Udacity does their best to keep up... Read More with current standards.Read Less",udacity
"I had the opportunity to participate in two trainings (Design Sprint and Digital Marketing) that contributed significantly to my career. With a unique dynamic even from a distance, I felt like I was present. Thank you very much and I hope to be able to... Read More participate in other formations.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:- The courses have good didactic and good organization of the material- The projects are good in requesting the implementation of the material- The projects reviews are good and complete, with not only review of the missing points for the project... Read More acceptance, but also good suggestions for improvements.Cons:- Don't have support to Brazil anymore- Lost of access to the course material after sometimeRead Less",udacity
"Overall, I thoroughly enjoyed my experience with Udacity. I think the method in which the content is relayed and the projects that we were required to take part in was very effective. The only thing I would even consider changing would probably be the... Read More actual contents of the course. I’d focus substantially more on Python and expand that section, but again, that’s just a small nitpick.Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity program allowed me to transition from my previous job into my new intended career by providing a flexible schedule. The online platform is the best of its kind, and the knowledge I gathered there over the six months it took me to finish my... Read More nanodegree opened the doors to my first work experience as a software engineer and allowed me to start a master's program having come from a different field.Read Less",udacity
"I've been studying for a long time, firstly I did my Degree of Science of Sports then I changed my mind and take a chance as a Software Engineer. Udacity has been one of the main supports to get into working on that area in a short period of time. I'm... Read More now studying the Degree of Software Engineering and working as a Software Engineer in Support department. When I entered to Udacity I was in the middle of my Degree, now I'm almost finishing. But Udacity has helped me managing tools that helped in my interview at the job I'm now. You can enter with minimum knowledge of the technologies (I needed to know javascript for the course, which I didn't) because Udacity helps you to get into the level needed of each one, with clear explanations supported by videos, also linking to free Udacity courses which have knowledge about that (also if that doesn't work you will have to get over yourself and find the necessary via browsing the internet). The project is simple, at the end of the course you will create a web that can manage CRUD operations (create read update delete data), launched from an Amazon Web Services server, working with Git (a tool to create and store versions of a program). All of that are the basics you need to know in order to get into working.Read Less",udacity
"I've been studying for a long time, firstly I did my Degree of Science of Sports then I changed my mind and take a chance as a Software Engineer. Udacity has been one of the main supports to get into working on that area in a short period of time.I'm... Read More now studying the Degree of Software Engineering and working as a Software Engineer in Support department. When I entered to Udacity I was in the middle of my Degree, now I'm almost finishing. But Udacity has helped me managing tools that helped in my interview at the job I'm now.You can enter with minimum knowledge of the technologies (I needed to know javascript for the course, which I didn't) because Udacity helps you to get into the level needed of each one, with clear explanations supported by videos, also linking to free Udacity courses which have knowledge about that (also if that doesn't work you will have to get over yourself and find the necessary via browsing the internet).The project is simple, at the end of the course you will create a web that can manage CRUD operations (create read update delete data), launched from an Amazon Web Services server, working with Git (a tool to create and store versions of a program). All of that are the basics you need to know in order to get into working.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity allowed me to learn and discover a new world through deep learning and AI. Its an amazing plataform with a lot of courses, awesome teachers/instructors and have a great community of alumnis. They give you the opportunity to achive a new level... Read More of knowledge and develop skills with online courses, you being anywhere in the world!Read Less",udacity
"Thanks to the scientific methodology in the presentation of the article, I understanded many concepts and saw the best practices and I think I am now qualified to start a professional marketing campaign thanks to this course, I recommend this cousre (Digital... Read More Marketing) from (Udacity)Read Less",udacity
"I took a 6 course Nano-degree on Udacity and it was very helpful for me to build a great knowledge and skills in the web development track, it was the first time I took a whole track set of courses online, and it was really a great experience and very... Read More recommended for any fresh graduate want to up-skill his knowledge and skills to take it.Read Less",udacity
"I was working in a job that didn't make me happy. I invested my time and money in Udacity, and changed my career path. I learned the best practices adopted by professionals and be able to quickly adapt to my new job. Today I am a mobile developer in a... Read More large project. Thanks to Udacity!Read Less",udacity
Taking the Udacity nanodegree helped me understand industry best practices and skills outside tech. My career started with Udacity and it was easy because the content I started with were really beginner friendly and while I dive deeply into the curriculum... Read More it just got easier and better. Project reviews also help alot in understanding concepts.Read Less,udacity
"I got Android Developer nanodegree from Udacity and it was a great experience that enhanced my skills and experience ,the courses in nanodegree were up to date and to the point also the projects were practical and close from the real world projects .",udacity
"Good experience. Lessons are easy to follow, fast and punctual in project reviews. My experience has been very positive. Very helpful tutors. The teachers are very motivating, I also liked the community they created for the course and the forums. I would... Read More do it againRead Less",udacity
"After work for 7 year with old front-end tech, I saw it was time to update my skills.This program have the perfect pace and doing the project after finish a module just made sure you catch up everything. It make you get confidence too and works a small... Read More portfolio.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity focused on exactly what I needed to be prepared for a competitive career field. The program allowed me the freedom to learn at my own pace, while holding me accountable to soft deadlines. On top of the technological skills I gained in the program,... Read More their optional courses and webinars on creating my resume and preparing for interviews, I believe, is what helped them stand out as an educator, and me as an applicant.Read Less",udacity
"Uma ótima plataforma para quem realmente que aprender, os professores são altamente qualificados, a plataforma oferece uma gama enorme que ferramentas para auxiliar, você consegue tanto apoio dos professores quanto dos demais alunos que estão no mesmo... Read More curso que você.Read Less",udacity
"Studying with Udacity was fun, they provide a thorough explanation on the topics required and the animations used in the videos were great. The videos are not very fast paced as to help students who dislike a steep learning curve, everything is explained... Read More with simple explanations and compact quizzes after each important topic. Here's a list of the pros and cons so as to summarise the experience.PROS:1&gt; Detailed explanations of the topics.2&gt; Moderately paced videos.3&gt; Quizzes after important topics.4&gt; Multiple projects.5&gt; 1-1 mentor support.6&gt; Udacity's Job fair7&gt; Student groups for simple doubt clearing.8&gt; Alumini connections.9&gt; Fast project reviews.CONS:There aren't any special cons to count, except the fact that mentor will not be available 24/7, like I used to work in the night, from 11pm to 4 am, and if I had a doubt, mentor will reply the next morning or afternoon.Read Less",udacity
My overall experience at Udacity was a very positive one the videos lectures are great and easy to follow and the curriculum is built in such a way that key concepts build on top of each other so you understand it even moreBut for me the most exciting... Read More part were the projects Because the projects will put your skills to the test in a way that stretches you and you have to do some research on your own .. and if do get stuck you have access to a mentor that you can arrange session with other than that there is also a student hub... do you have access to all the support you can get.. another really cool stuff is the project review aspect where you get feedback and advices on your project and how you could have done it better .. the only major thing I ddnt like was the fact that the Nanodegree I enrolled for had old content and that led to some issues.. but they were resolved by the student hub and the mentor I was assigned toBut the last time I checked even that has been taken care of because they updated their content for the Nanodegree (fullstack web developer) I would definitely recommend enrolling...Read Less,udacity
"If you want to have a course that will prepare you and put you ready to take on real life projects, Udacity is for you. The material is thoughtfully prepared and divided. The lectures are fun and dynamic, always requiring you to follow along doing the... Read More examples yourself. The business analysis course boosted my professional career.Read Less",udacity
"I have started learning programming through Udacity. It was a very good experience in the sense that the curriculum, the projects that you have to build to showcase your level of knowledge and mastery as well as the great support that they provide really... Read More help build the confidence necessary in what your learning and to start applying for jobs in that field.Read Less",udacity
"Pros* Things I would have spent a lot of weeks or months trying to find them on the internet were all brought together for me in one place, this made the learning experience easier.* The use of videos and animations to explain concepts made it easy to... Read More imagine and understand very complex concepts.Cons* A few subjects were undercooked.Read Less",udacity
"This programme is for those who want to understand neural networks. It balances the theory behind the ideas and algorithms of deep learning as well as the numerical implementations in Python. Being a mathematician myself, I struggled more with the computing... Read More exercises but in the end it is quite rewarding when practice finally follows theory.It has helped me to come with ideas on how we could do certain tasks in my job as well. I have to say it is quite expensive, but forcing oneself to actually sit down and do the projects definitely helps in the learning process.Read Less",udacity
"I had attended the Deep Learning Nano Degree program from Udacity, regarding that course I can say , it is well structured course. Some pros and cons I feel during the course are as follow :A. Pros :1. Well Structured.2. Mentor support &amp; reviewing team... Read More always encourage.3. They made every concept so easy &amp; simple, anyone can understood it.B. Cons :There is only one con I feel is about Job assistance is not that good as Udacity is a big Educational platform but, still its not the worst in the market.My Journey being a Udacian is already started and its limitless, I follow the same moto of Udacity that is ""Keep Learning"" &amp; ""Keep Growing"".Read Less",udacity
"The pros are that you can structure your learning experience in a way that works for you, flexible time management, nice support team, you can ask for help in the group chat, you have a personal mentor to help you, etc...There are not really any cons... Read More in my experience.Read Less",udacity
"This program will teach you how to program and launch your first Android Apps while giving you a small portfolio. You could say that cons are that since Google updates Android regularly, the course can sometimes be somewhat outdated albeit still work... Read More perfectly. However, to remedy to this, Udacity encourages and gives you resources to learn about those new practices. They even accept new solutions not provided in the course.Read Less",udacity
"I was with the dmnd program, it was a great experience in terms of all the hands on training that I got. The feedback given by mentors is also helpful and critical. I wish we had access to the course material for longer for whenever we need a refresher.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I've graduated from 2 paid nanodegrees (Android, VR) and many free courses.Overall I really recommend Udacity as it hold a high value to most of it's courses. However there are exceptions. The VR nanodegree started up as something really promising but... Read More for an unknown reason it was a bit abandoned and withheld only by the personal effort of the people mentoring it.Read Less",udacity
"I attended the nano degree in Artificial intelligence to reinforce my knowledge and challenge myselfThe program is intense with first a deep dive in basics of AI and after a focus on a project with one specialty of your choice among 3 (NLP, Vision for... Read More instance). By the past, i followed a lot of different online courses on same topics but here, but Udacity has something unique, it is PRAGMATIC.You are ready to onboard more complex projects after this, the sequence of topics, projects, videos and the support provided by your coach make you very efficient. I personally love this bootcamp approach, it worked fine for me.I've already recommended Udacity to other friends and their share my points of viewEnjoyCheersStephaneRead Less",udacity
"I will keep it simple: I definitely recommend Data Science Nanodegree by Udacity. I know it may seem expensive, compared to other alternatives, but when you consider the huge amount of video hours, the high-quality jupyter notebooks and python scripts... Read More they provide you, the unique assistance they give to their students... I don't think you can find something better on the market to improve you Data Science skills.Thinking about other courses I attended on e-learning platforms, I noticed a big difference: they were usually like ""five-minute video to become a deep learning master"" or ""one-hour lecture to become a DevOps engineer"". It is never that easy!!! Udacity makes it clear and provides you a lot of material to train you as much as you can. You will need to spend more time on Udacity than any other competitor to truly understand the quality of its service. Their projects are challenging, I can't lie, but they are so similar to ""day-by-day"" tasks you may face in your actual job! They helped me quite a lot and increased my prefessional performance, working as a Data Scientist.Last but not least, they provide also a good career service, helping you setting up your linkedin profile and giving you smart tips to develop your career in the data science world.Read Less",udacity
"I loved my experience at Udacity. The dedicated forum, the video lessons and the mentor who follow you helps a lot in learning fast and efficiently and succeeding the Nanodegree! Learning from other student and learning by teaching the other students... Read More helps a lot to strengthen the skills taught in the nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"I have attended Udacity's Android Basics Nanodegree, that is a 6-month-long course that taught me literally everything I needed to know to start developing both basic and intermediate-level Android apps. I've then took advantage of the skills I learnt... Read More in several occasions (e.g. hackathons in which I chose to develop a mobile app, and the outcome has been more than satisfactory). I have very much appreciated the project reviews that the reviewers/mentors sent me after I completed the course's projects, becasue they have always contained useful tips &amp; tricks to improve my code and my applications. The only thing that I can criticize is that it has often happened that different reviewers gave me conflicting suggestions: not a huge issue, because the matter of these suggestions was always something of minor importance (coding style, suggested third-party libraries, etc.), but still, it's been pretty confusing. Anyway, if I could go back I would definitely enroll again.Read Less",udacity
"I've finished Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Reinforcement Learning and AI for Trading nanodegrees. What I can say is that since 2018 the overall quality of the nanodegrees became much better. I really like the pace and task in homeworks. I... Read More will try to apply all knowledge to my own project which will become unicorn project)))Read Less",udacity
"I've recently graduated from a nanodegree at Udacity. Intro to Machine Learning. Cons: clearly the price compared to what you can find out there. Pros: 1) reviews on each projects are amazing. Really helpful to improve. Personnalized. 2) the weekly 30min... Read More call to a tutor has definitely its value. 3) their career service: reviews on github profile, linkedin profile, cover letter, resume and 3x 30min call with a career advisor! You have to take advantage of all services (reviews, tutor, career service) to make it worth to pay for a nanodegree. In my case, i can only recommend it!Read Less",udacity
"I have used Udacity for a couple of years now, first I took the Intro to Computer Science free course where I learnt how to program in Python and then I took the Data Analyst nanodegree.The web interface is very good, the videos are very well produced... Read More and explain every concept in a clear way. After each explanation they have quizzes to test your understanding and after each lesson there was a project that needed to be completed in order to take the next lesson. They have tools to communicate with other students from the nanodegree, so you can talk to see if someone is experiencing the same challenges as you, they have mentors who help you if you're stuck in something and when you deliver the project, the review process is very thorough and detailed. I also learned good coding practices that have helped me a lot in my current job. Thanks to the Udacity nanodegree I was able to change careers and now I'm happy in my current role! I would recommend Udacity to anyone who's interested in learning new tech thingsRead Less",udacity
"I got a chance to do the machine learning nanodegree by udacity as with lots of partial funding .The pricing seemed fine with funding, expecting nothing much from the program I joined it as any other online course but it proved to be different. The assignment... Read More were market oriented and gave me insight to the market. The reviews were excellent and felt like someone really standing for you in the other end to help you .It was a wonderful experience learning something from such a great platform.Read Less",udacity
"Pros1 - When I took my first udacity course, it was term-based, i.e you can only complete the course within a specified time period. Nowadays, udacity has adopted the subscription model, therefore, you are no longer boxed into learning within a particular... Read More time frame. You can now complete your program within 2 months if you can, or 3 months, or 6 months - the choice is yours.2 - A dedicated mentor to offer support, motivation and guidance. This was greatly beneficial to me.3 - The courses were of great quality in my opinion. Also, the requisite projects you must complete to graduate also help prepare you. 4 - Career servicesCons 1 - If you are paired with a mentor who has lots of students or a mentor not committed to the job, your learning may suffer for it. Even though you can request to change mentors, the process takes a bit of time.2 - Video sessions with your mentor are limited to once per week.3 - Not many slots available for career coaching sessions. You may have to wait a bit to book sessions.4 - Udacity courses are more expensive than other online courses available from comparably good MOOC platforms.Read Less",udacity
"I joined the program through a scholarship, and it was once of the best things I've ever done. Though it was quite hard studying at home, the program lessons and exercises were excellent and easy to understand. Also, reviews (and reviewers) were very... Read More useful to see your mistakes or possible improvements to your job.As something to improve, it's very hard to be aligned with latests technologies, but maybe renew courses every year or 2 years would be awesome.Read Less",udacity
"Pros:-1. The courses are well structured to understand even at layman's level.2. The concept of implementing real-time projects is very helpful.3. I really made use of Slack very well and the mentors were really helpful and knowledgeable.4. Adding Udacity's... Read More Nanodegree to my portfolio has really made me stand out among the crowd.Cons:-1. The courses and tech stack were a bit outdated with regard to my Full Stack Nanodegree. 2. Career assistance or job assistance could be improved.3. Instead of having github profile and linkedin has one of the projects, they can concentrate on few more technology oriented projects at a much deeper level. I wanted to learn and develop more in-depth web app using Angular and other frameworks etc.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity came into my life in 2011 when the course 'Introduction to Artificial Intelligence' first started. What a revelation that was: Cool stuff, easily accessible, available to everyone and immensely enjoyable. Since then, I have completed quite a few... Read More Udacity courses and started my CS studies at a classic university (at the age of 33). The acquired knowledge also helped me get a position at a very nice company. I am now a Reporting Specialist in Financial Controlling and do, of course, a lot of programming. It's never late to learn, folks. Do it.Read Less",udacity
"I was offered a scholarship organized by Google,Andela and Udacity to study the said programme and i can remember how the tutors used real world examples that anyone can relate to explain complex software scenarios. It really made the learning easy for... Read More me. They gave me the opportunity to submit my codes to be reviewed by a professional throughout the course period which was very helpful too. I have no doubts recommending Udacity to anyone who wants to learn programming technologies.Read Less",udacity
I have been part of two nanodegree programs. The courses and programs they have are very well made and comprehensive and are totally worth your money. They are suitable for both beginners as well as pros. The courses also include some very interesting... Read More projects that you have to submit and you receive feedback on how good you implemented the project and what you could improve. They provide an excellent support ecosystem which is as good as their courses. There are mentors to help you when you are stuck on a project. It's really a great place to learn and acquire new skills.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity provides great material for business analysts to hone their skills . Project-based learning is a very exciting method to learn new tools and techniques for data analysis. This method exposes students to potential real-world applications of these... Read More tools and techniques. Apart from amazing material, Udacity also provided great support, for both the courses and career-wise .Read Less",udacity
"It was late night, I am sitting near my computer and numbers are running on the screen. It is almost 2 am and I am still can't get my model to be trained with required accuracy. What I should try next? The deadline is tomorrow. What should I do more?... Read More I tried all possible combinations of learning rates, optimizers, loss functions, … and tens of hours of training on my fancy GPU based laptop. Still far away from the success. ""You know that you can talk to me :)"" - the message popped up on my screen. The smiling face of Udacity mentor appear next to the message. Yes, I heard about mentor assistance at the time I enrolled the Deep Learning nanodegree but why I need mentor(??) I have more than 15 years of high tech carrier and tens of successfully delivered project (!), I can figure that out by myself (!). … 3 am.. ""Hey, mentor, I can't get my model to converge, what I should do more""? … 5 am.. I got it right now, the project was submitted and approved. For me the Udacity is learning with the best support you can get.Read Less",udacity
Pros1. They adopt a very descriptive style of teaching that's quite unique. I took an Android beginner course and I was able to grasp every detail without much stress.2. Their nanodegree reviews are usually well detailed.3. Course contents are accessible... Read More after course completion.4. The website is user-friendly. Cons1. It's quite expensive. 2. Job support in some countries are limited.Read Less,udacity
You get to manage your own learning and get a different focal point. I loved the mobility of the course which means you can learn from everywhere you want. There are no strings attached to where you have to be located when studying at audacity. Which... Read More is a plus!Read Less,udacity
Before joining Udacity i was jumping from page to page trying to learn how to code and it was really difficult without a clear path to follow and project to make it becomes complicated to have motivation to keep going on the nano degree help you have... Read More a goal with it project and help me build my skills.Read Less,udacity
"I took nanodegree and my experience with Udacity was very positive. Curriculum was up to date and following trends. Instructors try to make clear everything and mentors are extremely helpful. I would like to start a new nanodegree program, but unfortunately... Read More the pricing system was changed and it is expensive now.Read Less",udacity
"The Front-End Nanodegree program at Udacity was a great experience. The classes are easy to follow, engaging, and thorough. The projects are challenging and a great way to apply what is taught in the courses. Students are given access to a Slack group... Read More where they can ask questions and get help from fellow students or mentors. This is very helpful when you need help with the projects. It's obvious that Udacity wants their students to succeed. I would highly recommend this course to anyone trying to break into front-end web development.Read Less",udacity
it was a wonderful non boring adventure because of the nano degree i got a job and the program is fantastic because of the project that you must finish to graduate and thats realy very important because coding is not jusy about listing and understanding... Read More its also about practice thanks udacityRead Less,udacity
"I joined Udacity as a novice in web development, I was curious if I was going to be able to cope, but their simplified teaching style and pattern made me grow into a Javascript expert in no time. I got to understand HTML and css which was previously difficult... Read More for me. I highly recommend Udacity because of their ever active reviewers ready to assist and guide you during the exercises which are quite tasking. Thanks Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"I completed the DRLND earlier this year and it was the best decision I could’ve taken. For a full time working professional, it was really difficult for me to prepare a curriculum for myself. Even before that, being a research engineer I was really interested... Read More in learning the principles of reinforcement learning but did not know where exactly to start. Udacity not only organizes the curriculum in a manner that makes the concepts clear, they make sure you’re actually on the right path through a really vibrant community. I admired each and every section of the course: be it the videos, literature references, relevant papers (so you’re not overwhelmed) and the best part: programming assignments. You can easily put them up on your resume and they add a huge value to your current ML/DL cohort of projects. Highly recommended!Read Less",udacity
"The curriculum said it required minimal math knowledge. Believe me, it doesn’t. I had to go take a Khan academy course on matrix and statistics, on finishing with that, a month and a half was already gone, yeah, I graduated but, it was really tough to... Read More get going.Read Less",udacity
"I took this course at the end of last year. My review is divided in two sections - Pros and Cons Pros: - There is a great focus on establishing foundation for business analytics. - A lot of people out there want to mkve into analytics but are not sure... Read More about their coding skills, this course is tailor made for such students. It starts from very beginning and when you have understood the concepts, SQL queries and other code makes sense. - There are a lot of questions in practice exercises which is good. - Assignment deadlines keep students' progress on track. - Highly qualified teachers with relevant industry experience. Cons; The only con i can think of is lack of rral worl projects. All the projects just ask the students to find relationships between the data. For instance, SQL project asks students to write any queries which include some defined conditions. It would have been better if there was a project at the end which would have included use of all the tools. Overall rating - 4.5/5 Summary - Great course for beginners!Read Less",udacity
"I was looking to increase my knowledge of digital marketing, especially SEO and Search ads. Their Digital Marketing Nanodegree was not only affordable but was a well thought out program. The instructors were real industry experts who were also great easy... Read More to understand and follow. The time allotted between assignment sections added flexibility that allowed me to balance my work load and homework. My mentor took the time to understand my goals and helped me with all the questions I had. The people that graded my assignments always provided help when I needed it to guide to the correct responses without giving me the answers. After completing this Nanodegree I was hired as a SEM manager for a leading international bank. I couldn't be more supportive of such a learning program and highly recommend it to anyone looking to increase their skill sets or even move into a new career path. Get off your chair and make a difference in your own life now with Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"The projects Udacity offers are, in general, applicable and well documented. You can easily learn by example and apply the building blocks to your own work. The theory and understanding of the underlying math in the machine learning courses I’ve taken... Read More have been lacking. I have a math background and could fill in the holes on my own. But it seemed like other people in the courses constantly struggled because they didn’t know what they were actually doing or why they were doing it. They were just copy and pasting code and tinkering with it until it worked.Read Less",udacity
"The udacity best school for learn programmer in the world and amazon best cloud hosting for business, im already hove some projects at amazon cloud , more speed and more safety and not expensive, im need to advice any student learned with udacity and... Read More amazomRead Less",udacity
"Definitely with no doubt Udacity has become a Global center for education. Huge varities of programs, activities and nanodegrees crafts skills of an individual. Moreover, this also provides employment by providing mentorship and reviewship for many people... Read More by which anyone can afford such degreesRead Less",udacity
"Udacity gave me a platform to not only make it on my own in today’s tumultuous financial world - it also gave me the knowledge and skill set to begin a path that will define the future of technology in the days to come.If you haven’t started a course... Read More yet, you’re missing out!Read Less",udacity
"After finishing this nanodegree, I learned solid foundation knowledge in deep learning. This nanodegree program taught me the skills necessary for jobs in AI and deep learning, as well as projects that can help bolster my portfolio. The AI and computer... Read More vision skills that i obtained through the program are essential to every software engineer and will provide a competitive skillset that can be applied to multiple industries.Read Less",udacity
"The course is actually very good. The manner in which they impart the knowledge is just amazing. It is a little advanced course, for students who are NOT completely new to programming. Also, the degree which they give when we pass the course is quite... Read More valuable. But there is a problem, that this course is equally expensive, and I don't think a lot of people can afford it. Anyways the tutors are great and also a part of renowned companies !To be honest, I really liked my experience with Udacity's Artificial intelligence course !!Read Less",udacity
"I did the Introduction to programming, I had the opportunity to learn HTML, css, Python, JavaScript Udacity it’s a really great school, the courses is really interactif, you can’t fall asleep because the video are really well made and give you good exemple.... Read More all the exercise are well made and they always give you reminder on what you just learn it was really exciting and help me to improve my learning of software and give me solid base in programming language! I definitely recommend this school to anyone! I’m easily distract when I’m studying but with Udacity I was focus and I had fun to learn so don’t hesitate and try a fun way to learn!Read Less",udacity
"I took the Front-End Web Development Nanodegree program and it was phenomenal! The videos were super helpful and each lesson was easy to follow with plenty of problems to keep you on track. I also enjoyed working on projects resume-worthy and getting... Read More critique from a real-life mentor. I got lucky since I was awarded a scholarship into the program, but if you can get a discount, I'd highly recommend Udacity to learn a new skill.Read Less",udacity
I did my Nanodegree in Digital Marketing and a couple of other courses from Udacity. These courses have highly benefited me in my professional career and I highly encourage passionate learners across the globe to consider learning from Udacity for acquiring... Read More their next major skill.Read Less,udacity
The pros were I could study on my own pace and had mentors who helped me. I could reach mentors any time of the day and receive their responses within a day. I learned many useful tools such as AWS and Airflow. I would definitely recommend it to my friends... Read More and colleagues.Read Less,udacity
"Insight into the latest trends and hands on experience in digital marketing opened a door for me to new opportunities which changed my life . After being a stay at home for 10 yrs , Udacity’s nanodegree program is a well structured course . Go for it... Read More !Read Less",udacity
in 2018 I got an opportunity to attend to Google challenge. after I attend I get the first stage from the Android development course. then they select only the best 1000 participate from 10000 to continue their studies and get us a full nanodegree scholarship... Read More in Android Development track. That was a very good chance I did all my best to finished the nano. I dont think there is any site better from udacity in this speciality. The courcse is teached from the real Google team. and every section have a project. After we finished each project the Udacity team do a full valuable review on it. It was the best experience I had and if I was not get this schollarship from google I will register and pay for my self to get this Nanodegree program.Read Less,udacity
"I had a little idea about how digital marketing works and opted for Digital Marketing Nanodegree by Udacity. It gave me a structured approach to the trending Digital Marketing platform. Engaging Content, Premium Tools like Moz to get hands on experience... Read More and Portfolio. At the end of the course, I have stand alone projects in subject matters like Search Engine Advertising, Facebook Advertising, Email Marketing, Search Engine Optimisation. And a complete portfolio to showcase my digital marketing skills in one go. The only con is if you are not giving it enough time and spending at least 10-15 hours a week on it, you'll end up paying more as it is a monthly subscription thing.Read Less",udacity
"I had the chance to win a full nanodegree at Udacity in Mobile Web Specialist. I started to follow the lessons when I had the time and do my excercises step by step. Any time i had some problems or difficulties I could always ask my mentor or the community... Read More that was following the same nanodegree. They were always there for me and had no problems in repeating something more times if was a bit hard to understand. Plus the rewievers of the project that I had to submit were always reviewed by really good reviewers that gave me always some good advices and little tricks to use and improve my abilities. I strongly recommend Udacity for learning something new, also because their nanodegrees are always up to date and the lessons are always interesting to follow and not boring.Read Less",udacity
"Pros: very well-developed curriculum in both MLE and DRL. I really like the videos since I am more of a visual learner. Projects are also well-developed.Con: needs more personalized career. For example, Im looking for specific MLE or DRL roles, but the... Read More career mentors are too generalized. Also, I feel like it really helps Udacity's brand if it can also matchmake companies in its network with its students.Read Less",udacity
"I Completed ""Introduction to self driving car"" course from Udacity This Course is excellent , i Learn the basics of Self driving car , and understand the concept of self driving car.Programming Assessment and technical question after each concept was... Read More really helpful which is available in this course.Projects are Very excellent and interesting. but to complete that you must have knowledge of the concept which is explain in previous videos and lecturesI am not aware about the Job Support So i can give review for that.Overall This Course was Good for me. i learnt many new things from this course and also i am going to start the next ""Self Driving Car Engineer Nano degree Course"" Thanks Udacity for providing this platformRead Less",udacity
"It was awesome experience when I took a nano degree program. I have learned a lot and implementing this knowledge at my work. I am still in contact with my colleague and old alumni and share the information, ideas also meet for coffee. The overall experience... Read More was awesome and I will definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a good course.Read Less",udacity
Excellent learning experience. The various things I learnt was extremely useful to improve my career and knowledge about the subject. Helped me get easy promotions in career due to my good understanding and implementation of various topics I studied in... Read More my Udacity nano degreeRead Less,udacity
"I found this course interesting and necessary for a basic understanding of AI. The course was structured so that the concepts evolved nicely from beginning to end. The course is full of very practical, everyday examples that help you follow the otherwise... Read More not-always-easy contents. The tasks are often challenging, but they make you learn. At the end of it you do feel that you've gained important insight and relevant knowledge, perhaps even more so than with other online course providers.I recommend this course to anyone who wants to start their journey into the understanding of AI.Read Less",udacity
"I took the Front End Web Developer Nanodegree and it was the best decision, I am currently working as a Front End Web Developer and I use the knowledge acquired in my day to day. Udacity highly recommended, I am thinking in take the React Nanodegree very... Read More soonRead Less",udacity
"There were a number of things that I really liked about the way Udacity did their Nanodegree:- being online, it gave a lot of flexibility- the materials are well-done and extensive- you must complete projects at the end of each unit, which gives hands-on... Read More experience, as well as providing you with a portfolio of your work upon graduation- the program also included a healthy amount of materials to help with your career, like help making your LinkedIn profile better, and how to improve your resume. I found these modules quite helpful in attracting more job offersOverall, I was very pleased with the program, and I give it a lot of credit in helping me make a significant career move. The only downside I'd mention is that, since it's online, you have to be your own motivator, and some people really prefer an in-person classroom setting.Read Less",udacity
Udacity happened in my life in a sudden and unexpected way. I simply started out without knowing exactly what I was doing and to this day I remain tied to it. This story began three years ago. I have taken four nanodegrees to date and I can assure you... Read More that Udacity has changed my thinking and enabled new opportunities and possibilities in my professional career. Udacity allowed me to experiment with real scenarios and to discover new and inexperienced talents. I just have to thank this amazing talent trainerRead Less,udacity
"The Android basics nanodegree was a fun way to learn the basics of programming apps in general. However the videos and assignments are wildly outdated. They use support packages that are deprecated or frameworks that simply are not the standard. With... Read More that in mind, it's not a great credential for a contemporary job. Fun support environment though.Read Less",udacity
"The day I watched the first video over Udacity, my life has changed that day. Udacity creates the best content for their students that help not in help them in understanding thing better but also that changes their lives.Now I am a Full Stack Software... Read More Engineer. And I am proud to say Udacity helped me in achieving this.Read Less",udacity
"I joined full stack developer program to enhance my skills and it was worth the time and money where I learnt from best in industry. All the course work, curriculum and exercises were carefully crafted to explain the concepts. Definitely recommend to... Read More anyone who is looking to enhance their career.Read Less",udacity
Spent $3000 on the data analyst program. The material is at least 5 years old.Some chapters are hard to follow. And you could got stuck and there isn’t much support you can get through the program. I don’t recommend this program if you have a full time... Read More job.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity's Business Analyst Nanodegree is one of the most comprehensive programs I have ever attended online. It teaches you to use Alteryx and Tableau. The six month Alteryx licence is given free. The assignments are inspired from real world scenarios.... Read More The concepts you learn also form the base for data analytics. The most amazing features of the Nanodegree are personal feedback, one-on-one counselling, and resume review and job support. Udacity makes sure that you learn well and get a job.Read Less",udacity
I was already developing android applications before I started using Udacity but I didn't understand a lot of things like reasons behind what I'm doing. I joined Udacity via Andela's program and I can say it's the best online platform I've ever used.... Read More They started out from the basics of android development to advance level. I understood every part of it. And one of the things I like most about Udacity is the feedback you get from reviewers that check out your code after every section you complete. I've also taken some other courses on Udacity and I can say they have done a wonderful job .Read Less,udacity
"Key features that I liked-* Amazing course content and Projects selections- Teaches you build real world project with modern technology.* Talented instructors- Most of them are even working professionals in big companies like Google.* Helpful 1-on-1 mentor... Read More to guide me everytime- Always motivating and supportive.* Super helpful career service.Result: I was able to get my first internship in the 2nd year of my college and now I am working in a Startup (remote role) while still being a college student. I also got a chance to apply for Udacity mentorship position and guess what, I was able to qualify and become a Mentor myself which I'm proud of as i'm able to help everyone the way everyone helped me shape my career.My amazing experience with Udacity in detail-From the beginning, looking at the amazing applications on the web, I always wanted to create such an application on my own. In 2018 I got an opportunity to learn web development from this Front End Web Developer Nanodegree Udacity as a part of the Google India reskilling program. I got the full scholarship and got enrolled in this nanodegree. From that day the trajectory of my life has changed. I learned web development from the best instructors who are already working in big companies like Google. I also got my personal 1-on-1 mentor who helped me along my learning journey and made my experience great. I could take help anytime I wanted and ask any questions from him whenever I got stuck. Created amazing project which got reviewed by talented reviewers who used to give me valuable feedback on my code. Udacity also has its career service where they actually reviewed my Resume, LinkedIn and Github profile and helped me showcase my skills better. I interacted with a lot of students on slack and learned how to grow together. I created amazing projects and also worked on some open-source projects which helped me learn how to work on a project collaboratively. My learning experience was so amazing that I was able to get an internship in the 2nd year of my college and now I am working in a Startup (remote role) building an amazing application while still studying in college. In fact, I'm also a mento at Udacity which I already told you above. Hope I'll grow more with Udacity. I'm thankful to Udacity that it gave me such a nice foundation and helped me shape my career.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is the best place for all skill levels to learn new tech stuff. It gave me a lot of opportunities to explore. At first I had a little programming knowledge, But eventually, the word 'little' has vanished from my life; now I can confidently code... Read More and debug errors. And the thing I want to add; the nanodegree's cost is high, this should be removed as education is non-profitable. We cannot make business on education, it must be free to everyone around the world. Everything is best about Udacity; the content, lectures, quizzes and projects But it can only reach people who pay for nanodegree; what about others who have a passion to learn but cannot afford it.Read Less",udacity
I attended the self driving car nano-degree program of Udacity and i was able to learn so much things that i could not imagine before joining the program. The program was well organized having an overview to deep dive into the subject. I would highly... Read More recommend Udacity’s nano-degree programs to anyone.Read Less,udacity
"I completed the Front End Web Developer Nanodegree through a Grow With Google scholarship. If I had paid for it I would be furious. The courses were out of date. Not all of the resources matched with the lessons. It was really, really disappointing. It... Read More did very little for me. I feel like I could have gotten way more out of doing Udemy courses given the amount of time I put in. I pretty much only got one portfolio worthy project out of it. I would never recommend anyone pay for any of their courses. They’d have to make some major improvements for me to ever consider giving them any money.Read Less",udacity
"Pros is that I learned many different skills that helped job searching and attract companies. They liked the idea of me taking the initiative for outside learning which this program provided. The cons are that some lessons were difficult without supervision,... Read More particularly the python portion.Read Less",udacity
"The pros: The programs are very well made. I found the information very useful and there were always resources available for me to deepen my knowledge. The projects are very fun to do, and all of them have something catchy, so I was never bored when doing... Read More them. Information is, I think, correctly laid, so I never felt like I was learning too little or it was extremely hard. You do need to work and study to get through, but it's nothing unrealistically hard. I've browsed and searched many videos and courses on these topics and without a doubt, Udacity's videos and help have been some of the clearest explanations I've found so far. By finishing some of these courses, you will be ready to take on some very good entry level jobs for sure (I did).The cons: If you work a full time job (like I did) deadlines can sometimes be tight, so be prepared to pull some all-nighters. The one big drawback: They recently changed to a mentoring system, which I find very frustrating compared to the older system (where you would just ask a question and someone on the Udacity team would randomly answer it). The mentors can take a very long time to answer, sometimes slowing your pace down quite a lot (there's the student hub tho (forums), in which people are very nice and helpful). Other thing I'd recommend is to never enroll on a brand new Nanodegree. The programs change a lot at first, and things become a little messy. Some of the original premises of the course can be changed, causing discomfort in many students. I understand this is a natural thing to happen when Udacity opens a new course, but if you can wait some iterations until the course program is more solid, it'll probably help the experience a lot! Other than that, I can't think of any real drawbacks on taking a Nanodegree. I'd totally recommend it and say: go for it!Read Less",udacity
"One of the best Self Driving Intro course available in market.Pros:1. Covers the basic concepts of autonomous driving.2. Has a lot of study material with guidance of subject matter experts and industry experts.3. Helpful in building computer programming... Read More skills as well.4. Gives real industry level experience while working on different projects all along the course journey. Cons:1. The course data is not well organised for a beginner in this domain.2. Conceptually, beginners may face some complex issues with understanding of Bayes rules or probabilistic approach.3. A lot of data to cover within stipulated time is really something harder than we think.Read Less",udacity
"Being a Udacity student was an incredible experience. I learned so much through the two Nano degree programs I graduated from and a whole new network of connections I continue to learn from. Through Udacity, I was able to create a portfolio of work to... Read More present to potential clients and employers.Read Less",udacity
"I really learned a lot in my time at Udacity. I feel like the instruction was good and the path of the program made sense, even for someone like me that had no previous experience in my subject or in any tech field at all really. I do wish there was more... Read More help readily available, but what they did have was still very good.Read Less",udacity
Udacity delivers high quality content in an organized and coherent fashion.It has courses(free and paid) for almost all different types of topics.Certain courses are a little bit expensive but they are definitely worth every dollar.I have used a lot of... Read More computer science based courses and I have enjoyed them. Combination of theory with actual coding is the perfect combination.They also provide career growth tools which is just an added bonus.Read Less,udacity
"with continuous and professional mentoring, I've successfully finished all the nanodegree projects and applied all I've learnt during that great journey starting from the challenge until being selected and finishing the nanodegree program. also got selected... Read More for Deep learning scholarship that enriched my knowledge towards that great field.Read Less",udacity
"HEADS UP!! THIS REVIEW MIGHT APPEAR AS A FRONT END COURSE REVIEW BECAUSE THE DROP BOX DOWN HERE DOES NOT GIVE ME THE CHOICE OF SELECTING MY ACTUAL COURSE WHICH IS DIGITAL MARKETING. WHICH IN THE END MUGHT HAVE COST ME MY CHANCE TO WIN THAT JUICY $500... Read More GIFT CARD. BUT STILL UDACITY'S CONTENT AND METHODOLOGY IS PROVEN SO GET IN AND STUDY ANY OF THEIR SUPER COURSES. IT IS WELL INVESTED MONEY.I had been looking for a digital marketing course for a while but many focused more on social, SEO, very few on content and how to market content. but only Udacity gave me a powerfull strategic scope in which to frame a whole marketing strategy suited for what is really happening today.From the very beginning we used a framework to identify customer segments and how to reach them wherever they might be in their purchasing process, align marketing objectives with planning campaigns through various channels and media, set budgets to reach ROI and bet of all, we ran real life campaigns and you actually could see the results day by day.The fact that someone is with you every step of the way is super valuable. Mentors are really experienced and is fun to work with them. At the end you get to craft a full digital marketing campaign, you lear how to read data and analytics and best of ist that you get to build a portfolio to show off your good work.Read Less",udacity
"This was the best practical education experience I have had so far! I've been in a different school for Computer Science for the past several years when I had the opportunity to pursue a Nanodegree in Android Programming through Udacity. The difference... Read More is amazing! Instead of spending countless classes studying theory, with Udacity you are right in there building something useful from the very first project. When I was done, I knew enough to get an app into the Play Store. It was a Flash Card app that my daughter was able to use to bring her grade up from a C to an A over the course of 9 weeks. It's been one of my proudest accomplishments and it was all thanks to Udacity.Read Less",udacity
"I did study the senior web developer program with Udacity in 2016. It was an awesome experience. Before then, I have been roaming around the internet from one tutorial to another just trying to make sense of what knowledge I have when it comes to web... Read More development.Before Udacity I lack the confident to say to myself that I am good at web development. I found the field challenging no matter the dozens of tutorials from other websites I took. Udacity raised my morale. After The course at Udacity, I finally really understood what’s needed and how to go about it.I will say Udacity has the right tools not only to teach what you need to learn but also to how to learn it and why to learn it. And you will always find something interesting at Udacity to learn.Read Less",udacity
"The pro and con is that udacity dig deep in the subject, which is great for someone that is willing to be a machine Learning engineer, for example, but it could be not the ideal experience for someone that just wants to solve business problems with machine... Read More learning algorithms, and it's not that much concerned on how the algorithm works ""behind the scenes""Read Less",udacity
"Since I finished my mobile web specialist nanodegree at Udacity, with the help of the job support on the platform I have been more visible than ever in the world and have received many offers, the learning content is valuable and relatable to what you'll... Read More be doing in you day to day job.Read Less",udacity
"When it comes to online learning, considering the price tag of $400 a month subscription, Udacity does *only slighly* better job than other MOOCs. I completed the Machine Learning nanodegree in 1 month. While I learned something new and enjoyed the projects,... Read More Udacity fell short in meeting my expectations.First, Poor 1-on-1 technical mentor service. On Udacity: ""6+ hrs of mentor support per month"", ""1-on-1 mentor chats anytime"". Over the nanodegree, I asked less than 1 question a day on average, but I would have to wait at least 24 hours, and very often over 3 days before I get answers. One time, I waited beyond 1 week to get an answer for ONE of the questions, and those questions were backlogged for over a week. I asked around 25 questions in total, and only 19 were answered before I graduated, and the access was removed even BEFORE the end of the paid access period (I will elaborate more on this next). That's 14-19 minutes spent per question (if student was allocated 6 hours a month). There's no way my questions took that long to answer. While responses from my mentor were of high quality, Udacity assigned WAY TOO MANY students to one mentor to handle. It slows down the learning process, becomes a bottle neck, and you may end up spending more time and money unnecessarily. Based on the support I get, I feel I was overly charged for ridiculously high price ($400 a month for subscription or $1077 for 3 months 'package') for poor quality of the little support I get. So, you're likely to pay for the service you don't get, despite their claim that we get this mentor support. Second, Subscription. It appears to me that the system is so clumsy that it creates pitfall for you. Upon getting approved on my final project, I was prompted to graduate. I checked Udacity FAQ and it was my understanding that I would still retain access to my mentor and other access until the end of my paid access period. After the paid period end, I would have limited access (such as non-updated content, no more mentor support, etc). However, once I completed my graduation process, the entire access to mentor was stripped away despite the fact that I was still WITHIN the paid access period. What they should have done is keep the access to all other services including chat with my mentor active until the paid period ends and disable the access and chat at the end of the paid period (but not remove the entire chat). Now, I no longer have access to chat and can't get the answers that were backlogged for over a week, that I mentioned above. I think Udacity really took advantage of students in this regards. Be aware of this pitfall from their poor design of the subscription and platform.Third, Learning Platform. Udacity learning platform is probably one of the most clumsy, clunky, unfriendly ever. I'm basing this on other platforms I have used before. Video contents are uploaded on Youtube, which is fine. But you can't search for content within the platform. Barely text recap at the end of the section, no summary at the end of the lesson. I find text recap and summary a must when it comes to online learning. They instead allow you to download the video lectures and subtitles. Since their videos are typically below 2 minutes in length, it's not easy to browse through subtitle files to review. You have to click through all their lessons, check their videos till you find what you want. Navigator tab is buggy (for example, you shrink the lesson that you learned, but it un-shrinks when you come back). If you have multiple courses enrolled, you can't sort, arrange, group or anything. The lesson is marked as ""completed"" once you click on it. That's just the gist of it.Forth, Content and Projects. I find the content falls between University-technical and practical. This is the good part of the program. The lectures cover enough content for you to understand what it does and how it does at the surface level, but not enough detail for you to really dive into technicality of it. Then, you'll work on the project, which I find quite helpful, fun, and compliment the learning. However, projects are barely updated, which bother me. For that, I'm not sure if it provide the job-ready projects or up-to-date knowledge. They provide access to GPU workspace, which is very thoughtful. Similar to other comments, the code review is very superficial. If it runs, it passes. So, you shouldn't submit the project for review in the first place if it doesn't run. Comments/Reviews aren't helpful. For example, in coding, there are many ways you can do to get it done, but the quality and approach matter too. I asked for comments on it, and I get robotic response ""Great job at ...."" but no comment on what I asked.To sum up, I did learn from the nanodegree, the content covers technical background enough for you to work on the projects, but considering the $400 I spent, it's hard to justify that it's worth it. Mentor support is very slow. Platform is clunky. I'm most disappointed with the mentor support. Considering having support to help students learn is Udacity selling point (and that's why they charge $400 a month), it fails to meet my expectation. My recommendation is to not rely on mentor that they would be of full help or that help would come in a timely manner. You are on your own, which I was mostly throughout the program. Considering the support, platform, content of this nanodegree, I think $200 is a reasonable price, nowhere near $400 worth, and I would rather pay $100-150 per course just to get access to technical content and projects.Read Less",udacity
"Some good news first: The site seems to work quite nicely, but trying to find the referenced prerequisite course by search function, it was an battle. The mentor (at least on my case) was very active (automation?) to ask if I am proceeding with my nanodegree... Read More just fine (I did not actually talk with him).And the bad news;The content was very basics and suddenly to the deep end. It was strictly few chosen technologies without no alternative solutions or how to actually put all the pieces together on enterprise level. Just pieces of information. Assignments were tedious work and figure it out your self kind (some community support exists). Plus are coders really this inefficient in real life, everything needs to be pretty and perfect? At least on ops we have to be fast, if it works don't fix it.The whole thing started to sound like they are playing time and getting a maximum amount of money from naive people (like me). Luckily (or unluckily for me) I decided to spend my summer vacation with this and trying to get everything fast and cheap in one month, well I did not finish all the assignments, some of my own choice. 14 days cancellation policy and their recommended time per day seemed like you are not getting full picture of this ""degree"" at that time.Simply get a book from a library and then you know specific things on what to focus on some cheaper sites. Udacity is not worth it.Read Less",udacity
"There is no interest in the student and the student portal is the last straw because there is no support from the so-called mentors or 'staff'-members (whatever that means). Coursera is so much better because you pay far less and you know upfront that... Read More you don't have a mentor. Udacity promise a mentor eventhough i have not spoken to anyone in the last 2 months! They say that they are 'working hard' to assign a mentor , but probably they are very bad in their performance since 2 months have already passed and i have send them a weekly reminder to assign a mentor. Just bad experience and waist of big money. I could have followed more than one class at Coursera and have the same resultRead Less",udacity
I was not able to finish the Front End Nanodegree Program due to some unexpected circumstances and they simply denied my access to the course content. I cannot access any project and let alone asking for feedback. Once they get the money they don't care.... Read More The project review are is very superficial. Basically if it runs you will pass.It is a waste compared to my College Experience.Read Less,udacity
"I got stuck on a project and needed help. I reached and and they just said to check the student message board. Bad response, but I did and that didn't help with my problem. I tried reaching out to them multiple time to get the help that they advertised... Read More and am met with either silence or that they would be for wind my email to the appropriate team, then silence. If you're ok getting no help with a problem and having no steps to follow then this might be for you. Save your money and use something else that will actully teach you something.Read Less",udacity
"I should have listened to the reviews here about Udacity. I' m currently enrolled in one of the class and currently stuck in the project. No one to reach, no one answers my question in the Knowledge, support, and Student Hub Section. The bad thing is... Read More my employer paid for my tuition and my job is at risk if I don't pass this one. Bad decision in my life ! Never again Udacity !!!Read Less",udacity
"I should have listened to the reviews here about Udacity. I' m currently enrolled in one of the class and currently stuck in the project.No one to reach, no one answers my question in the Knowledge, support, and Student Hub Section. The bad thing is my... Read More employer paid formy tuition and my job is at risk if I don't pass this one. Bad decision in my life ! Never again Udacity !!!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity ""Nanodegree programs"" are absolutely terrible. You do not get a mentor and the videos are in terrible quality. I would highly not recommend this product to anyone. There is tons of other content out there that can help you on whatever continue... Read More learning you are working on with programming. Try Udemy classes, they are cheap and have excellent customer service.Read Less",udacity
"I cancelled one day after I subscribed. Instead of processing my cancellation immediately they requested I answer their email to confirm I actually wanted to cancel. When I did that I got an email from ""support"" saying they're too busy at the moment and... Read More they will reply as soon as they can. A few days later I received another email saying that they need feedback on the reason I am cancelling BEFORE they can proceed with the cancellation, clearly not in line with their terms of service. Now, 6 days later, I haven't heard from them, cancellation for a course that charges by the month is still pending and obviously still waiting for the refund.Read Less",udacity
"The quality of some courses are good and the final projects are really useful. At the end after graduation, they claim Udacity has a great career support and based on their advertisement it is part of the Nanodegree. I need a simple document that shows... Read More I was enrolled in the Nanodegree and how long it takes to graduate. Unfortunately the career support team is not responsible at all. The lag time for replying emails are very long and at the end they said we don't provide any document. They reply my several emails like chatbots. At the end I'm not sure in their carer support they have any human being or all tasks handle by AI; I tried several times and get very cold and not humane respond for all requests.Read Less",udacity
"I enrolled into one of the courses and paid the required fee. There was no mentor assigned till 6th day of my enrollment.I cancelled the subscription immediately on the 6th day. Refund processing is very bad, instead of issuing the refund their representative... Read More keep on sending you the email asking why you want to cancel.Very pathetic and scam education provider service. Don't ever get caught into their scam.Read Less",udacity
"I really liked the program before I ran into my first problem... I thought I will contact the mentor and I will get some help and will quickly move on, I was so wrong! After 2 days I g=have figured out my problem and still no respond from the mentors.... Read More Now I ran into another problem since the things are getting more complicated and I started hating what Udacity does. Since we pay for only lectures and project I think programs are way too expensive, on of reasons why I chose this program is because of promised mentorship.Read Less",udacity
I'm enrolled in the Data Structures and Algorithms Nano degree. Would not recommend this or any other Nanodegree from Udacity. The whole platform is sink or swim. The videos are no better than what can be found on youtube. Random projects are thrown out... Read More without any real guidance. The mentors no are of little help and the code reviewers raise more questions than they answer. Anyway I'll stick to coursera and edx etc. from now on...caveat emptor!Read Less,udacity
"The material wasn't laid out well. The YouTube videos that ""explained the lessons further"" didn't explain the lessons further, were disorganized and talked about things not even in the lesson. My mentor was absent. I did a project and submitted it for... Read More review. The program worked but the reviewer rejected it without any suggestions. I reached out to my mentor. No response. They sent me a survey about my mentor. I told them he wasn't answering me. They gave me a new mentor who was more helpful-ish. Gave me some ideas to try to figure things out on my own but I still wasn't getting it. My mentor then told me to go to Codeademy and take some of their free classes because they were laid out a little better. Really? I paid hundreds for your class and you're sending me to a new site? They wouldn't extend my class time even though I didn't have a mentor for a good share of the time. My time expired without learning a whole lot. Really. Don't waste your money.Read Less",udacity
"I have enrolled in Udacity Deep Learning Nanodegree a year ago. I have paid full price beforehand.After comleting about 70% of the course I was unable to continue due to work commitments. Now I decided to continue, but Udacity does not allow me not only... Read More to continue the program but also access to the materials. When I signed up it clearly stated that I shall have access to the materials indefinitely. I contacted support three times without any answer.Read Less",udacity
"I started learning Front-End Web Development at Udacity in November 2017, as part of the #GrowWithGooogle scholarship. The pros: it is a project oriented course. All that you learn there will serve you in one way or another. You can apply your knowledge... Read More directly to your projects. Almost all the learning content is brand new and there are mentors willing to help. Not to mention that the learning community is really big. The team tries hard to improve the learning experience of the Udacious.The contras: Because the team tries to improve the learning quality, they are always doing some adjustments, and things might disapear and reappear later (nothing really big, though). In the beginning it was messy with the forum and the Slack channels. (This problem is not there anymore). All in one, it was a great experience. I am already planning to take on another Nanodegree.Read Less",udacity
"I took several courses from different MOOC sites and always left the course with an unsatisfactory feeling because some were not deep enough or they were just hours of video coupled with infantile exercises. Then I landed on udacity.com website and looked... Read More at how their courses are structured and took the 'Data Analyst' nanodegree program. I then felt really learning something new, deep and important to my carrier. Especially when it comes to projects, I found Udacity unbeatable. Efforts put in completion of a project coupled with reviewer comments are just priceless. Thanks Udacity!Read Less",udacity
"I took this course at Udacity by a Scholarship from Google for Android Basics Nanodegree, i had no programming knowledge proir to this course .The course start easy and self paced and you never feel alone or rushed to anything, you have many means of... Read More help:- Forums - Slack- Mentorand many more like pairing you with other student to help you with your studies or making study jam every weekend on slack with a student leader, also you are encouraged to ask and discuss in order to memorize by using what you learned.The main thing i loved about udacity is you learn by doing not only reading or watching videos you make many projects that you own and can showoff after graduation. You learn how to be efficient in workplace during the course and you are introduced to the programming community and have a lot of tips you can use in your future programming career.Udacity offer career coaching, resume reviews, and many useful webinars with career experts in major companies.Also you learn programming with the best practices, and how to seek the right information you need while updating your knowledge or debugging a program.Studying in Udacity is a real journey that made me learn about learning itself and opened my mind and unlocked my potentials of pursuing knowledge in a way i couldn't think i could have again since i passed my 30 milestone of age.i am proud i graduated form that Nanodegree (out of 20 000 applicants) and i recommend Udacity to any one who want to make a career in programming.Read Less",udacity
The Big Data foundations Nano degree offered by Udacity is one of the best Introductory courses on Big Data one can found.The explantations are simple and cover all important topics.The course is very interactive as it provides us projects to do which... Read More are reviewed by the mentor assigned to us.Also we can communicate with our mentor using slack.Read Less,udacity
"I'm currently enrolled in full stack nanodegree at udacity, as a beginner I chose udacity as they promsied that I will have the support I need from the mentors whenever I need, but actually the mentors don't respond to our questions and I have to send... Read More dozens of mails to the support team to get my query answered, and most of the time the reply I get doesn't help me at all.The content is very short and is not enough to learn the needed part as well, I had to purchase a lot of courses from udemy to be able to understand the lessons.The only good thing is the projects that i'm required to build, apart from that I don't recommend it at all.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is probably the worst place I have ever spent(lost) my money on ($900). To be honest I have been struggling for weeks now just to get them to help me with a course I enrolled in that was so bugged that there was no way for me to continue at all.... Read More I am still waiting, I even ended up sending messages on their FaceBook page, and their supposed Mentor system is just as bad because they are selling a false perception of individualized help from mentors, but they never reply and when I politely tell them my situation, they go offline. I have sent so many requests and reported the bug in the only possible way and still to this day have had no response. I have asked for a Refund, and this will probably also not happen.Udacity is a scam. (Will keep this post update if I get my refund).Read Less",udacity
"It seems like Udacity is a marketing company, not an educational company. It looks like they spend a lot of money on brand and slick videos, but the curriculum is very basic and less than I’d expect to get out of a day or watching YouTube videos. They... Read More are big because they used to be mission focused with mentors assigned to students, but from what I understand they sold the company and now it’s just the brand. Very mediocre class, I’d question the credentials of any one coming out of the program, and after my first hand experience I can say I wouldn’t take any one seriously who only put the online company down on their resume. I know how hard some bootcamps are and it’s a shame this one is offered as a legitimate alternative to real education.Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is a perfect place to start the transition into a Tech Job! Not only did I successfully transition into a role as a Data Analyst immediately after graduating the program, but the hands on projects directly prepared me for my new career. Even years... Read More later I am still using the skills and lessons I learned in this program in my job!Read Less",udacity
"There are some good things I can say about this course. First, the quality of the material delivered was rather good. The instructors really took the time and effort to deliver it in a straightforward and fun way. HOWEVER, there are tons of tutorials... Read More and videos you can find for free where you could learn even more. So if you are constant and disciplined you should basically learn everything that was taught in this course by just finding the right sources.Now to the negative side: The course grading was not transparent. I am aware that there were people with absolutely NO CLUE about what they were doing copy code from others and be awarded scholarships for the second phase!!!! Scoring students high based on how much noise they make on Slack by posting even stupid things is NOT an objective way to offer any benefits to anyone and it only downgrades the prestige of this platform. I didn't receive a grade for this course. I WAS NOT EVEN TOLD WHAT MY FINAL MODEL'S ACCURACY WAS!!!!Udacity, you seriously need to change the way you deliver your courses. If these are so expensive, then please ENGAGE the instructors in the slack channels or forums and don't just let students get by on their own!!! Also, I don't think Slack is the best tool for delivering this kind of material.Read Less",udacity
Pros:Used to have a mentor assigned to each student.You used to be able to ask questions on a forum and the questions would be answered rather quickly.You used to be able to have Live Help which meant Mentors would help you on demand.You used to be able... Read More to set up one on one appointments with a mentor.Cons:None of what I mentioned above applies to Udacity anymore it has all been replaced by a system where students help each other. Kind of like a Coursera course which costs significantly less.They backed off on their lifetime access to the material.You only get access to support for one year after graduating. Before it used to be lifetime.One Nanodegree I finished with this company is no loner available(VR Developer)Looking at their company it seems they are ready to give up soon so don't expect their Nanodegrees to be worth much if anything in a year or two. It's a shame I can recount countless good memories I had with them with my first two years with them. Unfortunately late 2017 and 2018 have ruined this company.Read Less,udacity
"Udacity has a good set-up with a solid framework and idea, however half of the subject material is non-lectured. Just pages of text that you could get from just picking up a coding book and completing the exercises. The only benefit I have seen so far... Read More is that you have a structured framework of projects that you can build throughout your experience. If I was not a CS student already, I would find it rather useless however.Read Less",udacity
"I took part in Data Science Nanodegree. Intransparent regulations made the biggest part of the community very upset. Mamy felt cheated, raped and even discriminated. The content was like a kindergarden getting explained how to calculate an average for... Read More example. Links to external content where just linking to wikipedia or not working at all. The fact that the support just offered a discount on more courses shows that udacity just cares about money and not the people. Spending time was senseless and will not get me a job anywhere.Read Less",udacity
"Do not pay $600 for this. Their support does not contain technical help, even the mentors sometimes might answer your questions. it would probably take 2-3 days. Do not pay $600 for their courses. $5-10 courses in udemy have much better content and even... Read More support.Read Less",udacity
"The classes use extremely old tech and it's way overpriced. I actually got an Android Engineer job on my own by just practicing things, so I didn't even need the class. On top of that, I wrote into support one time, and they told me I owed them money... Read More due to a 'glitch' and canceled my enrollment, saying it would be another $400 to finish the final project (I am building it on my own for free). Don't do this, save your money and timeRead Less",udacity
"I got a scholarship for this, so I didn't pay. If you do not get a scholarship, do not take the course. I am not sure what value this course brings to anyone. Many of the topics here are advanced JavaScript topics, but you already have to be a JavaScript... Read More developer to understand them. In that case, the course doesn't bring value because you already understood the topics. Many of the people I took the course with already have several years of experience with JavaScript. The course description says 1-2 years, but many people in my course had more than 5 years of JavaScript experience or even degrees in CS. The mentorship aspect of the course is not the way they make it out to be. It's totally inadequate, difficult to use, and most of the people who are supposed to help are purposely obtuse in providing help. I felt that the instruction was, on the whole, inadequate in supplying the knowledge needed to complete the final projects. One of the final sections literally had no information for students to use to help them solve the final project. My impression of the instructors was that they made these courses for people like them, not for students who are learning difficult concepts. The people who were running the course were overly positive and tried to keep people finishing, but they seemed like they are not aware of the difficulty students face when trying to get through the work. Their positivity did not match reality and it was extremely frustrating, and even hurtful, to witness their extremely positive attitudes while, as a student, you're still struggling.If I was paying for this, I would feel very misled by the description of the program and what I got out of it. I do not recommend this course, or any Udacity course.Read Less",udacity
Waste of money and time. Better buy videos from Udemy if you want to learn something worth your money and time. They promise you money back guarantee if you do not get your job with a program called nanodegree plus and later refuse it by making absurd... Read More demands that you do this and that. I don't have more time to waste. Plus even the program is not that helpful. Don't get fooled by their advertisements. Their support is awful. I thought I would get in contact with many companies through udacity degree but no one knows what udacity is. In fact all the interviews I went for no one recognizes them. Useless degree. They say money back guarantee so I thought they will guide me through but almost no support. They tell you to talk with more people and those people I have to find on my own. You have to do all the work yourself and pay them for nothing. Don't waste your time and money for this useless nanodegree. You can get the same knowledge for free in youtube and for very little in Udemy.Read Less,udacity
"The program takes you from the very basic to some challenging programming concepts and paradigms. The projects really get you to think and apply what you've learned. It stretches mentally in many ways. It also enforces good coding practices and you learn... Read More about different technologies, languages and frameworks. At the very end you get to choose a specialization in one of the other Nanodegrees, forcing you to complete the first project of chosen Nanodegree. The mentor review and support was also spot on, and you get a lot out of the project/code reviews. This is one of those things in life that you really get what you put into it. Sure, you can cruise by meeting minimum project specs and not dig deep, but that's your responsibility at the end of the day. If you're thinking about enrolling, I'd strongly recommend it. It'll give you a good start and confidence you need to continue on this challenging path!Read Less",udacity
"These are my honest review.I enrolled in Deep Learning Nanodegree, Machine Learning Nanodegree, and Data Analyst Nanodegree. I was disappointed at all of them. The course seems to be disorganized. The instructors add many unnecessary information, which... Read More made the explanation less clear. When I had puzzles in the projects, it's hard to find someone to help me out. The mentors are previous Nanodegree students and not good enough to help you solve your puzzles. No 1-to-1 appointment, no useful support, disorganized lecturers, overpriced tuition. I would never return to Udacity again!Read Less",udacity
"Udacity is a leading platform for education, mostly specialized in computer programming, web and mobile development, data science, machine learning, AI, Robotics, Self Driving car and more. I've taken online courses with Coursera, edX and others, but... Read More Udacity is very well organized and more practical to learn.Read Less",udacity
"This course is great for people who have only a rudimentary, fundamental or no knowledge of coding - it leads you in nicely and is great for self-paced learners!I had to take a lot of breaks in mine due to illness and other work commitments and they were... Read More very accomadating!Read Less",udacity
"Pros:Great and fun tutorial videos with quizzes. It will be difficult not to understand the course.Excellent Staff support.Though the mentorship placement could be a miss or hit, and you can always request for a new one if you don't like your mentor,... Read More it's helpful.Build awesome projects to cement and showcase your skills.Excellent and thorough project reviewers.Cons:Nanodegree can be pricy.Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity's IPND is amazing. The way the videos teach you programming is amazingly cogent, clear, and crisp. I like the fact that the videos give you short burst of information, which you can learn and then remember.",udacity
"Udacity was like a breath of fresh air for me. I know a little html, css and python and I have been doin the intro to programming nano-degree since feb 2018 with no programming experience. MY MENTOR IS AWESOME THOUGH. ITS BEEN GREAT STUDYING WITH UDACITY.... Read MoreRead Less",udacity
"I have used Udacity multiple times, as well as DataCamp, Pluralsight, and SoloLearn. Udacity's instructions are the least clear of all. I have to take the courses for the 2nd degree I'm getting, but everything is so poorly worded and explained that it's... Read More absurd. I'm paying other sites to teach me stuff I'm supposed to be learning because they can't make anything well thought out or explained. It's the most frustrating thing I've ever experienced in education.Read Less",udacity
"I had interest in the android development and heard alot about udacity thats why i took itThe Developer Nanodegree 1 had two courses and 3 projeCTS in itThe First course was very well structured but the second was at high level and was missing linksThe... Read More great thing about Udacity is projects the project 3 i submitted for 5 times and then it was accepted , it was frustrating but was equally rewardingI would definitely recommend Udacity for androidRead Less",udacity
"PROS FIRST: Really intuitive learning platform Awesome teachers who really care about the subject Discussion Forums Mentors ( 24 hour turnaround most of the time) Awesome idea to made education affordable for the masses.My mentor was awesome. Really helpful.... Read More Really sincere. People in tech are generally really cool!Really cool Projects which make you go ""wow...I can do that??""CONS 2nd: Support is dismal. This is not anyone's fault at Udacity, but it's the massive online platform where everyone's busy or helping someone else. You have to wait a day or two to get an answer, so think wisely before asking your questions. Pray that you don't get stuck in a project because you will not get the help you expect from a traditional classroom. Discussion forums may or may not respond to your questions. The projects are challenging, so you need a really good grasp of Javascript before starting. You pretty much have to come up with solutions on your own without much handholding. Projects can be returned multiple times causing you to lose time at $200/month because they're being reviewed by many people.Recap: It's a great resource if you understand JS beforehand and are ready to jump into the challenging projects. You're basically paying for the project reviews and no much else. I personally think paying to attend a classroom setting is worth more because you will get immediate help when you need it, you will get to discuss problems with your classmates, and lastly, you always have a teacher to ask for help if all else fails. This kind of ""structure"" isn't a thing for everyone and some people learn better online.Do not go into this without learning JS first! Know JS inside out and then start the projects. The delays can be costly because it's $200/month. Also, if you need a lot of hand holding and support, Udacity is not for you. Please consider an actual class with students and a teacher.Read Less",udacity
"The Udacity system is riddled with issues and bugs, for one they are unwilling to acknowledge this fact. Issues that they do acknowledge, they lie about having fixed it. Another big lie they sell you is that the mentors will help you throughout the course,... Read More the fact is mentors don't do anything besides to tell you to go re-read the material, something you don't even need mentors for. On top of that, the material is of really poor quality. It is not organized but rather they jump from one topic to another without any sound logic. Overall, the quality of the service and support is the worst I have seen in this industry. A couple of Udemy courses can be purchased for a few dozen dollars which is far cheaper than the several hundred you have to pay for Udacity courses only to find the quality far worse than any other online education out there.Read Less",udacity
"My problem with Udacity Digital Marketing Nanodegree started when I received an e-mail with an announcement that something has changed regarding their promise that if I finish a yearly course within 6 months, I'd get a certain refund. Last week I had... Read More received another mail in which Udacity had changed the course's duration to 6 months, and then yet again to 5 months. I asked them how can they do that in the middle of someone's course? They don't seem to care about the time we invest in these projects, rather it seems that their only priority is money. This isn't fair and I'm disappointed. For one of my last projects I didn't receive Udacity's invitation from Facebook and that was something necessary to finish my project.I had sent messages to admins on FB and DMND and have not received any reply until the day before the deadline expired. I had finally received the mail on November 6th at 10 pm, and the deadline was November 7th at midnight, so I had 2 hours for"" the Facebook advertising project"".That doesn't make any sense to me. I had asked for support but they kept ignoring me. I am sad, angry disappointed and devastated. I do not have the money for another course and I'm not what I should do. Please people be aware that they are scamers.Read Less",udacity
They are thieves. DO NOT pay them. I made a mistake and enrolled in Machine learning Nanodegree. They keep delaying feedback so I can't graduate. You can't reach them on the phone either. I am going there in person to talk to them.,udacity
"Pros: (1) self-paced, (2) context-based, (3) context-driven, (4) presence of immediate feedback and correction. For example, one can complete one section for a week to build a strong foundation of skills set. Further, work sets are based on real-world... Read More problems, such as building a search engine and a web crawler. Finally, video feedback for solutions always provide corrections at the end of problem sets.Cons: (1) limited opportunities for discussion (as with most MOOC platforms), for example, it is possible to consult mentor and peers in a classroom or workshop and discourse, but in MOOC even forums have delayed feedback.Read Less",udacity
There's a lot of positives about the Udacity front-end dev program. They make an effort to build community and provide assistance. There's always someone who is willing to help you. There's a lot of quizzes and projects so you can practice coding. The... Read More price is pretty reasonable and you can always go at your own pace. The cons? The lecture videos aren't always very clear or easy to understand. It takes a lot of motivation to get through the program. I'd recommend doing the program while participating in a local meet up with more experience developers to help tutor you when you get stuck.Read Less,udacity
"I love Udacity. I watch many free online courses (Intro to inferal stat, Intro to data science, python basic) before I made a decision to apply for Introduction to programming nanodegree.They offer 7 days trial. I was worried before I enrolled because... Read More there are some reviews that they give back feedback late. Once I tried myself, the feedback is back within 2 days. Personally I don't need 1-on-1 coaching. I can follow the lesson without problem but I valued for their feedback. My projects are checked thoroughly. Without the feedback, my code is good but not great. And if you can finish the course within 12 months, it will cost only 100 USD/month. Well, 100 USD/5 projects and they will check until it passed all the criteria. Moreover, the course is not too easy to get me bored. In the other hands, not all the courses are good. I found some of them is hard to follow and I already give feedback to them. So if you have the same problem as me I suggest to try other easier, more basic online website.Please note that I have just started for 1 months and try only a few webs of online learning.Read Less",udacity
"Support is very limited. Don't think that it's right for an absolute beginner that need substantial feedback. I would recommend to watch the free videos and keep your money for it's not worth it. The money that you pay are for support are on projects... Read More only and not the pre-courses that you will need to review that also have mini projects that you will need to complete to help you learn. If you feel that you need a lot of support, Udacity is not it. It's best to go to a full blown boot-camp type of school.Read Less",udacity
